<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1315399_0001315399-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13988617</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>245074</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1909243</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6003992</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2892626</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2630144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001315399-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315160740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001315399-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARKE BANCORP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001315399
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51338
		FILM NUMBER:		23735218

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 DELSEA DRIVE
		CITY:			WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		856 256-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 DELSEA DRIVE
		CITY:			WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001315399-23-000020.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 pkbk-20221231.htm
 10-K

pkbk-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT 
 PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 (Mark One) 
 [ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 or 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission File No. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for compliance with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the Registrant s common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022 was approximately million. 
 
 As of March 14, 2023 there were outstanding shares of the Registrant s common stock. 

FORM 10-K 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 INDEX 
 
 PART 1 Page Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 17 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 Item 9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 73 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 73 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 73 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 74 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 74 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 76 
 Signatures 
 76 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Parke Bancorp, Inc. (the Company may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including statements contained in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits hereto), in its reports to shareholders and in other communications by the Company, which are made in good faith by the Company pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms "Parke Bancorp", "the Company", "registrant", "we", "us", and "our" mean Parke Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, plan, seek, expect and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; 
 statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; 
 statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and 
 estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. We are under no duty to and do not take any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 the continued adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the local and national economy and our business and results of operations; 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; 
 changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses; 
 our ability to access cost-effective funding; 
 fluctuations in real estate values and both residential and commercial real estate market conditions; 
 demand for loans and deposits in our market area; 
 economic factors in the U.S. and globally due to COVID-19 or otherwise, including business disruptions, reductions in employment, supply chain interruptions, inflation, Federal Reserve actions impacting the level of market interest rates and an increase in business failures; 
 the continued impact of COVID-19 on our employees and our ability to provide services to our customers and respond to their needs as more cases and new variants of COVID-19 may arise in our primary markets; 
 our ability to implement changes in our business strategies; 
 competition among depository and other financial institutions; 
 inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields, or reduce the fair value of financial instruments or reduce the origination levels in our lending business, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make whether held in portfolio or sold in the secondary markets 
 adverse changes in the securities markets; 
 changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; 
 changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions engaged in the cannabis related business; 
 our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk in the current economic conditions; 
 our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; 
 our ability to successfully integrate any assets, liabilities, customers, systems and management personnel we have acquired or may acquire into our operations and our ability to realize related revenue synergies and cost savings within expected time frames and any goodwill charges related thereto; 
 changes in consumer demand, borrowing and savings habits; 

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 
 our ability to retain key employees; 
 technological changes; 
 significant increases in our loan losses; 
 cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other technological risks that may breach the security of our websites or other systems to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information and destroy data or disable our systems; 
 technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; 
 the ability of third-party providers to perform their obligations to us; 
 the ability of the U.S. Government to manage federal debt limits; 
 changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own; and 
 other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and operational factors affecting our operations, pricing products and services described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Because of these and other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions that the listed factors are not exclusive. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company. 

Part I 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 General 
 
 We are a bank holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey in January 2005. Our business and operations primarily consist of our ownership of Parke Bank (the "Bank"). The Bank is a full service commercial bank and is chartered by the New Jersey Department of Banking and insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The Bank conducts its business through offices in Gloucester, Atlantic and Camden Counties in New Jersey and the Philadelphia area in Pennsylvania. 
 
 We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Parke Bank, provide personal and business financial services to individuals and small to mid-sized businesses. We offer a range of loan products, deposits services, and other financial products through our retail branches and other channels to our customers. Our core lending businesses are commercial real estate lending, residential real estate lending, and construction lending. We also offer a variety of commercial and industry loan and consumer loan products to our customers. We fund our lending business primarily with deposits generated through retail deposits and commercial relationships. Our deposit products include checking, savings, money market deposit, time deposits, and other traditional deposit services. In addition to traditional products and services, we offer contemporary products and services, such as debit cards, internet banking and online bill payment. 
 
 We commenced operations on June 1, 2005, upon completion of the reorganization of the Bank into the holding company form of ownership following approval of the reorganization by shareholders of the Bank at its 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Our headquarters is located at 601 Delsea Drive, Washington Township, New Jersey. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, are available for free of charge at www.parkebank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Investors are encouraged to access these reports and other information about our business on our website. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 1.98 billion, including loans of 1.75 billion, total deposits of 1.58 billion and total equity of 266.0 million. 
 
 1 

Market Area 
 
 Substantially all of the Bank s business is with customers in its market areas of Southern New Jersey, the Philadelphia area of Pennsylvania, and New York, New York. We have carefully expanded our lending footprint in other areas also. Most of the Bank s customers are individuals and small to medium-sized businesses which are dependent upon the regional economy. Adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the Bank s markets could adversely affect the Bank s borrowers, their ability to repay their loans and to borrow additional funds, and consequently the Bank s financial condition and performance. 
 
 Additionally, most of the Bank s loans are secured by real estate located in Southern New Jersey and the Philadelphia area. A decline in local economic conditions could adversely affect the values of such real estate. Consequently, a decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on the Bank s earnings and capital than on the earnings and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loan portfolios are more geographically diverse. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Bank faces significant competition, both in making loans and attracting deposits. The Bank s competition in both areas comes principally from other commercial banks, thrift and savings institutions, including savings and loan associations and credit unions, and other types of financial institutions, including brokerage firms and credit card companies. The Bank faces additional competition for deposits from short-term money market mutual funds and other corporate and government securities funds. 
 
 Most of the Bank s competitors, whether traditional or nontraditional financial institutions, have a longer history and significantly greater financial and marketing resources than does the Bank. Among the advantages these institutions have over the Bank are their ability to finance wide-ranging and effective advertising campaigns, to access international money markets and to allocate their investment resources to regions of highest yield and demand. Major banks operating in the primary market area offer certain services, such as international banking and trust services, which are not offered directly by the Bank. 
 
 In commercial transactions, the Bank s legal lending limit to a single borrower enables the Bank to compete effectively for the business of individuals and smaller enterprises. However, the Bank s legal lending limit is considerably lower than that of various competing institutions, which have substantially greater capitalization. The Bank has a relatively smaller capital base than most other competing institutions which, although above regulatory minimums, may constrain the Bank s effectiveness in competing for loans. 
 
 Cannabis Related Business 
 
 In 2021, cannabis in the State of New Jersey became legal for recreational use. An amendment legalizing cannabis became part of the New Jersey State Constitution, and enabling legislation and related bills were signed into law in 2021. The new law legalized and regulated cannabis use and possession for adults 21 years and older. The new law also clarifies marijuana and cannabis use and possession penalties for individuals younger than 21 years old. Retail sales of cannabis began in New Jersey in April 2022. We provide banking services to customers that are licensed by various States to do business in the cannabis industry as growers, processors and dispensaries and who participate in retail sales of cannabis in New Jersey. Cannabis businesses are legal under the laws of these States and now in New Jersey, although it is not legal under federal law. The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN published guidelines in 2014 for financial institutions servicing state legal cannabis businesses. A financial institution that provides services to cannabis-related businesses can comply with Bank Secrecy Act BSA disclosure standards by following the FinCEN guidelines. We maintain stringent written policies and procedures related to the acceptance of such businesses and to the monitoring and maintenance of such business accounts. We conduct a significant due diligence review of the cannabis business before the business is accepted, including confirmation that the business is properly licensed by the applicable state. Throughout the relationship, we continue monitoring the business, including site visits, to ensure that the business continues to meet our stringent requirements, including maintenance of required licenses and periodic financial reviews of the business. 
 While we believe we are operating in compliance with the FinCEN guidelines, there can be no assurance that federal enforcement guidelines will not change. Federal prosecutors have significant discretion and there can be no assurance that the federal prosecutors will not choose to strictly enforce the federal laws governing cannabis. Any change in the Federal government s enforcement position, could cause us to immediately cease providing banking services to the cannabis industry. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deposit balances from cannabis customers were approximately 177.3 million and 375.2 million, or 11.3 and 21.2 of total deposits, respectively, with two customers accounting for 36.9 and 19.3 of the 
 2 

total at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were cannabis-related loans in the amounts of 3.8 million and 5.4 million, respectively. 
 Lending Activities 
 Our lending relationships are primarily with small to mid-sized businesses and individual consumers residing primarily in and around southern New Jersey, southeastern Pennsylvania, and the Brooklyn and Bronx sections of New York, New York. We focus our lending efforts primarily in four lending areas: residential mortgage loans, commercial mortgage loans, commercial and industrial loans, and construction loans. 
 Loan Maturity. The following table sets forth the contractual maturity of certain loan categories and the dollar amount of loans in certain loan categories due after December 31, 2022, which have predetermined interest rates and which have floating or adjustable interest rates at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Due within one year or less Due after one through five years Due after five through fifteen years Due after fifteen years Total Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and Industrial 19,222 3,468 9,693 32,383 Construction 139,856 52,501 192,357 Commercial Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial - Owner Occupied 13,583 24,164 86,413 1,790 125,950 Commercial - Non-Owner Occupied 33,838 96,063 247,551 377,452 Residential - 1 to 4 family 4,531 29,107 126,625 760,767 921,030 Residential - multifamily 5,230 12,131 78,195 95,556 Consumer 5 242 2,616 3,868 6,731 Total 216,265 217,676 551,093 766,425 1,751,459 Loans at fixed interest rates 27,530 35,404 241,701 32,319 336,954 Loans at floating/variable interest rates 188,735 182,272 309,392 734,106 1,414,505 Total 216,265 217,676 551,093 766,425 1,751,459 

Commercial and Industrial Loans. The Bank originates secured loans for business purposes. Loans are made to provide working capital to businesses in the form of lines of credit, which may be secured by accounts receivable, inventory, equipment or other assets. The financial condition and cash flow of commercial borrowers are closely monitored by means of corporate financial statements, personal financial statements and income tax returns. The frequency of submissions of required financial information depends on the size and complexity of the credit and the collateral that secures the loan. The Bank s general policy is to obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the commercial loan borrowers. Such loans are made to businesses located in the Bank s market area. 
 
 Commercial business loans generally involve a greater degree of risk than residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan balances. This increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the mobility of collateral, the effects of general economic conditions and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. Unlike residential mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from his or her employment and other income and which are secured by real property the value of which tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial business loans typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s business. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial business loans may be substantially dependent on the success of the business itself and the general economic environment. If the cash flow from business operations is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 
 
 Construction Loans. The Bank originates construction loans to individuals and real estate developers in its market area. The advantages of construction lending are that the market is typically less competitive than more standard mortgage products, the interest rate typically charged is a variable rate, which permits the Bank to protect against sudden changes in its costs of funds, and the fees or points charged by the Bank to its customers can be amortized over the shorter term of a construction loan, typically, one to two years, which permits the Bank to recognize income received over a shorter period of time. 
 3 

The Bank provides interim real estate acquisition development and construction loans to builders and developers. Construction loans to provide interim financing on the property are based on acceptable percentages of the appraised value of the property securing the loan in each case. Construction loan funds are disbursed periodically at pre-specified stages of completion. Interest rates on these loans are generally adjustable. The Bank carefully monitors these loans with on-site inspections and control of disbursements. These loans are generally made on properties located in the Bank s market area. 
 
 Construction loans are secured by the properties under development and personal guarantees are typically obtained. Further, to assure that reliance is not placed solely on the value of the underlying property, the Bank considers the financial condition and reputation of the borrower and any guarantors, the amount of the borrower s equity in the project, independent appraisals, costs estimates and pre-construction sale information. 
 
 Loans to residential builders are for the construction of residential homes for which a binding sales contract exists and the prospective buyers have been pre-qualified for permanent mortgage financing. Loans to residential developers are made only to developers with a proven sales record. Generally, these loans are extended only when the borrower provides evidence that the lots under development will be sold to potential buyers satisfactory to the Bank. 
 
 The Bank also originates loans to individuals for construction of single family dwellings. These loans are for the construction of the individual s primary residence. They are typically secured by the property under construction, occasionally include additional collateral (such as a second mortgage on the borrower s present home), and commonly have maturities of six to twelve months. 
 
 Construction financing is labor intensive for the Bank, requiring employees of the Bank to expend substantial time and resources in monitoring and servicing each construction loan to completion. Construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan is dependent largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction and development, the accuracy of projections, such as the sales of homes or the future leasing of commercial space, and the accuracy of the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. Substantial deviations can occur in such projections. During the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays and cost overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, the Bank may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of the development. If the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, the Bank may be confronted, at or prior to the maturity of the loan, with a project having a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment. Also, a construction loan that is in default can cause problems for the Bank such as selecting replacement builders for a project, considering alternate uses for the project and site and handling any structural and environmental issues that might arise. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Mortgage Loans. The Bank originates mortgage loans secured by commercial real estate. Such loans are primarily secured by office buildings, retail buildings, warehouses and general purpose business space. Although terms may vary, the Bank s commercial mortgages generally have maturities of twenty years, but re-price within five years. 
 
 Loans secured by commercial real estate are generally larger and involve a greater degree of risk than one-to four-family residential mortgage loans. Of primary concern in commercial and multi-family real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income properties are often dependent on the successful operation or management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to a greater extent than residential real estate loans to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. 
 
 The Bank seeks to reduce the risks associated with commercial mortgage lending by generally lending in its primary market area and obtaining periodic financial statements and tax returns from borrowers. It is also the Bank s general policy to obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the borrowers and assignments of all leases related to the collateral. 
 
 Residential Real Estate Mortgage Loans. The Bank originates adjustable and fixed-rate residential mortgage loans. Such mortgage loans are generally originated under terms, conditions and documentation acceptable to the secondary mortgage market. Although the Bank has placed all of these loans into its portfolio, a substantial majority of such loans can be sold in the secondary market or pledged for potential borrowings. 
 
 Consumer Loans. The Bank offers a variety of consumer loans. These loans are typically secured by residential real estate or personal property, including automobiles. Home equity loans (closed-end and lines of credit) are typically made up to 80 of the appraised or assessed value of the property securing the loan in each case, less the amount of any existing prior liens on the property, and generally have maximum terms of ten years. The interest rates on second mortgages are generally fixed, while interest rates on home equity lines of credit are variable. 
 4 

Loans to One Borrower and Concentration of Loans. Federal regulations limit loans to one borrower in an amount equal to 15 of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s loan to one borrower limit was approximately 51.0 million and the Bank had no borrowers with loan balances in excess of this amount. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s largest loan to one borrower was a commercial owner occupied real estate loan with a balance of 22.1 million that was secured by the property. At December 31, 2022, this loan was current and performing in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. 
 
 The size of loans which the Bank can offer to potential borrowers is less than the size of loans which many of the Bank s competitors with larger capitalization are able to offer. The Bank may engage in loan participations with other banks for loans in excess of the Bank s legal lending limits. However, no assurance can be given that such participations will be available at all or on terms which are favorable to the Bank and its customers. 
 
 The Bank establishes policies and methods to determine concentrations of credit risk and to maintain discipline in lending practices with a focus on portfolio diversification. The Bank limits on loans to one borrower, one industry as well as product concentrations. At December 31, 2022, the Bank's loan portfolio consists of residential, commercial real estate loans, construction loans, commercial and industry loans as well as consumer loans. 
 
 Non-Performing and Problem Assets 
 
 Non-Performing Assets. Non-accrual loans are loans on which the accrual of interest has ceased. Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status if, in the opinion of management, collection is doubtful, or when principal or interest is past due 90 days or more unless the collateral is considered sufficient to cover principal and interest and the loan is in the process of collection. Interest accrued, but not collected at the date a loan is placed on non-accrual status, is reversed and charged against interest income. Subsequent cash receipts are applied either to the outstanding principal or recorded as interest income, depending on management s assessment of ultimate collectability of principal and interest. Loans are returned to an accrual status when the borrower s ability to make periodic principal and interest payments has returned to normal (i.e., brought current with respect to principal or interest or restructured) and the paying capacity of the borrower and/or the underlying collateral is deemed sufficient to cover principal and interest. 
 
 A loan is considered impaired when it has been modified in a troubled debt restructuring or when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future discounted cash flows, the market price of the loan or the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The recognition of interest income on impaired loans is the same as for non-accrual loans discussed above. Total impaired loans, which include non-accrual loans and performing troubled debt restructurings TDRs ), were 21.7 million and 10.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 5.5 million and 6.0 million, respectively, of loans classified as TDRs as defined within accounting guidance and regulatory literature. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was 3.0 million in loans which were not then on non-accrual status or a TDR but where there is a potential weakness or pose unwarranted financial risk to the Bank, even though the asset value is not currently impaired. These loans require an increased degree of monitoring and servicing by Management as a result of internal or external conditions. 
 
 When a loan is more than 30 days delinquent, the borrower is contacted by mail or phone and payment is requested. If the delinquency continues, subsequent efforts are made to contact the delinquent borrower. In certain instances, the Bank may modify the loan or grant a limited moratorium on loan payments to enable the borrower to reorganize their financial affairs. If the loan continues in a delinquent status for 90 days or more, the Bank generally will initiate foreclosure proceedings. 
 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when either principal or interest is 90 days or more past due. Interest accrued and unpaid at the time a loan is placed on non-accrual status is charged against interest income. Such interest, when ultimately collected, is applied either to the outstanding principal or recorded as interest income, depending on management s assessment of ultimate collectability of principal and interest. 
 
 Foreclosed Real Estate. Real estate acquired by the Bank as a result of foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned until such time as it is sold. When real estate owned is acquired, it is recorded at its fair value less disposal costs. Management also periodically performs valuations of real estate owned and establishes allowances to reduce book values of the properties to their net realizable values when necessary. Any write-down of real estate owned is charged to 
 5 

operations. Real estate owned at December 31, 2022 was 1.6 million. Real estate owned consisted of two commercial owner occupied properties as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Allowance for Losses on Loans. It is the policy of management to estimate for possible losses on all loans in its portfolio, whether classified or not. A provision for loan losses is charged to operations based on management s evaluation of the inherent losses estimated to have occurred in the Bank s loan portfolio. 
 
 Management s judgment as to the level of probable losses on existing loans is based on its internal review of the loan portfolio, including an analysis of the borrower's current financial position; the level and trends in delinquencies, non-accruals and impaired loans; the consideration of national and local economic conditions and trends; concentrations of credit; the impact of any changes in credit policy; the experience and depth of management and the lending staff; and any trends in loan volume and terms. In determining the collectability of certain loans, management also considers the fair value of any underlying collateral. However, management s determination of the appropriate allowance level, which is based upon the factors outlined above, which are believed to be reasonable, may or may not prove to be valid. Thus, there can be no assurance that charge-offs in future periods will not exceed the allowance for loan losses or that additional increases in the allowance for loan losses will not be required. 
 
 Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses. The following table sets forth the allocation of the Bank s allowance for loan losses by loan category at the dates indicated and the related percentage of the loans in the portfolio. The portion of the loan loss allowance allocated to each loan category does not represent the total available for future losses that may occur within the loan category as the total loan loss allowance is a valuation reserve applicable to the entire loan portfolio. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount of Loans to total Loans Net charge off/(recovery) Net charge off to average loans outstanding Amount of Loans to total Loans Net charge off/(recovery) Net charge off to average loans outstanding (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial 390 1.8 (14) 417 3.8 (18) Construction 2,581 11.0 (100) (0.01) 2,662 10.4 226 0.01 Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied 2,298 7.2 (18) 2,997 8.3 100 0.01 Commercial Non-owner Occupied 9,709 21.6 7,476 20.6 (4) Residential 1 to 4 Family 15,457 52.6 (68) 14,970 50.7 49 Residential Multifamily 1,347 5.5 1,215 5.7 Consumer 63 0.4 108 0.5 Total allowance for loan losses 31,845 100.0 (200) (0.01) 29,845 100.0 353 0.02 Period-end loans outstanding (net of deferred costs/fees) 1,751,459 1,484,847 Average loans outstanding 1,580,318 1,513,959 Total non-accrual loans 16,276 4,308 Allowance as a percentage of period end loans 1.82 2.01 Non-accrual loans as a percentage of period end loans 0.93 0.29 Allowance as a percentage of non-performing loans 195.66 692.78 

6 

Investment Activities 
 
 General . The investment policy of the Company is established by senior management and approved by the Board of Directors. It is based on asset and liability management goals and is designed to provide a portfolio of high quality investments that foster interest income within acceptable interest rate risk and liquidity guidelines. In accordance with accounting guidance, the Company classifies the majority of its portfolio of investment securities as available for sale with the remainder, which are a mix of municipal bonds and mortgage-backed-securities held for Community Reinvestment Act purposes, as held to maturity. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s investment policy allowed investments in instruments such as: (i) U.S. Treasury obligations, (ii) U.S. government agency or government-sponsored agency obligations, (iii) local municipal obligations, (iv) mortgage-backed securities, (v) certificates of deposit, and (vi) investment grade corporate bonds, trust preferred securities and mutual funds. The Board of Directors may authorize additional investments. At December 31, 2022, no one issuer of investment securities represented 10 or more of the Company s stockholders equity. 
 
 Investment Portfolio Maturities. The following table sets forth information regarding the scheduled maturities, amortized costs, estimated fair values, and weighted average yields for the Bank s investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 One Year or Less After One Through Five Years After Five Years Through Ten Years After Ten Years Total Investment Securities Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Amortized Cost Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) Securities Held to Maturity : 
 State and political subdivisions 1,346 2,476 3,822 3,345 Yield 4.76 1.91 2.90 Residential mortgage-backed securities 5,556 5,556 4,460 Yield 1.79 1.79 Total securities held to maturity 1,346 8,032 9,378 7,805 Weighted Average Yield 4.76 1.83 2.23 Securities Available for Sale : 
 Corporate debt obligations 500 500 500 Yield 4.38 4.38 Residential mortgage-backed securities 1,756 3,641 4,178 9,575 8,866 Yield 1.83 2.33 2.47 2.29 Total securities available for sale 2,256 3,641 4,178 10,075 9,366 Weighted Average Yield 2.32 2.33 2.47 2.38 Total Investment Securities 3,602 3,641 12,210 19,453 17,171 Total Weighted Average Yield 3.14 2.33 2.06 2.31 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Parke does not have any tax-exempt securities within the investment portfolio. Yields are calculated on a weighted average basis using the investments amortized cost and respective average yields for each investment category. Expected maturities of mortgage-backed securities may differ from contractual maturities due to calls or prepay obligations. 
 
 Sources of Funds 
 
 General. Deposits are the major external source of the Bank s funds for lending and other investment purposes. In addition to deposits, the Bank derives funds from the amortization, prepayment or sale of loans, maturities of investment securities and operations. Scheduled loan principal repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest rates and market conditions. 
 7 

Deposits. The Bank offers individuals and businesses a wide variety of accounts, including checking, savings, money market accounts, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit. Total deposits were 1.58 billion at December 31, 2022. Deposits are obtained primarily from communities that the Bank serves, however, the Bank held brokered deposits of 140.8 million and 9.1 million at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Brokered deposits are a more volatile source of funding than core deposits and do not increase the deposit franchise of the Bank. In a rising rate environment, the Bank may be unwilling or unable to pay a competitive rate. To the extent that such deposits do not remain with the Bank, they may need to be replaced with borrowings which could increase the Bank s cost of funds and negatively impact its interest rate spread, financial condition and results of operation. To mitigate the potential negative impact associated with brokered deposits, the Bank joined the IntraFi network ("IntraFi") to secure an additional alternative funding source. IntraFi provides the Bank an additional source of external funds through their weekly CDARS settlement process. The rates are comparable to brokered deposits and can be obtained within a shorter period of time than brokered deposits. The Bank s CDARS deposits included within the brokered deposit total amounted to 106.6 million and 4.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2022 
 Average Balance Yield/Rate Percent of Total Dollars in thousands) 
 NOWs 92,535 0.44 5.75 Money markets 352,339 1.01 21.89 Savings 195,029 0.44 12.12 Time deposits 514,421 0.96 31.96 Brokered CDs 26,785 1.88 1.66 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,181,109 0.89 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 428,549 26.62 Total deposits 1,609,658 100.00 Uninsured deposits at the end of the period 622,966 

2021 
 Average Balance Yield/Rate Percent of Total Dollars in thousands) 
 NOWs 75,502 0.43 4.39 Money markets 322,201 0.66 18.75 Savings 146,584 0.45 8.53 Time deposits 632,874 1.01 36.84 Brokered CDs 34,292 0.67 2.00 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,211,453 0.81 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 506,644 29.49 Total deposits 1,718,097 100.00 Uninsured deposits at the end of the period 802,665 

8 

The following table indicates the amount of the Company s certificates of deposit of 250,000 or more, and the portion that are in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance ("FDIC") limit, by time remaining until maturity as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Maturity Period Certificates of Deposit Portion in Excess of FDIC Insurance Limit Dollars in thousands) 
 Within three months 15,118 4,118 Over three through six months 6,279 3,029 Over six through twelve months 41,243 26,493 Over twelve months 56,369 26,119 Total 119,009 59,759 
 
 Under FDIC regulations, insured banks that are well capitalized with examination ratings in one of the two highest categories are permitted to accept brokered deposits and are not restricted as to the rates that can be paid on such deposits. Banks that are less than well capitalized or are not in one of the two highest examination rating categories may not accept brokered deposits absent a waiver from the FDIC and may not pay interest on brokered deposits that they are permitted to accept at a rate that is more than 75 basis points greater than the average national rate paid on deposits of similar size and maturity. Pursuant to the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA enacted in May 2018, the FDIC has amended its brokered deposit rule to exempt reciprocal deposits such as CDARs in an amount not exceeding the lesser of 5 billion or 20 of a bank s total liabilities from the definition of brokered deposits. A bank that was well-capitalized and highly rated may continue to accept reciprocal deposits after it becomes less than well-capitalized or is no longer highly rated provided that reciprocal deposits do not exceed the average amount of reciprocal deposits as the preceding four quarter ends. 
 
 Subsidiary Activities 
 
 The largest subsidiary of the Company is the Bank. In 2018, the Company formed a joint venture with Bridgestone Capital LLC in PDL LLC, to originate short-term alternative real estate loan products. The Company had a 51 ownership interest in the joint venture, and Bridgestone Capital LLC made a 1.2 million capital contribution to PDL. In 2021, PDL LLC was fully liquidated and all earnings were distributed to the Company and Bridgestone Capital, LLC. 
 
 Personnel 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 104 full-time and 7 part-time employees. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Set forth below is a brief description of certain laws that relate to the regulation of the Bank and the Company. The description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Consent Orders with Banking Regulators 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Bank entered into a Stipulation to the Issuance of a Consent Order with each of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC and the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (the NJDOBI ), consenting to the issuance of substantially identical consent orders (the Consent Orders relating to weaknesses in the Bank s Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering (collectively BSA compliance program. In consenting to the issuance of the Consent Orders, the Bank did not admit or deny any charges of unsafe or unsound banking practices related to the BSA compliance program. 
 
 Under the terms of the Consent Orders, the Bank and/or its Board of Directors is required to take certain actions which include, but are not limited to: 
 
 9 

Increase supervision and direction of the Bank s BSA compliance program and assume full responsibility for the approval and implementation of sound BSA policies and procedures; 
 Creation of a compliance committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank with the responsibility of overseeing compliance with the Orders, BSA and the BSA compliance program; 
 Designate a qualified individual(s) acceptable to the FDIC and the NJDOBI as a BSA Officer; 
 Review and improve the Bank s BSA compliance program, BSA risk assessment, system of BSA internal controls, and customer due diligence policies; 
 Develop, adopt and implement effective training programs for the Board and management on all relevant aspects of laws, regulations and policies relating to BSA and ensure that an adequate number of qualified staff have been retained for the Bank s BSA Department; 
 Ensure the Bank s adherence to a written program of policies and procedures to provide for BSA compliance and the appropriate identification and monitoring of transactions that pose greater than normal risk for BSA compliance; 
 Development and implementation of a customer due diligence program to enhance customer due diligence and risk assessment processes; 
 Review and improve policies and procedures for monitoring and reporting suspicious activity; 
 Conduct independent testing for compliance with BSA by either a qualified outside party or Bank personnel who are independent of the BSA function and are qualified to perform such testing; and 
 Hire a qualified firm acceptable to the FDIC and the NJDOBI to conduct a look back review of accounts and transaction activity for the time period beginning January 1, 2019, through the effective date of the Orders. 
 
 Numerous actions have already been taken or commenced by the Bank, which will assist in complying with the Consent Orders and strengthen its BSA compliance practices, policies, procedures and controls. 
 
 The Consent Orders have resulted, and are expected to continue to result, in additional BSA compliance expenses for the Bank and the Company. The Consent Orders do not otherwise impact the Bank s business activities outside of BSA. 
 
 The Consent Orders do not require the Bank to pay any civil money penalty or require additional capital. 
 
 The foregoing summary description of the Consent Orders is not complete and is qualified by reference to the full text of the Consent Orders, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Consent Orders will remain in effect and be enforceable until they are modified, terminated, suspended or set aside by the FDIC and the NJDOBI. Management and the Board have expressed their full intention to comply with all parts of the Consent Orders at the earliest possible date. Issuance of the Consent Orders do not preclude further government action with respect to the Bank s BSA program, including the imposition of fines, sanctions, additional expenses and compliance cost, and/or restrictions on the activities of the Bank. 

Holding Company Regulation 
 General. The Company is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHC Act ), and is regulated by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has enforcement authority over the Company and the Company's non-bank subsidiary which also permits the Federal Reserve to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the subsidiary bank. The Company is required to file periodic reports of its operations with, and is subject to examination by, the Federal Reserve. This regulation and oversight is generally intended to ensure that the Company limits its activities to those allowed by law and that it operates in a safe and sound manner without endangering the financial health of its subsidiary bank. 
 
 Under the BHC Act, the Company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before it may acquire control of another bank or bank holding company, merge or consolidate with another bank holding company, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or bank holding company, or acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the Company would directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of such shares. 
 
 Subsidiary banks of a bank holding company are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the BHC Act on extensions of credit to the bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries, on investments in the stock or other securities of the bank holding company or its subsidiaries, and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. Furthermore, under amendments to the BHC Act and regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit or provision of credit or providing any property or services. Generally, this provision provides that a bank may not extend credit, lease or 
 10 

sell property, or furnish any service to a customer on the condition that the customer obtain additional credit or service from the bank, the bank holding company, or any other subsidiary of the bank holding company or on the condition that the customer not obtain other credit or service from a competitor of the bank, the bank holding company, or any subsidiary of the bank. 
 
 Source of Strength Doctrine. A bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, it is the policy of the Federal Reserve that a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. A bank holding company's failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the Federal Reserve to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve regulations, or both. 
 
 Non-Banking Activities. The business activities of the Company, as a bank holding company, are restricted by the BHC Act and the Federal Reserve s bank holding company regulations. Under the BHC Act and Federal Reserve regulation, the Company generally may only engage in, or acquire or control voting securities or assets of a company engaged in, (1) banking or managing or controlling banks and other subsidiaries authorized under the BHC Act and (2) any BHC Act activity the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks to be a proper incident thereto. These include any incidental activities necessary to carry on those activities, as well as a lengthy list of activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to the business of banking as to be a proper incident thereto. 
 
 In addition, a bank holding company that qualifies to be treated as a financial holding company and submits a financial holding company notice to the Federal Reserve may engage in a broad range of additional activities that are (i) financial in nature or incidental to such financial activities or (ii) complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. These activities include securities underwriting and dealing, insurance agency and underwriting, and making merchant banking investments. The Company has not submitted notice to the Federal Reserve of its intent to be deemed a financial holding company. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve has adopted regulatory capital requirements pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising a bank holding company and in analyzing applications to it under the BHC Act. The Federal Reserve s capital requirements are similar to those imposed on the Bank by the FDIC. See Regulation of the Bank-Regulatory Capital Requirements. Under the Federal Reserve s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, however, such regulatory capital requirements generally do not apply on a consolidated basis to a bank holding company with total assets of less than 3 billion unless the holding company: (1) is engaged in significant nonbanking activities either directly or through a nonbank subsidiary; (2) conducts significant off-balance sheet activities (including securitization and asset management or administration) either directly or through a nonbank subsidiary; or (3) has a material amount of debt or equity securities outstanding (other than trust preferred securities) that are registered with the SEC. The Federal Reserve may apply the regulatory capital standards at its discretion to any bank holding company, regardless of asset size, if such action is warranted for supervisory purposes. 
 
 Dividends . The Company is subject to various restrictions relating to the payment of dividends. The Federal Reserve has issued guidance indicating that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends only if the company s net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve s guidance also states that a bank holding company should inform and consult with its regional Federal Reserve Bank in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the organization s capital structure. 
 
 As a majority of the Company s revenues result from dividends paid to the Company by the Bank, the Company s ability to pay dividends to our shareholders largely depends on the receipt of such dividends from the Bank. The Bank is subject to various laws and regulations limiting the amount of dividends that it can pay. Under New Jersey law, no dividend may be paid if the dividend would impair the capital stock of the Bank. In addition, no dividend may be paid unless the Bank would, after payment of the dividend, have a surplus of at least 50 of its capital stock (or if the payment of dividend would not reduce surplus). Finally, if the Bank does not maintain the capital conservation buffer required by applicable regulatory capital rules, its ability to pay dividends or other capital distributions to the Company will be limited. See - Regulation of the Bank - Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
 
 Federal Securities Law. The Company s common stock is registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), and the Company is subject to the periodic reporting and other requirements of Section 12(b) of the 1934 Act, as amended. 
 11 

Regulation of the Bank 
 
 The Bank operates in a highly regulated industry. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which a bank may engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance fund and depositors and not shareholders of the Bank. 
 
 Any change in applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, whether by the NJDOBI, the FDIC, the United States Congress or state legislatures, could have a material adverse impact on the Bank, and its operations. The adoption of regulations or the enactment of laws that restrict the operations of the Bank or impose burdensome requirements upon it could reduce its profitability and could impair the value of the Bank s franchise, which developments could hurt the trading price of the Company s stock. 
 
 As a New Jersey-chartered commercial bank, the Bank is subject to the regulation and supervision of the NJDOBI. As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is subject to regulation and supervision of the FDIC. The regulations of the FDIC and the NJDOBI affect virtually all activities of the Bank, including the minimum level of capital the Bank must maintain, the ability of the Bank to pay dividends, the ability of the Bank to expand through new branches or acquisitions and various other matters. The NJDOBI and the FDIC regularly examine the Bank and prepare reports to the Bank s Board of Directors on deficiencies, if any, found in its operations. The regulatory authorities have substantial discretion to impose enforcement action on an institution that fails to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 Federal Deposit Insurance. The FDIC insures deposits at federally insured financial institutions such as the Bank. Deposit accounts in the Bank are insured by the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund up to a maximum of 250,000 per separately insured depositor. 
 
 The Bank is subject to deposit insurance assessments established by the FDIC to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF ). Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, banks that are deemed to be less risky pay lower assessments. Assessment rates for small institutions (those with less than 10 billion in assets) are based on an institution s weighted average CAMELS component ratings and certain financial ratios and are applied to the institution s assessment base, which equals its average total assets minus its average tangible equity. 
 
 In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule that increased the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment is expected to improve the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028, consistent with the FDIC s amended restoration plan. The FDIC assessment rates effective January 1, 2023 (which are subject to certain adjustments) range from 5 to 18 basis points for institutions with CAMELS composite ratings of 1 or 2, 8 to 32 basis points for those with a CAMELS composite score of 3, and 18 to 32 basis points for those with CAMELS composite scores of 4 or 5. Significant increases in assessments may have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Bank. 
 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not currently know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Bank is required to comply with applicable capital adequacy rules adopted by the FDIC and other federal bank regulatory agencies (the Basel III Capital Rules ). The Basel III Capital Rules apply to all depository institutions as well as to all top-tier bank and savings and loan holding companies that are not subject to the Federal Reserve Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement. 
 
 Under the Basel III Capital Rules, banks are required to meet four minimum capital standards: (1) a Tier 1 or core capital leverage ratio equal to at least 4 of total adjusted assets; (2) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio equal to 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; (3) a Tier 1 risk-based ratio equal to 6 of risk-weighted assets; and (4) a total capital ratio equal to 8 of total risk-weighted assets. Common equity Tier 1 capital is defined as common stock instruments, retained earnings, any common equity Tier 1 minority interest and, unless the bank has made an opt-out election, accumulated other comprehensive income, net of goodwill and certain other intangible assets. Tier 1 or core capital is defined as common equity Tier 1 capital plus certain qualifying subordinated interests and grandfathered capital instruments. Total capital consists of Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 or supplementary capital items, which include allowances for loan losses in an amount of up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, qualifying subordinated instruments and certain grandfathered capital instruments. An institution s risk-based capital requirements are measured against risk-weighted assets, which equal the sum of each on-balance-sheet asset and the credit-equivalent amount of each off-balance-sheet item after being multiplied by an assigned risk weight. Risk weightings range 
 12 

from 0 for cash to 100 for property acquired through foreclosure, commercial loans, and certain other assets to 150 for exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and certain commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. 
 
 In addition to the above minimum requirements, the Basel III Capital Rules require banks and covered financial institution holding companies to maintain a capital conservation buffer of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets over and above the minimum risk-based capital requirements. Institutions that do not maintain the required capital buffer will become subject to progressively more stringent limitations on the percentage of earnings that can be paid out in dividends or used for stock repurchases and on the payment of discretionary bonuses to senior executive management. The capital buffer requirement effectively raises the minimum required risk-based capital ratios to 7 for Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 8.5 for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5 for Total Capital on a fully phased-in basis. 
 
 In assessing an institution s capital adequacy, the FDIC takes into consideration not only these numeric factors but also qualitative factors, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where necessary. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action . Under applicable federal statute, the federal bank regulatory agencies are required to take prompt corrective action with respect to institutions that do not meet specified minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the statute establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Under the implementing regulations, in order to be considered well capitalized, a bank must have a ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 , a ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 8 , a ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 10 , and a leverage ratio of 5 . 
 An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 6.0 or greater, a Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 4.5 or better and a Leverage Ratio of 4.0 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 or a Leverage Ratio of less than 4.0 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of less than 4.0 , a Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 or a Leverage Ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 
 
 The prompt corrective action regulations provide for the imposition of a variety of requirements and limitations on institutions that fail to meet the above capital requirements. In particular, the FDIC may require any state non-member bank that is not adequately capitalized to take certain action to increase its capital ratios. If the non-member bank s capital is significantly below the minimum required levels of capital or if it is unsuccessful in increasing its capital ratios, the bank s activities may be restricted. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was in compliance with all regulatory capital standards and qualified as well capitalized. See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Bank Secrecy Act / Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001. These laws and regulations require the Bank to implement policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their customers. Violations of these requirements can result in substantial civil and criminal sanctions. In addition, provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act require the federal financial institution regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution's anti-money laundering activities when reviewing mergers and acquisitions. 
 
 Transactions with Related Parties. The Bank is subject to the Federal Reserve s Regulation W, which implements the restrictions of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act on transactions between a bank and its affiliates. The sole affiliate of the Bank, as defined in Regulation W, is the Company. Section 23A and Regulation W generally place limits on the amount of a bank s loans or extensions of credit to, investments in, or certain other transactions with its affiliates, and on the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of affiliates. Section 23B and Regulation W also require a bank s transactions with affiliates to be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated companies. 
 
 The Bank is also subject to certain restrictions under Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act on extensions of credit to the executive officers, directors, principal shareholders of the Bank and the Company, as well as to entities controlled by such persons. Among other things and subject to certain exceptions, these provisions generally require that the Bank s extensions of credit to the insiders of the Bank and the Company must be made on substantially the same terms, 
 13 

including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties and must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of New York, which is one of 11 regional FHLBs. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from funds deposited by member institutions and proceeds from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System. It makes loans to members (i.e., advances) in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of the FHLB. 
 
 As a member, the Bank is required to purchase and maintain restricted stock in the FHLB of New York FHLBNY in an amount equal to the greater of 1 of its aggregate unpaid residential mortgage loans, home purchase contracts or similar obligations at the beginning of each year or 5 of the Bank s outstanding advances from the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Bank was in compliance with this requirement. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, every insured depository institution, including the Bank, has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with its safe and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The Community Reinvestment Act does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, nor does it limit an institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The Community Reinvestment Act requires the depository institution s record of meeting the credit needs of its community to be assessed and taken into account in the evaluation of certain applications by such institution, such as a merger or the establishment of a branch office by the Bank. An unsatisfactory Community Reinvestment Act examination rating may be used as the basis for the denial of an application. The Bank received a satisfactory rating in its most recent Community Reinvestment Act examination. 
 
 In May 2022, the FDIC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued a joint proposal to modernize the regulations implementing the CRA, which would change both the process and substantive tests that the regulators use to assess the record of each bank in fulfilling its obligation to the community. The regulatory agencies stated that the proposal is intended to achieve the following objectives: (i) expand access to credit, investment and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking, (iii) provide greater clarity, consistency and transparency in the application of the regulations and (iv) tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, business model, and local conditions. The Company will evaluate the impact of the proposal s potential changes to the regulations implementing the CRA and their impact to our financial condition and/or results of operations, which cannot be predicted at this time. 
 
 In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. A failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act or the Fair Housing Act or with the federal fair lending regulations implementing those statutes could result in an enforcement action by the FDIC, as well as by the Department of Justice. 
 
 Incentive Compensation . The FDIC and the Federal Reserve review, as part of their regular, risk-focused examinations, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations. These reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements. Deficiencies are incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 
 In 2010, the FDIC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued comprehensive guidance on incentive compensation policies intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, is based upon the principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide incentives that do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. 
 
 In 2016, the U.S. financial regulators, including the FDIC, the Federal Reserve and the SEC, proposed revised rules on incentive-based payment arrangements at financial institutions having at least 1 billion in total assets. These proposed rules have not been finalized. 
 14 

In October 2022, the SEC adopted a final rule directing national securities exchanges, including Nasdaq, to establish listing standards requiring listed companies to adopt policies providing for the recovery or clawback of excess incentive-based compensation earned by current or former executive officers during the three fiscal years preceding the date the listed company determines an accounting restatement is required. The SEC final rule will require us to adopt a clawback policy within 60 days after the Nasdaq listing standard becomes effective. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Not applicable 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 (a) Properties. 

Office Location Year Facility Opened Lease or Owned Parke Main Office 1999 Owned 601 Delsea Drive Sewell, NJ 08080 Northfield Branch 2002 Leased 501 Tilton Road Northfield, NJ 08225 Kennedy Branch 2003 Owned 567 Egg Harbor Road Sewell, NJ 08080 Spruce Street Branch 2006 Leased 1610 Spruce Street Philadelphia, PA 19103 Galloway Township Branch 2010 Owned 67 E. Jimmy Leeds Road Galloway Township, NJ 08205 Collingswood Branch 2016 Leased 1150 Haddon Avenue Collingswood, NJ 08108 Arch Street Branch 2016 Leased 1032 Arch Street Philadelphia, PA 19108 

15 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Absecon Gardens Condominium Association v. Parke Bank, One Mechanic Street, et al, Superior Court of New Jersey, Law Division, Atlantic County, Docket No. ATL-L-2321-21. The Company is the successor to the interests of the developer of the Absecon Gardens Condominium project in Absecon NJ. Some of the unit owners have suggested that the Company is responsible for contributions and/or repair for alleged damages purportedly relating to construction. The owners filed a Complaint, alleging that the damages total approximately 1.7 million. The matter is in the early stages of discovery so it is difficult to determine whether that amount accurately reflects the claimed damages, or whether the Company is in any way culpable for the damages. At this time it is too early to predict whether an unfavorable outcome will result. The Company is vigorously defending this matter. See "Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies" in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other than the foregoing, neither the Company nor the Bank are involved in any other pending legal proceedings, other than routine legal matters occurring in the ordinary course of business, which in the aggregate involve amounts which are believed by management to be immaterial to the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol of "PKBK". The number of shareholders of record of common stock as of December 31, 2022, was approximately 246. This does not reflect the number of persons or entities who held stock in nominee or "street" name through various brokerage firms. As of March 14, 2023, there were 11,946,671 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 The Company paid a 0.16 per share quarterly common stock cash dividend in the 1st and 2nd quarters of 2022, and 0.18 per share quarterly common stock cash dividend in the 3rd and 4th quarters of 2022. During 2022, the Company paid a total of 7.9 million in common stock cash dividends. 
 
 The Company also has 445 shares of 6 non-Cumulative Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022. The preferred stock has a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder into approximately 137.6 shares of Common Stock at December 31, 2022. Upon full conversion of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company will issue approximately 61,232 shares of Common Stock assuming that the conversion rate does not change. The conversion rate and the total number of shares to be issued would be adjusted for future stock dividends, stock splits and other corporate actions. 
 
 The Company has recorded dividends on preferred stock in the approximate amount of 26,700 and 28,200 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company paid quarterly cash dividends of 15 per share on the preferred stock for the years 2022 and 2021. The preferred stock qualifies, and is accounted, as equity securities and is included in the Company s Tier I capital since issued. 
 
 The timing and amount of future dividends will be within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the consolidated earnings, financial condition, liquidity, and capital requirements of the Company and its subsidiaries, applicable governmental regulations and restrictions, and Board policies, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 
 The Company's ability to pay dividends is substantially dependent upon the dividends it receives from the Bank and is subject to other restrictions. Under current regulations, the Bank's ability to pay dividends is restricted as well. 
 16 

Under the New Jersey Banking Act of 1948, a bank may declare and pay dividends only if after payment of the dividend the capital stock of the bank will be unimpaired and either the bank will have a surplus of not less than 50 of its capital stock or the payment of the dividend will not reduce the bank's surplus. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company may not pay a cash dividend on the common stock unless all dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock for the then-current dividend period have been paid or set aside. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act generally prohibits all payments of dividends by any insured bank that is in default of any assessment to the FDIC. Additionally, because the FDIC may prohibit a bank from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, it is possible that under certain circumstances the FDIC could claim that a dividend payment constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice. The New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance has similar power to issue cease and desist orders to prohibit what might constitute unsafe or unsound practices. The payment of dividends may also be affected by other factors (e.g., the need to maintain adequate capital or to meet loan loss reserve requirements). 
 
 There were no repurchases of the Company s Common Stock during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Shareholders wishing to change the name, address or ownership of the Company s stock, report lost certificates or consolidate accounts are asked to contact the Company s Transfer Agent and Registrar directly: Computershare Investor Services ("Computershare"), P.O. Box 43078, Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3078. Shareholders may also contact Computershare at 1-800-942-5909 and www.computershare.com. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 Not applicable 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Overview 
 
 We are a bank holding company and are headquartered in Washington Township, New Jersey. Through the Bank, we provide personal and business financial services to individuals and small to mid-sized businesses primarily in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and New York. The Bank has branches in Galloway Township, Northfield, Washington Township, and Collingswood, New Jersey and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The vast majority of our revenue and income is currently generated through the Bank. 
 
 We manage our Company for the long term. We are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits and revenue and improving profitability, while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses and capital. We continue to invest in our products, markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. 
 
 We focus on small to mid - sized business and retail customers and offer a range of loan products, deposit services, and other financial products through our retail branches and other channels. The Company's results of operations are dependent primarily on its net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on its interest earning-assets and the interest expense paid on its interest-bearing liabilities. In our operations, we have three major lines of lending: residential real estate mortgage, commercial real estate mortgage, and construction lending. Our interest income is primarily generated from our lending and investment activities. Our deposit products include checking, savings, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit. The majority of our deposit accounts are obtained through our retail banking business, which provides us with low cost funding to grow our lending efforts. The Company also generates income from loan and deposit fees and other non-interest related activities. The Company's non-interest expense primarily consists of employee compensation, administration, and other operating expenses. 
 
 17 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 1.98 billion, total liabilities of 1.72 billion, and total shareholders' equity of 266.0 million. Net income available to common shareholders for 2022 was 41.8 million. In 2022, net income available to common shareholders increased 2.6 over the previous year primarily due to higher net interest income, partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan losses and higher non-interest expense. At December 31, 2022, total assets decreased 7.1 and total equity increased 14.5 , compared to December 31, 2021. Our risk based tier 1 capital ratio remained strong during the year and was 19.3 at December 31, 2022. In addition, during 2022 we returned 7.9 million of capital to our common shareholders through common stock dividends. 
 
 Our business operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our operating results, including the continued adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the local and national economy and our business and results of operations. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain. There continues to be various other risks and uncertainties that could impact the Company s businesses and future results, such as changes to the U.S. economic condition, market interest rates, the Federal Reserve Board's monetary policy, other government policies, and actions of regulatory agencies. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net Income 
 
 We recorded net income available to common shareholders of 41.8 million or 3.51 per basic common share and 3.44 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 40.7 million, or 3.43 per basic common share and 3.36 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.1 million or 2.6 . 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income increased 4.2 million, or 6.1 , to 73.3 million for the year ended 2022 compared to 69.1 million for the year ended 2021. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to an increase in interest income of 5.4 million, partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 1.2 million. Interest income for 2022 increased to 87.5 million, an increase of 5.4 million, or 6.6 , from 82.1 million for 2021, primarily due to an increase in interest earned on average deposits held at the Federal Reserve Bank ("FRB") of 3.1 million and an increase in interest and fees on loans of 2.3 million due to higher average outstanding loan balances and higher interest rates. Interest expense increased to 14.2 million for 2022, from 13.0 million for 2021, an increase of 1.2 million, or 9.3 . The increase in interest expense was primarily due to an increase in market interest rates on our deposit accounts. 
 
 Comparative Average Balances, Yields and Rates 
 
 The following table presents the average daily balances of assets, liabilities and equity and the respective interest earned or paid on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as average annualized rates, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest rate spread is the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is net interest income divided by average earning assets. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of average balances and have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. 

18 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Yield/ Cost Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Yield/ Cost Dollars in thousands) 
 Assets Loans (1) (2) 
 1,580,318 82,900 5.25 1,513,959 80,643 5.33 Investment securities 25,922 772 2.98 26,000 753 2.90 Deposits with banks 338,277 3,811 1.13 523,491 676 0.13 Total interest-earning assets 1,944,517 87,483 4.50 2,063,450 82,072 3.98 Non-interest earning assets 79,869 77,370 Allowance for loan losses (30,449) (30,019) Total assets 1,993,937 2,110,801 Liabilities and Equity Interest bearing deposits NOWs 92,535 417 0.45 75,502 323 0.43 Money markets 352,339 3,927 1.11 322,201 2,140 0.66 Savings 195,029 905 0.46 146,585 664 0.45 Time deposits 514,421 4,890 0.95 632,874 6,399 1.01 Brokered certificates of deposit 26,785 932 3.48 34,292 228 0.66 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,181,109 11,071 0.94 1,211,454 9,754 0.81 Borrowings 119,422 3,085 2.58 158,943 3,202 2.01 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,300,531 14,156 1.09 1,370,397 12,956 0.95 Non-interest bearing deposits 428,549 506,645 Other liabilities 14,389 15,030 Total liabilities 1,743,469 1,892,072 Equity 250,468 218,729 Total liabilities and equity 1,993,937 2,110,801 Net interest income 73,327 69,116 Interest rate spread 3.41 3.03 Net interest margin 3.77 3.35 
 
 (1) Interest income includes 5.0 million and 7.5 million of net fee income for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Average balances are net of unearned income and include nonperforming loans. 
 
 Net interest income and the net interest margin in any one period can be significantly affected by a variety of factors including the mix and overall size of our earning assets portfolio and the cost of funding those assets. We expect net interest income and our net interest margin to fluctuate based on changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (i) changes in volume i.e. , changes in volume multiplied by the previous rate) and (ii) changes in rate i.e. , changes in rate multiplied by old volume). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 19 

Years ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Variance due to change in Average Volume Average Rate Net Increase/ (Decrease) Dollars in thousands) 
 Interest Income: Loans (net of deferred costs/fees) 3,535 (1,278) 2,257 Investment securities (2) 21 19 Deposits with banks (239) 3,374 3,135 Total interest income 3,294 2,117 5,411 Interest Expense: Deposits (244) 1,561 1,317 Borrowed funds (796) 679 (117) Total interest expense (1,040) 2,240 1,200 Net interest income 4,334 (123) 4,211 
 
 Provision for loan losses 
 
 Our provision for loan losses in each period is driven by net charge-offs and changes to the allowance for loan losses. We recorded a provision for loan losses of 1.8 million and 0.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The provision for loan losses as a percentage of interest income was 2.06 and 0.61 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our provision for loan losses increased by 1.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of the growth of the loan portfolio. For more information about our provision and allowance for loan and lease losses and our loss experience, see Risk Management and Asset Quality-Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and NOTE 4. Loans and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Non-interest Income 
 
 The table below displays the components of non-interest income for 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 2021 Change Change Dollars in thousands) 
 Service fees on deposit accounts 4,927 5,662 (735) (13.0) Other Loan fees 1,379 1,346 33 2.5 Bank owned life insurance income 568 575 (7) (1.2) Gain on sale of SBA loans 98 214 (116) (54.2) Gain on sale and valuation adjustments of OREO 328 60 268 446.7 Other 1,082 942 140 14.9 Total non-interest income 8,382 8,799 (417) (4.7) 
 
 Non-interest income decreased by 0.4 million to 8.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in fee income related to commercial deposit accounts, partially offset by an increase in the gain on sale of OREO. 
 The fee income for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the commercial deposit accounts of depositors who do business in the cannabis industry totaled 4.4 million and is included in service fees on deposit accounts in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Such deposit fee income totaled 5.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Please refer to Note 15. Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for our banking services to customers who do business in the cannabis industry. 
 
 20 

Non-Interest Expense 
 
 The following table displays the components of non-interest expense for 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 2021 Change Change Dollars in thousands) 
 Compensation and benefits 10,835 9,731 1,104 11.3 Professional services 2,249 3,724 (1,475) (39.6) Occupancy and equipment 2,522 2,381 141 5.9 Data processing 1,293 1,306 (13) (1.0) FDIC insurance and other assessments 1,050 1,104 (54) (4.9) OREO expense 493 287 206 71.8 Other operating expense 5,391 3,970 1,421 35.8 Total non-interest expense 23,833 22,503 1,330 5.9 
 
 Non-interest expense increased 1.3 million to 23.8 million for 2022, from 22.5 million for 2021 primarily due to an increase in other operating expense of 1.4 million, an increase in compensation and benefits of 1.1 million, and an increase in OREO expense of 206 thousand, partially offset by a decrease in professional services expense of 1.5 million. The increase in other operating expense was primarily driven by a 793 thousand increase in Pennsylvania shares tax, a 172 thousand increase in director fees, and a 321 thousand increase in other loan expense. The increase in compensation and benefits was primarily due to a 425 thousand increase in salaries, and a 597 thousand increase in pension cost. The decrease in professional services expense was mainly due to the prior year remediation efforts related to our BSA Secrecy Act ("BSA") compliance. 
 
 Income Tax 
 
 Income tax expense increased 0.3 million to 14.3 million on income before taxes of 56.1 million for 2022, compared to income tax expense of 13.9 million on income before taxes of 54.9 million for 2021. The effective income tax rates for 2022 and 2021 were 25.4 and 25.4 , respectively. 

Financial Condition 
 General 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s total assets were 1.98 billion, a decrease of 151.5 million or 7.1 , from December 31, 2021. The decrease in total assets was primarily attributable to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents, partially offset by an increase in loans. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 414.4 million, to 182.2 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to a decrease in deposits, as well as in increase in loans receivable. Total loans outstanding increased 266.6 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in residential 1 to 4 family loans of 165.1 million; commercial non-owner occupied loans of 72.3 million; and construction loans of 39.7 million; net of a decrease of 24.7 million in commercial and industrial loans. The decrease in the commercial and industrial loan portfolio is primarily due to the Paycheck Protection Program loans, which decreased 25.1 million to 2.8 million at December 31, 2022, from 27.8 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Total liabilities were 1.72 billion at December 31, 2022. This represented a 185.2 million, or 9.7 , decrease from 1.90 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease in total liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in total deposits, partially offset by an increase in borrowings. Total deposits decreased 192.4 million, or 10.9 , to 1.6 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.8 billion at December 31, 2021. Deposits from the cannabis industries decreased to 177.3 million at December 31, 2022, from 375.2 million at December 31, 2021. Total borrowings were 126.1 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.2 million, compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in FHLB advances of 5.0 million. 
 Total equity was 266.0 million and 232.4 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, an increase of 33.7 million from December 31, 2021. 
 The following table presents certain key condensed balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 21 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change Dollars in thousands) 
 Cash and cash equivalents 182,150 596,553 (414,403) (69.5) Investment securities 18,744 23,269 (4,525) (19.4) Loans, net of unearned income 1,751,459 1,484,847 266,612 18.0 Allowance for loan losses (31,845) (29,845) (2,000) 6.7 Total assets 1,984,915 2,136,445 (151,530) (7.1) Total deposits 1,575,981 1,768,410 (192,429) (10.9) FHLBNY borrowings 83,150 78,150 5,000 6.4 Subordinated debt 42,921 42,732 189 0.4 Total liabilities 1,718,881 1,904,084 (185,203) (9.7) Total equity 266,034 232,361 33,673 14.5 Total liabilities and equity 1,984,915 2,136,445 (151,530) (7.1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased 414.4 million to 182.2 million at December 31, 2022, from 596.6 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 69.5 . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in deposits mainly attributed to a decrease in deposits from the cannabis businesses, as well as in increase in loans receivable. The decrease in cannabis deposits is primarily due to increased competition for such deposits from other banks. See Deposits below. 
 
 During 2022, an armored car company used by the Bank to transport and store cash for the Bank s cannabis-related customers, informed the Company that some of the cash stored for the Bank is missing from its vault and is presumed to have been stolen. Based on preliminary estimates, the Company believes that the amount missing that is attributable to the Bank is approximately 9.5 million. The exact amount of the potential loss, if any, is unknown at this time. Please see Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Investment securities 
 
 Total investment securities decreased to 18.7 million at December 31, 2022, from 23.3 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 4.5 million or 19.4 . The decrease was primarily due to pay downs of 2.9 million and 1.0 million valuation decline. 

Loans, net unearned income 
 
 Loans receivable increased to 1.75 billion at December 31, 2022, from 1.48 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in residential 1 - 4 family of 165.1 million; commercial non-owner occupied of 72.3 million; and construction loans of 39.7 million; partially offset by a decrease of 24.7 million in commercial and industrial loans. 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 
 Allowance for loan losses increased 2.0 million, to 31.8 million, or 6.70 , at December 31, 2022, from 29.8 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the provision of 1.8 million due to the increase in the loan portfolio. 

Deposits 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank s total deposits decreased to 1.6 billion from 1.8 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 192.4 million, or 10.9 . The decrease in deposits was primarily attributed to a decrease in non-interest bearing demand deposits of 201.3 million, and time deposits of 91.9 million, partially offset by an increase in brokered CD balances of 101.3 million. Deposits from the cannabis businesses decreased to 177.3 million at December 31, 2022, from 375.2 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 197.9 million. The decrease in such deposits is primarily attributable to increased competition from other banks, as more banks are soliciting deposits from these businesses and offering favorable terms and fees for such deposits. The Bank expects this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. 
 22 

Borrowings 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total borrowings increased 5.2 million to 126.1 million at December 31, 2022, from 120.9 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in borrowings was primarily due to an increase in FHLBNY advances of 5.0 million. 
 
 Equity 
 
 Total shareholders equity increased to 266.0 million at December 31, 2022, from 232.4 million at December 31, 2021, an increase of 33.7 million or 14.5 . The increase in total shareholders' equity was primarily due to the retention of earnings from the period, partially offset by the recognition of 8.1 million of cash dividends. 
 23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to generate cash to support asset growth, meet deposit withdrawals, satisfy other contractual obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. At December 31, 2022, our cash position was 182.2 million. We invest cash that is in excess of our immediate operating needs primarily in our interest-bearing account at the Federal Reserve. 
 Our primary source of funding has been deposits. Funds from other operations, financing arrangements, investment securities available-for-sale also provide significant sources of funding. The Company seeks to rely primarily on core deposits from customers to provide stable and cost-effective sources of funding to support loan growth. We focus on customer service which we believe has resulted in a history of customer loyalty. Stability, low cost and customer loyalty comprise key characteristics of core deposits. 
 
 We also use brokered deposits as a funding source, which is more volatile than core deposits. The Bank also joined the IntraFi network to secure an additional alternative funding source. IntraFi provides the Bank an additional source of external funds through their weekly CDARS settlement process. The rates are comparable to brokered deposits and can be obtained within a shorter period time than brokered deposits. While deposit accounts comprise the vast majority of our funding needs, we maintain secured borrowing lines with the FHLBNY. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a 693.7 million line of credit from the FHLBNY, of which 83.2 million was outstanding, 50.0 million was a letter of credit to secure public deposits, and 560.5 million was unused. 
 
 Our investment portfolio primarily consists of mortgage-backed available for sale securities issued by US government agency and government sponsored entities. These available for sale securities are readily marketable and are available to meet our additional liquidity needs. At December 31, 2022, the Company's investment securities portfolio classified as available for sale was 9.4 million. 
 
 We had unused loan commitments of 159.0 million at December 31, 2022. Our loan commitments are normally originated with the full amount of collateral. Such commitments have historically been drawn at only a fraction of the total commitment. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The funding requirements for such commitments occur on a measured basis over time and would be funded by normal deposit growth. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 Consistent with the goal to operate a sound and profitable financial organization, the Company and Bank actively seeks to maintain their status as well-capitalized in accordance with regulatory standards. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Bank exceeded all applicable regulatory capital requirements. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about the Company's and the Bank's regulatory capital compliance. 

Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 Interest rate sensitivity is an important factor in the management of the composition and maturity configurations of earning assets and funding sources. The primary objective of asset/liability management is to ensure the steady growth of our primary earnings component, net interest income. Net interest income can fluctuate with significant interest rate movements. To lessen the impact of interest rate movements, management endeavors to structure the balance sheet so that repricing opportunities exist for both assets and liabilities in roughly equivalent amounts at approximately the same time intervals. Imbalances in these repricing opportunities at any point in time constitute interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 The measurement of our interest rate sensitivity, or "gap," is one of the principal techniques used in asset/liability management. Interest sensitive gap is the dollar difference between assets and liabilities that are subject to interest-rate pricing within a given time period, including both floating rate or adjustable rate instruments and instruments that are approaching maturity. 
 
 Our management and the Board of Directors oversee the asset/liability management function through the asset/liability committee of the Board that meets periodically to monitor and manage the balance sheet, control interest rate exposure, and evaluate our pricing strategies. The asset mix of the balance sheet is continually evaluated in terms of several variables: yield, credit quality, appropriate funding sources and liquidity. Management of the liability mix of the balance sheet focuses on expanding the various funding sources. 
 
 24 

In theory, interest rate risk can be diminished by maintaining a nominal level of interest rate sensitivity. In practice, this is made difficult by a number of factors, including cyclical variation in loan demand, different impacts on interest-sensitive assets and liabilities when interest rates change, and the availability of funding sources. Accordingly, we undertake to manage the interest-rate sensitivity gap by adjusting the maturity of and establishing rates on the earning asset portfolio and certain interest-bearing liabilities commensurate with management's expectations relative to market interest rates. Management generally attempts to maintain a balance between rate-sensitive assets and liabilities as the exposure period is lengthened to minimize our overall interest rate risk. 
 
 The interest rate sensitivity position as of December 31, 2022 is presented in the following table. Assets and liabilities are scheduled based on maturity or re-pricing data except for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, which are based on prevailing prepayment assumptions and expected maturities and deposits which are based on recent retention experience of core deposits. The difference between rate-sensitive assets and rate-sensitive liabilities, or the interest rate sensitivity gap, is shown at the bottom of the table. 
 As of December 31, 2022 3 Months or Less Over 3 Months Through 12 Months Over 1 Year Through 3 Years Over 3 Years Through 5 Years Over 5 Years Total (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans (1) 
 320,454 314,500 704,350 238,135 155,871 1,733,310 Investment securities 6,019 1,791 4,769 4,960 1,205 18,744 Cash and cash equivalents 154,985 154,985 Total interest-earning assets 481,458 316,291 709,119 243,095 157,076 1,907,039 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW, Saving and Money market deposits 32,216 96,649 257,730 212,712 20,993 620,300 Retail time deposits 87,377 168,588 218,085 18,648 492,698 Brokered time deposits 11,667 97,537 1,233 110,437 Borrowed funds 23,403 73,150 30,000 126,553 Total interest-bearing liabilities 154,663 435,924 477,048 231,360 50,993 1,349,988 Interest rate sensitive gap 326,795 (119,633) 232,071 11,735 106,083 557,051 Cumulative interest rate gap 326,795 207,162 439,233 450,968 557,051 Ratio of rate-sensitive assets to rate-sensitive liabilities 311.3 72.6 148.6 105.1 308.0 141.3 Cumulative interest sensitivity gap to total assets 16.5 10.4 22.1 22.7 28.1 
 (1) Loan balances exclude nonaccruing loans, deferred fees and costs, and loan discounts. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we engage in financial transactions that are not recorded on the balance sheet, or may be recorded on the balance sheet in amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the transaction. Our off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and other commitments. These transactions are primarily designed to meet the financial needs of our customers. 
 We enter into commitments to lend funds to customers, which are usually at a stated interest rate, if funded, and for specific purposes and time periods. When we make commitments, we are exposed to credit risk. However, the maximum credit risk for these commitments will generally be lower than the contractual amount because a significant portion of these commitments is expected to expire without being used by the customer. In addition, we manage the potential risk in commitments to lend by limiting the total amount of commitments, by monitoring maturity structure of these commitments and by applying the same credit standards for these commitments as for all of our credit activities. 
 25 

For commitments to lend, we generally require collateral or a guarantee. We may require various types of collateral, including accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment and income-producing commercial properties. Collateral requirements for each loan or commitment may vary based on the commitment type and our assessment of a customer s credit risk according to the specific credit underwriting, including credit terms and structure. 
 Commitments to extend credit, or net unfunded loan commitments, represent arrangements to lend funds or provide liquidity subject to specified contractual conditions. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates, may require payment of a fee, and contain termination clauses in the event the customer s credit quality deteriorates. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unused commitments to extend credit amounted to approximately 159.0 million and 117.7 million, respectively. Commitments to fund fixed-rate loans were immaterial at December 31, 2022. Variable-rate commitments are generally issued for less than one year and carry market rates of interest. Such instruments are not likely to be affected by annual rate caps triggered by rising interest rates. Management believes that off-balance sheet risk is not material to the results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, standby letters of credit with customers were 1.5 million and 1.5 million, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had contractual obligations primarily relating to commitments to extent credits, deposits, secured and unsecured borrowings, and operating leases. We have adequate resources to fund all unfunded commitments to the extent required and meet all contractual obligations as they come due. Please refer to Notes 6, 7, 9, and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detailed information regarding our contractual obligations. 
 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 The financial statements included in this document have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. 
 
 Our primary assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates, however, do not necessarily move in the same direction or with the same magnitude as the price of goods and services, since such prices are affected by inflation. In a period of rapidly rising interest rates, the liquidity and maturities of our assets and liabilities are critical to the maintenance of acceptable performance levels. 
 
 The principal effect of inflation on earnings, as distinct from levels of interest rates, is in the area of non-interest expense. Expense items such as employee compensation, employee benefits and occupancy and equipment costs may be subject to increases as a result of inflation. An additional effect of inflation is the possible increase in the dollar value of the collateral securing loans that we have made. We are unable to determine the extent, if any, to which properties securing our loans have appreciated in dollar value due to inflation. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Consolidated Financial Statements. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. The Company believes that the following discussion addresses the Company s most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments. 
 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses : Our allowances for loan and lease losses represents management's best estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio excluding those loans accounted for under fair value. Our process for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 We maintain the ALLL at levels that we believe to be appropriate to absorb estimated probable credit losses incurred in the loan and lease portfolios as of the balance sheet date. Our determination of the allowances is based on periodic evaluations of the 
 26 

loan and lease portfolios and other relevant factors. These critical estimates include significant use of our own historical data and other qualitative, quantitative data. These evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require material estimates and may be susceptible to significant change. Our allowance for loan and lease losses is comprised of two components. The specific allowance covers impaired loans and is calculated on an individual loan basis. The general based component covers loans and leases on which there are incurred losses that are not yet individually identifiable. The allowance calculation and determination process is dependent on the use of key assumptions. Key reserve assumptions and estimation processes react to and are influenced by observed changes in loan portfolio performance experience, the financial strength of the borrower, projected industry outlook, and economic conditions. 
 
 The process of determining the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses requires a high degree of judgment. To the extent actual outcomes differ from our estimates, additional provision for loan and lease losses may be required that would reduce future earnings. 
 
 Fair Value Estimates: ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements defines fair value as a market-based measurement and is the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses valuation techniques that are consistent with the market approach. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets and liabilities. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts, such as cash flows or earnings, to a single present amount on a discounted basis. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement costs). Valuation techniques should be consistently applied. Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity's own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. In that regard, a fair value hierarchy has been established for valuation inputs that gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Inputs - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
 
 Level 2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (for example, interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit risks and default rates) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlations or other means. 
 
 Level 3 Inputs - Significant unobservable inputs that reflect an entity's own assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 
 
 The majority of our assets recorded at fair value are our investment securities available for sale. The fair value of our available for sale securities are provided by independent third-party valuation services. We also may have a small balance of SBA loans recorded at fair value, which represents the face value of the guaranteed portion of the SBA loans pending settlement. Other real estate owned (OREO) is recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis and is based on the values of independent third-party full appraisals, less costs to sell (a range of 5 to 10 ). Appraisals are updated every 12 months or sooner if we have identified possible further deterioration in value. Refer to Note 16 - Fair Value in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 Income Taxes: In the normal course of business, we and our subsidiaries enter into transactions for which the tax treatment is unclear or subject to varying interpretations. We evaluate and assess the relative risks and merits of the tax treatment of transactions, filing positions, filing methods and taxable income calculations after considering statutes, regulations, and other information, and maintain tax accruals consistent with our evaluation of these relative risks and merits. The result of our evaluation and assessment is by its nature an estimate. 
 
 When tax returns are filed, it is highly likely that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that ultimately would be sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. The evaluation of a tax position taken is considered by itself and not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax 
 27 

positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Not applicable 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report On Management s Assessment Of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 To The Shareholders Of Parke Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a- 15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 March 15, 2023 

/s/ Vito S. Pantilione /s/ John S. Kaufman Vito S. Pantilione John S. Kaufman President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 28 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Parke Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Parke Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022; the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for the year then ended; and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter, in any way, our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses (ALL) Qualitative Factors 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 1.8 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the associated ALL was 31.8 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the historical loss experience is measured by type of credit and internal risk grade, loss severity, and specific homogeneous risk pools. A historical loss ratio and valuation allowance are established for each pool of similar loans and updated periodically based on actual charge-off experience and current events, which are then adjusted for other qualitative risk factors both internal and external to the Company. It is generally determined by evaluating, among other things: (i) the experience, ability, and effectiveness of the Bank's lending management and staff; (ii) the effectiveness of the Bank's loan policies, procedures, and internal controls; (iii) changes in asset quality; (iv) changes in loan portfolio volume; (v) the composition and concentrations of credit; (vi) the impact of competition on loan structuring and pricing; (vii) the effectiveness of the internal loan review function; (viii) the impact of environmental risks on portfolio risks; and (ix) national and local economic trends and conditions, and industry conditions. Management evaluates the degree of risk that each one of these components has on the quality of the loan portfolio on a quarterly basis. Each component is determined to have either a high, high-moderate, moderate, low-moderate, or low degree of risk. 
 
 We identified these qualitative adjustments within the ALL as critical audit matters because they involve a high degree of subjectivity. In turn, auditing management s judgments regarding the qualitative factors applied in the ALL calculation involved a high degree of subjectivity. 
 34 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We gained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALL, including the qualitative adjustments made to the ALL and the anchoring calculation completed to support the magnitude of the adjustments. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s ALL process, which included, among others, management s review and approval controls designed to assess the need and level of qualitative adjustments to the ALL, as well as the reliability of the data utilized to support management s assessment. 
 
 Regarding the measurement of the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the data and inputs utilized in management s estimate. We tested management s anchoring calculations to ensure that the magnitude of the adjustments was supportable. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes in the components of the qualitative reserves relative to changes in external market factors and internal data points supporting management s assessment of each factor to test the directional consistency and the overall magnitude of the qualitative factor adjustments. 
 
 We also utilized internal credit review specialists with knowledge to evaluate the appropriateness of management s risk-rating processes, to ensure that the risk ratings applied to the commercial loan portfolio were reasonable. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

/s/ 

March 15, 2023 

35 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below are matter arising from the audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses Qualitative Factors 
 The allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2021 was 29.9 million. As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses and represents an amount which, in management s judgement, will be adequate to absorb losses on existing loans. 
 
 The allowance consists of specific and general components in the amounts of 0.6 million and 29.3 million, respectively. 
 
 The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. The Company measures impairment and the related asset specific allowance for impaired loans based on the difference between the recorded investment of the loan and the present value of the expected future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate of the loan. If the loan is collateral dependent, the Company measures impairment based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral, which the Company determines based on the current fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs, instead of discounted cash flows. Loans are identified as collateral dependent if the Company believes that collateral is the sole source of repayment. 
 
 The general component is based on historical losses, general economic conditions, and other qualitative risk factors both internal and external to the Company. The historical loss ratio and valuation allowance are established for each pool of similar loans and updated periodically based on actual charge-off experience and current events. The qualitative risk factors are generally determined by evaluating, among other things: (i) lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off, and recovery practices; (ii) national and local economic trends and conditions; (iii) nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans; (iv) experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff; (v) volume and severity of past due, classified and nonaccrual loans as well as other loan modifications; (vi) quality of the Company s loan 
 34 

review system; and (vii) existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations. The evaluation of the qualitative factor adjustments requires a significant amount of judgement by management and involves a high degree of subjectivity. 
 
 We identified the qualitative factor portion of the general reserve component of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as auditing the underlying qualitative factors required significant auditor judgment as amounts determined by management rely on analysis that is highly subjective and includes significant estimation uncertainty. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factors included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s establishment of the factor, assessment, and review of the qualitative factors, and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls over management s establishment, review and approval of the qualitative factors and the data used in determining the qualitative factors. 
 We obtained an understanding of how management developed the estimates and related assumptions, including: 
 Testing completeness and accuracy of key data inputs used in forming assumptions or calculations and testing the reliability of the underlying data on which these factors are based by comparing information to source documents and external information sources as well as evaluating the estimated correlation to potential loss. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the qualitative factors established by management as compared to the underlying internal or external information sources. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 We served as the Company's auditor from 2000 to May 2022. 
 Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 
 March 21, 2022 
 
 35 

Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits with banks Cash and cash equivalents 
 Investment securities available for sale, at fair value Investment securities held to maturity (fair value of at December 31, 
 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Total investment securities Loans, net of unearned income Less: Allowance for loan losses 
 ) ) Net loans 
 Accrued interest receivable Premises and equipment, net Restricted stock Bank owned life insurance (BOLI) Deferred tax asset Other Total Assets 
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Liabilities Deposits 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 Interest-bearing deposits 
 Total deposits 
 FHLBNY borrowings 
 Subordinated debentures 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock, shares authorized, liquidation value Series B non-cumulative convertible; shares and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares; Issued: shares and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury stock, shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, at cost 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 36 

Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Dollars in thousands except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on investments Interest on deposits with banks Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Non-interest income Service fees on deposit accounts Other loan fees Bank owned life insurance income Gain on sale of SBA loans Net gain on OREO Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense Compensation and benefits Professional services Occupancy and equipment Data processing FDIC insurance and other assessments OREO expense Other operating expense Total non-interest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income attributable to Company and noncontrolling interest Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to Company Less: Preferred stock dividend ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Earnings per common share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 37 

Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 For the Year ended December 31 , 
 2022 2021 Dollars in thousands) 
 Net income Unrealized losses on investment securities, net of reclassification into income: Unrealized losses on available for sale securities ) ) Tax impact on unrealized loss Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income attributable to the Company 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 38 

Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands except share data) Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock issued Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders Equity Non-Controlling Interest Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Earnings distribution to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income Stock compensation issued/exercised Preferred stock shares conversion ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Dividend on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividend on common stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Stock compensation issued/exercised Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock compensation expense Dividend on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividend on common stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 39 

Parke Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Provision for loan losses Increase in value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Gain on sale of SBA loans ) ) SBA loans originated for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of SBA loans originated for sale Net gain on OREO ) ) Net accretion of purchase premiums and discounts on securities ) Stock based compensation (Increase) decrease in deferred income tax ) Net changes in: Increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable and other accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Repayments and maturities of investment securities available for sale Repayments and maturities of investment securities held to maturity Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) Net (increase) decrease in loans ) Purchases of bank premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of OREO, net Redemptions of restricted stock Purchases of restricted stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash dividends ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Earnings distribution from non-controlling interest ) Decrease in FHLBNY and short-term borrowings ) ) Increase in FHLBNY and short-term borrowings Net decrease in other borrowed funds ) Net (decrease) increase in noninterest-bearing deposits ) Net increase in interest-bearing deposits Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, January 1, Cash and Cash Equivalents, December 31, Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash Investing and Financing Items Loans transferred to OREO 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 40 

PARKE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 . The Bank is chartered by the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank maintains branch offices with its principal office at 601 Delsea Drive, Sewell, New Jersey, and additional branch office locations; 631 Tilton Road, Northfield, New Jersey, 567 Egg Harbor Road, Washington Township, New Jersey, 67 East Jimmie Leeds Road, Galloway Township, New Jersey, 1150 Haddon Avenue, Collingswood, New Jersey, 1610 Spruce Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and 1032 Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We have reclassified certain prior year amounts to conform to the 2022 presentation, which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. The accounting policies that materially affect the determination of financial position, results of operations and cash flows are summarized below. 
 
 ownership interest in the joint venture. The joint venture was liquidated in 2021. Parke Capital Trust I, Parke Capital Trust II and Parke Capital Trust III are wholly-owned subsidiaries but are not consolidated because they do not meet the requirements for consolidation under applicable accounting guidance. All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

41 

days past due, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection, as required by regulatory provisions. Loans may be placed on non-accrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received in excess of principal due. 

42 

43 

for computers and software, five to for equipment and for buildings. Leasehold improvements are amortized to expense over the shorter of the term of the respective lease or the estimated useful life of the improvements. 

44 

t recognize any interest or penalties related to income tax during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company does t have an accrual for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as deductions taken and benefits accrued are based on widely understood administrative practices and procedures and are based on clear and unambiguous tax law. All years after 2018 are open under the original federal statute of limitations. For state tax returns, the Company is subject to income tax examinations by local tax authorities for years 2019 and after, except for the State of New Jersey which is still subject to income tax examinations for years 2018 and after. 

reportable segment of business, community banking . Through its community banking segment, the Company provides a broad range of retail and community banking services. 

For year 2022 and 2021, we did not reclassify any amounts from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income to income.) ) Tax effect related to the unrealized loss (gain) Accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) 

45 

Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Net income available to common shareholders Dividend on Preferred Series B Net income attributable to diluted common shares Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares Total diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 For 2022 and 2021, there were and weighted average option shares outstanding, respectively, that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because these shares were anti-dilutive. 

and million to the total balance of the allowance for credit losses and an increase of and million related to the allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments. All adjustments will be posted directly to retained earnings at adoption, net of tax. 
 
 ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020.-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . The amendments provide optional guidance to entities for a limited period of time to ease the transition in accounting for and recognizing the effects of reference rate reform on financial reporting. Under the guidance, modifications of contracts due to reference rate reform will not require contract remeasurement or reassessment of a previous accounting determination. For hedge accounting, modification of critical terms of the hedge due to changes in reference rate reform will not affect hedge accounting or dedesignate the hedging relationship. The guidance also provides specific expedients for fair value hedges, cash flow hedges, and excluded components. Further, the guidance provides a none-time election to sell or transfer held to maturity debt 
 46 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 
 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities Total available for sale Held to maturity: States and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Amortized cost Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses Fair value Dollars in thousands) 
 Available for sale: Corporate debt obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage obligations Total available for sale Held to maturity: States and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity 
 
 47 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total available for sale Held to maturity: Due within one year Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total held to maturity 
 
 Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of certain debt securities have the right to call or prepay their obligations without any penalty. 
 
 During the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not sell any investment securities. 
 
 Total available for sale Held to maturity: States and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity 
 
 48 

Total available for sale Held to maturity: States and political subdivisions Residential mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity 
 
 The Company s unrealized loss for the debt securities is comprised of securities in the less than 12 months loss position and securities in the 12 months or greater loss position at December 31, 2022. The mortgage-backed securities that had unrealized losses were issued or guaranteed by the US government or government sponsored entities. The unrealized losses associated with those mortgage-backed securities are generally driven by changes in interest rates and not due to credit losses given the explicit or implicit guarantees provided by the U.S. government. The states and political subdivisions securities that had unrealized losses were issued by a school district, and therefore the loss is attributed to changes in interest rates and not due to credit losses. Additionally, these securities are classified as held to maturity. Because the Company does not intend to sell the securities and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company does not consider the unrealized loss in these securities to be OTTI at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Than Temporarily Impaired Debt Securities (OTTI) 

Note 4. 
 
 billion in loans receivable outstanding. Outstanding balances include a total net increase of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for net deferred loan costs, and unamortized discounts. 
 Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total Loans 

49 

Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total Loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Greater than 90 Days and Not Accruing Total Past Due Current Total Loans Loans > 90 Days and Accruing (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total Loans 
 
 Allowance For Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL) 
 
 We maintain the ALLL at a level that we believe to be appropriate to absorb estimated probable credit losses incurred in the loan portfolios as of the balance sheet date. The Company s accounting policy for ALLL is more fully described in Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

50 

Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credit) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance December 31 2022 Allowance for loan losses Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Balance at December 31, 2022 Loans Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 The decrease in allowance for loan losses for commercial owner occupied is due to improved delinquency metrics. The increase in commercial non-owner occupied, residential 1-4 family, and multifamily is attributed to higher loan balances. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2021 Real Estate Mortgage (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Construction Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total December 31, 2020 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance December 31 2021 Allowance for loan losses Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Balance at December 31, 2021 Loans Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Balance at December 31, 2021 

51 

days past due, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection, as required by regulatory provisions. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received in excess of principal due. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 All our impaired loans are assessed for recoverability based on an independent third-party full appraisal to determine the net realizable value NRV based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, less cost to sell and other costs or the present value of discounted cash flows in the case of certain impaired loans that are not collateral dependent. 
 Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer With an allowance recorded: Commercial and Industrial Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total: Commercial and Industrial Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer 
 52 

Construction: Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer With an allowance recorded: Commercial and Industrial Construction: Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total: Commercial and Industrial Construction: Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer 
 
 53 

Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring (TDRs) 
 
 We reported performing TDR loans (not reported as non-accrual loans) of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Non-performing TDRs were at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were no new loans modified as a TDR and additional commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose loans have been modified in TDRs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 A TDR is a loan the terms of which have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty. TDRs result from our loss mitigation activities that include rate reductions, extension of maturity, or a combination of both, which are intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. TDRs are classified as impaired loans and are included in the impaired loan disclosures. TDRs are also evaluated to determine whether they should be placed on non-accrual status. Once a loan becomes a TDR, it will continue to be reported as a TDR until it is repaid in full, foreclosed, sold or it meets the criteria to be removed from TDR status. 
 
 At the time a loan is modified in a TDR, we consider the following factors to determine whether the loan should accrue interest: 
 
 Whether there is a period of current payment history under the current terms, typically months; 
 Whether the loan is current at the time of restructuring; and 
 Whether we expect the loan to continue to perform under the restructured terms with a debt coverage ratio that complies with the Bank s credit underwriting policy of times debt service. 
 
 TDRs are generally included in nonaccrual loans and may return to performing status after a minimum of consecutive monthly payments under restructured terms and also meeting other performance indicators. We review the financial performance of the borrower over the past year to be reasonably assured of repayment and performance according to the modified terms. This review consists of an analysis of the borrower s historical results; the borrower s projected results over the next four quarters; and current financial information of the borrower and any guarantors. The projected repayment source needs to be reliable, verifiable, quantifiable and sustainable. At the time of restructuring, the amount of the loan principal for which we are not reasonably assured of repayment is charged-off, but not forgiven. 
 
 All TDRs are also reviewed quarterly to determine the amount of any impairment. The nature and extent of impairment of TDRs, including those that have experienced a subsequent default, is considered in the determination of an appropriate level of allowance for loan losses. For the TDR loans, we had specific reserves of and in the allowance at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Some loan modifications classified as TDRs may not ultimately result in the full collection of principal and interest, as modified, and result in potential incremental losses. These potential incremental losses have been factored into our overall allowance for loan losses estimate. 

54 

55 

Construction Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total 
 At December 31, 2021 Pass OAEM Substandard Doubtful Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Construction: Real Estate Mortgage: Commercial Owner Occupied Commercial Non-owner Occupied Residential 1 to 4 Family Residential Multifamily Consumer Total 
 
 Loans to Related Parties : In the normal course of business, the Company has granted loans to its executive officers, directors and their affiliates (related parties). All loans to related parties were made in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Advances Less: repayments ) Balance, end of year 
 
 Pledged Loans: At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, of unpaid principal balance of loans were pledged to the FHLBNY on borrowings (Note 7). This pledge consists of a blanket lien on residential mortgages and certain qualifying commercial real estate loans. 

56 

Note 5. 
 
 million, compared to million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of . The OREO balances for 2022 and 2021 are included in the other assets in the balance sheets. The real estate owned at December 31, 2022, consisted of properties. During 2022, the Company disposed of million of OREO, recognizing a gain of , compared to of OREO sold in 2021, recognizing a gain of . The Company did t write-down any OREO property during 2022 or 2021. Operating expenses related to OREO, net of related income, for 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively. 
 
 Real estate acquired in settlement of loans Sales of OREO, net ) ) Valuation adjustments Balance at end of period 

Note 6. 
 
 NOWs Money market deposits Savings deposits Time deposits over 250,000 Other time deposits Brokered time deposits Total deposits 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 

57 

Money market deposits Savings deposits Time deposits Brokered time deposits Total 

Note 7. 
 
 One to three years Total Subordinated debentures, capital trusts November 2035 November 2035 September 2037 Total Subordinated debentures notes, net July 15, 2030 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had a million line of credit from the FHLBNY, of which million, as detailed above, was outstanding, million was a letter of credit to secure public deposits, and million was unused. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures Capital Trusts : On August 23, 2005, Parke Capital Trust I, a Delaware statutory business trust and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. The variable interest rate re-prices quarterly at the three-month LIBOR plus and was at December 31, 2022. Parke Capital Trust I purchased of variable rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures from the Company. The debentures are the sole asset of the Trust. The terms of the junior subordinated debentures are the same as the terms of the capital securities. The Company has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations of the Trust under the capital securities. The capital securities are redeemable by the Company on or after November 23, 2010, at par. The capital securities must be redeemed upon final maturity of the subordinated debentures on November 23, 2035. Proceeds of approximately million were contributed to paid-in capital at the Bank. The remaining was retained at the Company for future use. 
 
 On August 23, 2005, Parke Capital Trust II, a Delaware statutory business trust and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued of fixed/variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. Currently, the interest rate is variable at . The variable interest rate re-prices quarterly at the three-month LIBOR plus beginning November 23, 2010. Parke Capital Trust II purchased of variable rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures from the Company. The debentures are the sole asset of the Trust. The terms of the junior subordinated debentures are the same as the terms of the capital securities. The Company has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations of the Trust under the capital securities. The capital securities are redeemable by the Company on or after November 23, 2010, at par. The capital securities must be redeemed upon final maturity of the subordinated debentures on November 23, 2035. Proceeds of 
 58 

million were contributed to paid-in capital at the Bank. The remaining was retained at the Company for future use. 
 
 On June 21, 2007, Parke Capital Trust III, a Delaware statutory business trust and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, issued of variable rate capital trust pass-through securities to investors. The variable interest rate re-prices quarterly at the three-month LIBOR plus and was at December 31, 2022. Parke Capital Trust III purchased of variable rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures from the Company. The debentures are the sole asset of the Trust. The terms of the junior subordinated debentures are the same as the terms of the capital securities. The Company has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligations of the Trust under the capital securities. The capital securities are redeemable by the Company on or after December 15, 2012, at par. The capital securities must be redeemed upon final maturity of the subordinated debentures on September 15, 2037. The proceeds were contributed to paid-in capital at the Bank. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures Notes : On July 15, 2020, Parke Bancorp, Inc. (the Company issued and sold million in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the Notes to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors (the Purchasers ). The Notes were offered and sold by the Company to eligible purchasers in a private offering in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the provisions of Regulation D promulgated thereunder (the Private Placement ). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. The Notes have a term and, from and including the date of issuance to but excluding July 15, 2025, will bear interest at a fixed annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including July 15, 2025 to but excluding the maturity date or earlier redemption date, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month SOFR (provided, that in the event the three-month SOFR is less than zero, the three-month SOFR will be deemed to be zero) plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option, on any scheduled interest payment date on or after July 15, 2025, and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. Any redemption of the Notes will be subject to prior regulatory approval to the extent required. There were approximately in costs associated with the issuance of this debt. 

Note 8. 
 
 Building and improvements Furniture and equipment Total premises and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 9. 
 
 retail branches and a parcel of land for a retail branch location. These leases generally have remaining terms of years or less except the land lease, which has a remaining lease term of . Some of the leases may include options to renew the leases. The exercise of lease renewal is at our sole discretion. 
 
 Our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases are included in other assets and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We use the interest rate implicit in the lease or incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. At December 31, 2022, we had future minimum lease payments of million and imputed interest of million and lease liability of million. The weighted average remaining lease term was years and weighted average discount rate was at December 31, 2022, respectively. Our operating lease expense is included in 
 59 

Lease liabilities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Impact of present value discount ) 
 
 Note 10. 
 
 per share dividend for the first and second quarters of 2022. The dividend was increased to per share for the third and fourth quarters of 2022. During 2022, the Company paid a total of million in common stock cash dividends. The Company paid a per share quarterly dividend each quarter of 2021. During 2021, the Company paid a total of million in common stock cash dividends. 
 
 The timing and amount of future dividends will be within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the consolidated earnings, financial condition, liquidity, and capital requirements of the Company and its subsidiaries, applicable governmental regulations and policies, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 
 Treasury Stock : treasury stock was repurchased during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Stock Options : After shareholder approval in 2020, the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan became effective. In addition, the Company also has the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ). No future awards are being granted under the 2015 Plan. The 2020 Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of its effective date, after which no awards may be granted. Collectively, the 2015 Plan and the 2020 Plan are referred to as Stock Option Plans. Under the 2020 Plan, the Company may grant options to purchase up to shares of Company's common stock and award up to of restricted stock. At December 31, 2022, there were shares remaining for future option grants, and shares remaining for future restricted stock awards under the plan. 
 
 The Company did t grant any options in 2021. 
 
 During 2022, options to purchase shares of common stock at per share were awarded and will expire no later than following the grant date. The options granted vest over a service period, with of the awards vesting on each anniversary of the date of grant. The fair value of the options granted, as computed using the Black-Sholes option-pricing model, was determined to be per option based upon the following underlying assumptions: a risk-free interest rate, expected option life, expected stock price volatility, and dividend yield of , years, , and . respectively. 
 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield at the option grant date for securities with a term matching the expected life of the options granted. The expected life was calculated using the "simplified" method provided for under Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110. Expected volatility was calculated based upon the actual price history of the Company's common stock up until the date of the option grants. The dividend yield was calculated using the previous four quarter payment history. 
 60 

thousand. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at end of period Non-vested at end of period Exercisable at end of period 

The total amount of compensation cost remaining to be recognized relating to unvested employees and directors option grants as of December 31, 2022 was million. The weighted-average period over which the expense is expected to be recognized is years. At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of options exercisable and all options outstanding was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 The total amount of compensation cost remaining to be recognized relating to unvested option grants as of December 31, 2021 was . The weighted-average period over which the expense is expected to be recognized was years. At December 31, 2021, the intrinsic value of options exercisable and all options outstanding was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 Under the 2020 Plan, the Company was authorized to issue shares of restricted stock upon the grant of awards. All restricted stocks vests over . 
 
 Granted Vested ) Outstanding and unvested at December 31, 2022 
 The Company recognized and compensation costs of the restricted shares during year 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Preferred Stock: In December of 2013, the Company completed a private placement of newly designated Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B, with a liquidation preference of per share. The Company sold shares in the placement for gross proceeds of million. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder into approximately shares of Common Stock at December 31, 2022. There were shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022. Upon full conversion of the outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company will issue approximately shares of Common Stock assuming that the conversion rate does not change. The conversion rate and the total number of shares to be issued would be adjusted for future stock dividends, stock splits and other corporate actions. The conversion rate was set using a conversion price for the common stock of , which 
 61 

over the closing price of the Common Stock on October 10, 2013, the day the Series B Preferred Stock was priced. 
 
 During 2021, preferred stockholders converted shares of preferred shares into shares of common stock, respectively. There were no preferred shares converted to common stock during 2022. 
 
 The Company has recorded dividends on preferred stock in the approximate amount of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company paid quarterly cash dividends of per share on the preferred stock for year 2022. The preferred stock qualifies for and is accounted for as equity securities and is included in the Company s Tier I capital since issued. 

Note 11. 
 
 State Deferred tax (benefit)/expense ) Income tax expense 

62 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP") Deferred Loan Fees Nonaccrued interest Non-qualified stock options and restricted stock Write-down on partnership investment Unrealized loss on securities PPP Deferred Loan Fees Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Depreciation ) ) Partnership income ) ) Unrealized gain ) Deferred loan costs ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Adjustments resulting from: State income taxes, net of Federal tax benefit Non-controlling interest ) Tax exempt income ) ) BOLI ) ) Stock compensation ) ) Nondeductible expenses Nondeductible executive compensation Other 
 
 Management has evaluated the Company s tax positions and concluded that the Company has taken no uncertain tax positions that require adjustments to the financial statements. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by federal and local tax authorities for years before 2019, and by the State of New Jersey for years before 2018. The Company is still subject to examination for 2019 and after. 
 
 million on income before taxes of million on for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in an effective tax rate of , compared to income tax expense of million on income before taxes of million for the same period of 2021, resulting in an effective tax rate of . 
 
 63 

Note 12. 
 
 in 2022 and benefit was approximately in 2021. The unfunded benefit obligation, which was included in other liabilities, was approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Service cost/(benefit) ) Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Accrued liability at December 31 
 
 ) Interest cost ) 
 
 The service cost (benefit) for 2022 and 2021 are included in the compensation cost in the income statement. The discount rate used in determining the actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligation was for 2022 and 2021. Annual benefit payments are estimated at for 2023, for 2024, for 2025, for 2026, for 2027 and million thereafter. 
 
 The Company has a 401(k) Plan covering substantially all employees. Under the Plan, the Company is required to contribute of all qualifying employees eligible salary to the Plan. The Plan expense in 2022 was and in 2021. 

Note 13. 

64 

Tier 1 risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage Tier 1 common equity Parke Bank Community Bank Leverage Ratio 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purpose Company Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands except ratios) Total risk-based capital Tier 1 risk-based capital Tier 1 leverage Tier 1 common equity Parke Bank Community Bank Leverage Ratio 
 
 Combination of both community bank leverage approach and the regular rule of capital adequacy. 
 65 

Note 14. 
 
 million in 2022 and million in 2021. 

Note 15. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, standby letters of credit with customers were million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company also has entered into an employment contract with the President of the Company, which provides for continued payment of certain employment salary and benefits prior to the expiration date of the agreement and in the event of a change in control, as defined. The Company has also entered into Change-in-Control Severance Agreements with certain officers which provide for the payment of severance in certain circumstances following a change in control. 
 
 We provide banking services to customers that are licensed by various States to do business in the cannabis industry as growers, processors and dispensaries. Cannabis businesses are legal in these States, although it is not legal at the federal level. The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN published guidelines in 2014 for financial institutions servicing state legal cannabis businesses. A financial institution that provides services to cannabis-related businesses can comply with Bank Secrecy Act BSA disclosure standards by following the FinCEN guidelines. We maintain stringent written policies and procedures related to the acceptance of such businesses and to the monitoring and maintenance of such business accounts. We conduct a significant due diligence review of the cannabis business before the business is accepted, including confirmation that the business is properly licensed by the applicable state. Throughout the relationship, we continue monitoring the business, including site visits, to ensure that the business continues to meet our stringent requirements, including maintenance of required licenses and periodic financial reviews of the business. 
 While we believe we are operating in compliance with the FinCEN guidelines, there can be no assurance that federal enforcement guidelines will not change. Federal prosecutors have significant discretion and there can be no assurance that the federal prosecutors will not choose to strictly enforce the federal laws governing cannabis. Any change in the Federal government s enforcement position, could cause us to immediately cease providing banking services to the cannabis industry. 
 66 

million and million, or and of total deposits, respectively, with two customers accounting for and of the total at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were cannabis-related loans in the amounts of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Armored Car Matter 
 
 An armored car company used by the Bank to transport and store cash for the Bank s cannabis-related customers, has informed the Company that some of the cash stored for the Bank is missing from its vault and is presumed to have been stolen. The amount that the Bank had recorded as being held at the armored car company's facility on the last day that records were provided was million. There is not enough information to determine the exact amount of the potential loss, if any, as well as the amount that could be recovered. The Bank is working with relevant state and federal law enforcement authorities to investigate this matter as well as pursuing judicial avenues of recovery. The Bank is pursuing various avenues of recovery that it may have, including, among others, possible insurance claims. If it is ultimately determined that a loss is probable and estimable, we will record the loss in the appropriate fiscal period. If we are successful in making recoveries, we will record the recoveries in the period received, or when the receipt of such recoveries becomes certain. 
 
 Absecon Gardens Condominium Association v. Parke Bank Matter 
 
 Absecon Gardens Condominium Association v. Parke Bank, One Mechanic Street, et al, Superior Court of New Jersey, Law Division, Atlantic County, Docket No. ATL-L-2321-21. The Company is the successor to the interests of the developer of the Absecon Gardens Condominium project in Absecon NJ. Some of the unit owners have suggested that the Company is responsible for contributions and/or repair for alleged damages purportedly relating to construction. The owners filed a Complaint, alleging that the damages total approximately million. The matter is in the early stages of discovery so it is difficult to determine whether that amount accurately reflects the claimed damages, or whether the Company is in any way culpable for the damages. At this time it is too early to predict whether an unfavorable outcome will result. The Company is vigorously defending this matter. 
 
 In the normal course of business, there are outstanding various contingent liabilities such as claims and legal action, which are not reflected in the financial statements. In the opinion of management, no material losses are anticipated as a result of these actions or claims. 

Note 16. 
 
 67 

Residential mortgage-backed securities Total As of December 31, 2021 Corporate debt obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Collateralized mortgage-backed securities Total 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no transfers between the levels within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 There were no level 3 assets or liabilities held for the year ended at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 68 

OREO As of December 31, 2021 Collateral dependent impaired loans OREO 
 
 All collateral dependent impaired loans have an independent third-party full appraisal to determine the NRV based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, less cost to sell (a range of to and other costs, such as unpaid real estate taxes, that have been identified. The appraisal will be based on an "as-is" valuation and will follow a reasonable valuation method that addresses the direct sales comparison, income, and cost approaches to market value, reconciles those approaches, and explains the elimination of each approach not used. Appraisals are updated every 12 months or sooner if we have identified possible further deterioration in value. 
 
 OREO consists of real estate properties which are recorded at fair value. All properties have an independent third-party full appraisal to determine the fair value, less cost to sell (a range of to and other costs, such as unpaid real estate taxes, that have been identified. The appraisal will be based on an "as-is" valuation and will follow a reasonable valuation method that addresses the direct sales comparison, income, and cost approaches to market value, reconciles those approaches, and explains the elimination of each approach not used. Appraisals are updated every 12 months or sooner if we have identified possible further deterioration in value. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The Company discloses estimated fair values for its significant financial instruments in accordance with FASB ASC (Topic 825), Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments . The methodologies for estimating the fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis are discussed above. The methodologies for estimating the fair value of other financial assets and liabilities are discussed below. 
 
 For certain financial assets and liabilities, carrying value approximates fair value due to the nature of the financial instrument. These instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accrued interest receivable, demand and other non-maturity deposits and accrued interest payable. 
 
 The Company used the following methods and assumptions in estimating the fair value of the following financial instruments: 
 
 Investment Securities: Fair value of securities available for sale is described above. Fair value of held to maturity securities is based upon quoted market prices for identical or similar assets. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale: Fair value represents the face value of the guaranteed portion of SBA loans pending settlement. 
 
 Loans Receivable: For residential mortgages loans, fair value is estimated using the quoted market prices for securities backed by similar loans, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. The fair value of other types of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the risk adjusting current interest rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and same remaining maturities, adjusted for the liquidity discount and underwriting uncertainty. 
 
 Restricted stock: Carrying value of FHLBNY and the Atlantic Central Bankers Bank stocks represent the par values of the stocks and is adjusted for impairments if any. The carrying value approximated fair value. 
 
 69 

Investment securities AFS Investment securities HTM Restricted stock Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Non-time deposits Time deposits Borrowings Accrued interest payable 
 December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Fair Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (Dollars in thousands) Financial Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities AFS Investment securities HTM Restricted stock Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Non-time deposits Time deposits Borrowings Accrued interest payable 
 70 

Note 17. 
 
 Investments in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity: Subordinated debentures Other liabilities Equity Total liabilities and equity Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Income: Dividends from bank subsidiary Total income Expense: Interest on subordinated debentures Salary Other expenses Total expenses Net Income Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income Preferred stock dividend and discount accretion ) ) Net income available to common shareholders 1 
 
 71 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Amortization of subordinate debt issuance costs Changes in (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase in accrued interest payable and other accrued liabilities Other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of dividend on preferred stock and common stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, January 1, Cash and Cash Equivalents, December 31, 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Based on their evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K such disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 (b) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 1. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 
 Management s report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting appears in the Company s financial statements that are contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K immediately following Item 8. Such report is incorporated herein by reference. 

2. Changes in Internal control over financial reporting 
 
 During the last quarter of the year under report, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 72 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The information contained under the headings Proposal I - Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be furnished without charge upon written request to the Chief Financial Officer, Parke Bancorp, Inc., 601 Delsea Drive, Washington Township, New Jersey, 08080. 
 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Registrant s Board of Directors since the date of the Registrant s last proxy statement mailed to its stockholders. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information contained in the sections captioned Executive Compensation, and Director Compensation, in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 (a) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 
 The information contained in the section captioned Principal Holders of our Common Stock in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (b) Security Ownership of Management 
 
 The information contained in the sections captioned Principal Holders of our Common Stock and Proposal I Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (c) Management of the Registrant knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Registrant, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Registrant. 
 
 (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Set forth below is information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. 
 73 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 a 
 Number of Securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options 
 b 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options 
 c 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 issuance under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities reflected 
 in column (a)) 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 466,000 16.27 469,000 2015 Equity incentive plan 
 223,127 15.23 223,127 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders None Total 
 689,127 15.93 692,127 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information contained in the sections captioned Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The information contained in the section captioned Independent Auditors in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Listed below are all financial statements, schedules and exhibits filed as part of this Form 10-K: 1 The consolidated balance sheets of Parke Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, together with the related notes and the independent registered public accounting firm reports of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C., independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: ). 
 2 Schedules omitted as they are not applicable. 3 The following exhibits are included in this Report or incorporated herein by reference: 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Parke Bancorp, Inc. (1) 
 3.2 Bylaws of Parke Bancorp, Inc. (7) 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment setting forth the terms of the Registrant s 6.00 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B (2) 
 4.1 Specimen stock certificate of Parke Bancorp, Inc. (1) 
 4.2 Description of Capital Stock of Parke Bancorp, Inc. (7) 
 10.1 Amended Employment Agreement Between Bancorp, Bank and Vito S. Pantilione (3) 
 10.2 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (1) 
 10.7 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (4) 
 10.9 Management Change in Control Severance Agreement with Nicholas J. Pantilione 
 10.12 Management Change in Control Severance Agreement with Paul Palmieri (3) 
 10.13 Management Change in Control Severance Agreement with Ralph Gallo (3) 
 10.14 Management Change in Control Severance Agreement with John S. Kaufman (7) 
 10.15 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (6) 
 
 74 

21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 
 23.2 Consent of RSM US LLP 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 Consent Order with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation dated October 8, 2020 (6) 
 99.2 Consent Order with the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (6) 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded with the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (1) Incorporated by Reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on January 31, 2005 (File No. 333-122406). (2) Incorporated by Reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 24, 2013 (File No. 000-51338). (3) Incorporated by Reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2016 (File No. 000-51338). (4) Incorporated by Reference to Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 16, 2015 (File No. 333-208051). (5) Incorporated by Reference to Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020 (File No. 000-51338). (6) Incorporated by Reference to Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2020 (File No. 000-51338). (7) Incorporated by Reference to Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-51338). 

75 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PARKE BANCORP, INC. 
 Dated: March 15, 2023 
 /s/ Vito S. Pantilione By: 
 Vito S. Pantilione 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 15, 2023. 
 /s/ Daniel J. Dalton /s/ Vito S. Pantilione Daniel J. Dalton Vito S. Pantilione 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 /s/ Arret F. Dobson /s/ Anthony Jannetti Arret F. Dobson 
 Anthony Jannetti 
 Director 
 Director 
 /s/ Jack C. Sheppard, Jr. /s/ Fred G. Choate Jack C. Sheppard, Jr. 
 Fred G. Choate Director 
 Director 
 /s/ Jeffrey H. Kripitz /s/ Edward Infantolino Jeffrey H. Kripitz Edward Infantolino 
 
 Director 
 Director 
 /s/ John S. Kaufman /s/ Elizabeth Milavsky John S. Kaufman 
 Elizabeth Milavsky 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 76 

<EX-99.1>
 2
 a2022consentofindependentr.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-146121 and No. 333-157631) and Form S-8 (No. 333-128202, No. 333-134249 and No. 333-208051) of Parke Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated March 21, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Parke Bancorp, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Parke Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s RSM US LLP 
 
 Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 3
 pkbk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 pkbk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 pkbk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 pkbk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 pkbk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-21>
 8
 pkbk-q4x12312022ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Parent 
 
 Parke Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction Percentage Subsidiary Of Incorporation Ownership Parke Bank New Jersey 100 Parke Capital Trust I Delaware 100 Parke Capital Trust II Delaware 100 Parke Capital Trust III Delaware 100 Subsidiaries of Parke Bank 100 PDL LLC New Jersey 51 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 pkbk-q4x12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Vito S. Pantilione, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Parke Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 s Vito S. Pantilione Vito S. Pantilione President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 pkbk-q4x12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, John S. Kaufman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Parke Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 15, 2023 s John S. Kaufman John S. Kaufman Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 pkbk-q4x12312022ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Parke Bancorp, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, we, Vito S. Pantilione, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John S. Kaufman, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Vito S. Pantilione s John S. Kaufman Vito S. Pantilione John S. Kaufman President and Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.2>
 12
 a2022consentofindependentra.htm
 EX-99.2

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-128202, File 
 No. 333-134249, and File No. 33-208051 on Form S-8 and the Registration Statements No. 333- 
 146121 and No. 333-157631 on Form S-3 of Parke Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated 
 March 15, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements and internal control 
 over financial reporting, which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated 
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Parke Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s S.R. Snodgrass, P.C. 
 
 Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 
 March 15, 2023 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 13
 cicseveranceagreementnickp.htm
 EX-99.3

Document 

MANAGEMENT CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 

THIS MANAGEMENT CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on and as of this ___ day of June, 2021 Effective Date ), by and between Parke Bancorp, Inc. Company ), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New Jersey which serves as a bank holding company, with its principal office at 601 Delsea Drive, Sewell, New Jersey 08080, Parke Bank Bank ), a banking corporation organized under the laws of the State of New Jersey, with its principal office at 601 Delsea Drive, Sewell, New Jersey 08080, and Nicholas J. Pantilione Executive ). 
 
 BACKGROUND 
 
 A. The Executive is, as of the Effective Date, employed by the Company and the Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as Senior Vice President and Chief Loan Officer (the Position ). 
 
 B. The Board of Directors of the Bank Board of Directors of the Bank believes that the Executive has worked, and will continue to work, diligently in the Position in pursuing the Bank s business objectives to the direct benefit of the Company and its shareholders. 
 
 C. The Board of Directors of the Company Board of Directors of the Company believes that if the Company receives a proposal from a third-party concerning a possible business combination with, or the acquisition of equity securities of, the Company (each, a Proposal ), it is imperative that the Company, the Board of Directors of the Bank, and the Board of Directors of the Company be able to rely upon the Executive to continue in the Position with the Company and the Bank, and that the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of the Bank be able to receive and rely upon the Executive s advice, if it requests it, as to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, without concern that the Executive might be distracted by the personal uncertainties and risks created by the Proposal. 
 
 D. The Company, the Bank and the Executive (collectively, the Parties have, with the full support and concurrence of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of 
 Directors of the Bank (each, a Board and collectively, the Boards ), have agreed to enter into this Agreement to provide to the Executive certain benefits solely in the event of a Change in Control (as hereinafter defined). 
 
 E. The terms of this Agreement shall have no force or effect except in the event of a Change in Control. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in order to assure the Company and the Bank that they will 
 receive the Executive s continued dedication, availability, advice and contribution, 

notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of a Change in Control, and to induce the Executive to remain in the Employers respective employ in the event of a Change in Control, the Parties, each intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions. 
 
 a. Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause, with respect to termination of the 
 Executive's employment by either Employer, shall mean 
 
 1) Executive s willful and continued failure to perform Executive s duties for 
 either Employer under this Agreement after at least one written warning from 
 the Employer s President and or Chief Executive Officer identifying such 
 failure and providing the Executive with at least a ten-day period to cure such 
 failure 
 
 2) Executive engaged in conduct involving fraud, deceit, personal dishonesty, 
 breach of fiduciary duty or illegal conduct in the Executive s business and or 
 personal matters 
 
 3) Executive s willful misconduct, including but not limited to disclosing or 
 improperly using any material, non-public, business-related information, 
 written or oral, whether or not it is marked as such, that is disclosed or made 
 available to the Executive, directly or indirectly, through any means of 
 communication or observation, including any proprietary data of the 
 Company, the Bank or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates 
 (collectively, Confidential Information under this Agreement, which causes 
 material injury to the Employer and or its respective subsidiaries and or 
 affiliates, as specified in a written notice to the Executive from the President 
 and or Chief Executive Officer of either Employer 
 
 4) Executive's conviction of a crime (other than a traffic violation) 
 
 5) Executive shall have become subject to continuing intemperance in using 
 alcohol or drugs which adversely affected, or may adversely affect, the 
 business or reputation of either or both Employers, as determined by either or 
 both of the Boards or the President and or Chief Executive Officer of either or 
 both Employers 
 
 6) The Executive s violation of any banking law or regulation, memorandum 
 of understanding, cease and desist order, or other agreement with any banking 
 agency having jurisdiction over either or both Employers which, in the 
 judgment of either or both of the Boards or the President and or Chief 
 Executive Officer of either or both Employers, adversely affected, or may 
 adversely affect, the business or reputation of either or both Employers 

including, without limitation, any consent agreement, consent order or consent 
 decree 
 
 7) Any petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency 
 laws filed by the Executive or against the Executive or 
 
 8) Initiation of any proceeding for removal of the Executive by any banking 
 authority that possesses supervisory jurisdiction over either or both 
 Employers. 
 
 b. Change in Control. Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the 
 following events 
 
 1) Merger The Company or the Bank merges into or consolidates with 
 another entity, or merges another bank or corporation into the Bank or the 
 Company, and as a result, less than a majority of the combined voting power 
 of the resulting corporation immediately after the merger or consolidation is 
 held by persons who were stockholders of the Company or the Bank 
 immediately before the merger or consolidation 
 
 2) Acquisition of Significant Share Ownership A report on Schedule 13D or 
 another form or schedule (other than Schedule 13G) is required to be filed 
 under Sections 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
 amended, if the schedule discloses that the filing person or persons acting in 
 concert has or have become the beneficial owner of twenty-five (25 percent 
 or more of a class of the Company's or the Bank's voting securities provided, 
 however, this Section 1(b)(2) shall not apply to beneficial ownership of the 
 Company s or the Bank s voting shares held in a fiduciary capacity by an 
 entity of which the Company directly or indirectly beneficially owns fifty 
 (50 percent or more of its outstanding voting securities 
 
 3) Change in Board Composition Individuals who constitute the respective 
 Boards on the Effective Date (collectively, the Incumbent Boards cease for 
 any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any person 
 becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election was 
 approved by a vote of at least three-quarters of the directors comprising the 
 Incumbent Boards shall be considered, for purposes of this Section 1(b)(3), as 
 though that individual was a member of the Incumbent Boards or 
 
 4) Sale of Assets The Company and or the Bank sells all or substantially all 
 of its respective assets to a third party. 
 The definition of Change in Control shall be construed to be consistent with the requirements of 
 Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

c. Contract Period. Contract Period shall mean the period commencing on the 
 business day immediately preceding a Change in Control and ending on the earlier of 
 (i) the second anniversary of the Change in Control, or (ii) the Executive s death. A 
 business day is defined to mean any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, or any 
 day which is a federal legal holiday or any day on which banking institutions are 
 closed. 
 
 d. Employer. Employer shall mean the Company and or the Bank, whichever 
 entity that shall employ the Executive from time to time, and any successor entity 
 thereto and collectively, the Employers. 
 
 e. Good Reason. When used with reference to the Executive s voluntary termination of 
 Executive s employment with the Employer, Good Reason shall mean any of the 
 following, if taken without the Executive s written consent 
 
 1) A material diminution in the Executive's base compensation 
 during the Contract Period 
 
 2) a material diminution in the Executive's authority, duties, or 
 responsibilities during the Contact Period 
 
 3) A material diminution in the budget over which the Executive 
 retains authority, to the extent that the Executive retains authority over 
 either or both Employer s budgets 
 
 4) a change in the geographic location of the Executive's office 
 location by more than 25 miles during the Contract Period or 
 
 5) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of an 
 agreement under which the Executive provides services to either or both 
 Employers. 
 
 f. Term. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth herein, this Agreement shall commence on the 
 Effective Date and shall continue for a period of two (2) consecutive years 
 thereafter (the Term or until the end of the Contract Period, whichever is later. 
 The Term shall be automatically extended for an additional one (1) year period on 
 each annual anniversary date of the Effective Date (each, a Renewal Term ), 
 unless either or both of the Boards respective directors vote not to extend the 
 Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, prior to the annual anniversary date of the 
 applicable Term or Renewal Term. The Executive shall be notified of the nonextension of a Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, within a reasonable period 
 of time thereafter. 

2. Employment. The Employers, as applicable, hereby agree to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment, during the Contract Period upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Employers may, in the exercise of their sole discretion, transfer the Executive's employment relationship from the Bank to the 
 Company, or from the Company to the Bank, in which case the transferee Employer shall be the Employer for all purposes of this Agreement. The transfer of the Executive's 
 employment relationship between the Bank and the Company shall not be deemed to be a termination of the Executive or Good Reason for any purpose of this Agreement, and the Executive's employment shall be deemed to have continued without interruption for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 3. Job Position. During the Contract Period, the Executive shall be employed in the 
 Position with the Company and or the Bank, or such other corporate or divisional profit 
 center as shall then be the principal successor to the business, assets and properties of the Bank, with a comparable position title and comparable professional job duties, 
 responsibilities and required experience and skill level as were in effect before the 
 Change in Control. The Executive shall devote the Executive s full-time professional 
 effort and attention to the respective Employer s business and shall not, during the 
 Contract Period, be engaged in any other business activity without the written consent of the Employer, which may be withheld for any reason or no reason. 
 
 4. Cash Compensation. The Employer shall compensate the Executive for the Executive s services during the Contract Period as follows 
 
 a. Base Compensation. The base compensation shall be equal to not less than such 
 annual compensation, including both salary and bonus, as was paid to or accrued 
 by, or for the benefit of, the Executive in the twelve (12) months immediately 
 prior to the Change in Control. The annual salary portion of base compensation 
 shall be payable in installments in accordance with the Employer's usual payroll 
 method immediately prior to the Change in Control. The bonus, if any, shall be 
 payable at the time and in the manner as to which the Employer paid such bonuses 
 prior to the Change in Control. Any increase in the Executive's annual 
 compensation pursuant to Section 4(b), or otherwise, shall automatically increase 
 the base compensation. 
 
 b. Annual Increase. During the Contract Period, either Board shall review, no less 
 than annually, the Executive's compensation and shall award the Executive 
 additional compensation to reflect the Executive's performance, as determined in 
 the discretion of the applicable Board. 
 Additional compensation may take any form, as determined by either Board, including but not limited to increases in annual salary, incentive bonuses and or bonuses not tied to performance. 
 
 5. Expenses and Fringe Benefits. During the Contract Period, the Executive shall be 

entitled to reimbursement for all business expenses incurred by the Executive with 
 respect to the business of the Employer in the same manner and to the same extent as 
 such expenses were previously reimbursed to the Executive immediately prior to the 
 Change in Control. If prior to the Change in Control, the Executive was entitled to the 
 use of an automobile, the Executive shall continue to be entitled to the same use of an 
 automobile at least comparable to the automobile provided to the Executive prior to the 
 Change in Control, and the Executive shall be entitled to vacation leave and sick days, 
 in accordance with the practices and procedures of the Employer, as such existed 
 immediately prior to the Change in Control. During the Contract Period, the 
 Executive also shall be entitled to hospital, health, medical and life insurance, and any 
 other material benefits enjoyed, from time to time, by executive officers of the 
 Employer, all upon terms as favorable as those enjoyed by other executive officers 
 of the Employer. Notwithstanding anything in this section to the contrary, if the 
 Employer adopts any change in the expenses allowed to, or fringe benefits provided 
 for, executive officers of the Employer, and such policy is uniformly applied to all 
 executive officers of the Employer, and any successor or acquirer of the Employer, if 
 any, including the Chief Executive Officer of such entities, then no such change in 
 policy shall be deemed to be a violation of this provision. 
 
 6. Disability. During the Contract Period, if the Executive becomes disabled within the 
 meaning of the Social Security Act, the Employer may terminate the Executive s 
 employment in which event, the Executive shall not be entitled to any further benefits 
 under this Agreement other than payments under any disability policy which the 
 Employer may maintain that covers the Executive. 
 
 7. Death Benefits. If the Executive passes away during the Contract Period, the Executive shall be entitled to the benefits of any life insurance policy or supplemental executive retirement plan paid for, or maintained by, the Employer on the life of the Executive. The Executive s estate shall not be entitled to any further benefits under this Agreement. 
 
 8. Termination without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason. 
 
 a. The Employer may terminate the Executive without Cause during the Contract 
 Period by providing the Executive four weeks written notice prior to terminating 
 the Executive. During the Contract Period, the Executive may resign within ninety 
 (90) days following the initial occurrence of a condition constituting a Good 
 Reason upon giving four weeks' prior written notice to the Employer specifying 
 the condition constituting Good Reason. The date of termination of employment 
 for Good Reason shall be no later than twenty-four months following 
 commencement of the Contract Period. If the Employer terminates the 
 Executive's employment during the Contract Period without Cause or if the 
 Executive resigns for Good Reason, the Employer shall, upon such termination 
 of employment, pay the Executive a lump sum amount equal to 1.5 times the 
 average of the annualized compensation, comprised of annualized salary and 

cash incentive or bonus compensation, paid or accrued to the Executive during 
 the thirty-six month period (or such lesser number of months of actual 
 employment) immediately prior to the Change in Control (the Lump Sum 
 Payment ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any notice of resignation for Good 
 Reason during the Contract Period furnished by the Executive to the Employer 
 shall not be effective prior to the date that is three months following the date of 
 the Change in Control, and the Executive shall continue to work through such 
 three-month period, unless the Employer shall agree in writing to an earlier 
 effective date of such resignation. 
 
 b. For a period of eighteen (18) months following the effective date of the 
 Executive s termination of employment following a Change in Control, whether 
 resulting from Cause initiated by the Employer or for Good Reason initiated by 
 the Executive, the Employer shall continue to provide the Executive with and pay 
 the applicable premiums for medical and hospital insurance, disability insurance 
 and life insurance benefits, as were provided and paid for at the time of the 
 Executive s termination of employment with the Employer provided that, if at 
 any time during such eighteen (18) month period, the Executive becomes 
 employed by another employer which provides one or more such benefits, the 
 Employer shall, immediately, and from the date when such benefits are made 
 available to the Executive by the successor employer, be relieved of its obligation 
 to provide such benefits. 
 
 c. At all times, during the Contract Period, the Employer shall have the right to 
 terminate the Executive for Cause, upon written notice to the Executive of the 
 Executive s termination, which notice shall specify the reasons for the 
 termination. In the event of the Executive s termination for Cause, the Executive 
 shall not be entitled to any further benefits under this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive delivers written notice to the Employer of the Executive s termination of employment for Good Reason, the Employer shall have a period of thirty (30) calendar days during which the Employer may remedy the condition constituting Good Reason and if such condition is remedied, the Employer shall not be required to pay the amount due to the Executive under this Section 8 and such termination of employment shall not 
 be effective. 
 
 9. Resignation without Good Reason. The Executive shall be entitled to resign from the 
 Employer s employ at any time during the Contract Period without Good Reason, but 
 upon such resignation, the Executive shall not be entitled to any additional compensation for the time after which the Executive ceases to be employed by the Employer, and shall not be entitled to any other benefit provided for herein, except as may otherwise be provided by the terms of such other plans or arrangements of the Employer or in accordance with applicable law. No such resignation shall be effective unless in writing with four weeks' notice prior to such resignation provided to the Employer. 

10. Restrictions and Limitations on Executive Conduct. 
 
 a. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information. Except in the course of the 
 Executive s employment with the Employer and in pursuit of the business of the 
 Company, the Bank or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates, the 
 Executive shall not, at any time during or following the Contract Period, disclose 
 or use for any purpose any Confidential Information. The Executive agrees that, 
 among other things, all information concerning the identity of, and the Company's 
 and the Bank's relations with, their respective customers is confidential and 
 proprietary information. 
 
 b. Covenant Not to Compete. The Executive agrees that for a period of twelve (12) 
 months following termination of Executive s employment by the Employer in 
 conjunction with or after a Change in Control, the Executive shall not become 
 employed or retained by, directly or indirectly, any Federal Deposit Insurance 
 Corporation FDIC insured depository institution whereby the Executive shall 
 have a new work location that is within 15 miles of any branch or office of the 
 Bank in existence as of the date of the Change in Control. The Executive 
 acknowledges that the terms and conditions of this restrictive covenant are 
 reasonable and necessary to protect the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliates, 
 and any successors in interest (collectively, the Companies ), and that the 
 Employer's tender of compensation under this Agreement is fair, adequate and 
 valid consideration in exchange for the Executive s promises and restrictions 
 under this Section 10(b). The Executive further acknowledges that the Executive s 
 knowledge, skills and abilities are sufficient to permit the Executive to earn a 
 satisfactory livelihood without violating the provisions of this Section 10(b). 
 
 c. Non-Solicitation of Business. The Executive agrees that for a period of one (1) 
 year following termination of Executive s employment with Employer in 
 conjunction with or after a Change in Control, the Executive shall not contact 
 (with a view toward selling any product or service competitive with any product 
 or service sold or proposed to be sold by the Companies) any person, firm, 
 association or corporation (i) to which the Companies sell any product or service, 
 (ii) which the Executive solicited, contacted or otherwise dealt with on behalf of 
 the Companies, or (iii) which the Executive is otherwise aware is a client, or could 
 be a potential customer, of one or all of the Companies. During such one-year 
 period, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly make any such contact, either 
 for Executive s own benefit or for the benefit of any other person, firm, 
 association, or corporation. 
 
 d. Non-Solicitation of Employees. The Executive agrees that for a period of one (1) 
 year following termination of Executive s employment with the Employer in 
 conjunction with or after a Change in Control, the Executive shall not contact, on 
 the Executive s own behalf, or on behalf of others, employ, solicit, or induce, or 

attempt to employ, solicit or induce, any employee of any of the Companies for 
 purposes of employment or other business relationships with any other business 
 entity, nor will the Executive directly or indirectly, on the Executive's behalf or 
 for others, seek to influence any Companies' employee to leave any of the 
 respective Companies employ. 
 
 e. Specific Performance and Survival. The Executive agrees that the Company and 
 the Bank do not have an adequate remedy at law for breach of this Section 10 and 
 agrees that the Executive shall be subject to injunctive relief and equitable 
 remedies as a result of any breach of this Section 10. This Section 10 shall survive 
 the termination or resignation of the Executive's employment with the Employer 
 during the Contract Period for any reason and the expiration of this Agreement. 
 
 f. No Effect Prior to Change in Control. This Agreement shall not, in any 
 respect, affect any rights of the Employer or the Executive prior to a Change in 
 Control, nor shall this Agreement affect or limit any rights of the Executive 
 granted in accordance with any other agreement, plan or arrangement. The 
 rights, duties and benefits provided hereunder shall only become effective upon 
 the occurrence of a Change in Control, as defined in this Agreement. If the 
 employment of the Executive is terminated by the Employer for any reason in 
 good faith prior to a Change in Control, this Agreement shall thereafter be of 
 no further force and effect. 
 
 11. Limitations under Section 280G. Notwithstanding the forgoing, all sums payable 
 hereunder shall be reduced in such manner and to such extent so that no such payments 
 made hereunder when aggregated with all other payments to be made to the Executive by the Company and the Bank shall be deemed an excess parachute payment in 
 accordance with Section 280G of the Code, and thereby subjecting the Executive to the 
 excise tax provided at Section 4999(a) of the Code. 
 
 12. Regulatory Matters. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any payments 
 made to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, or otherwise, shall be subject to and 
 conditioned upon compliance with 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) and FDIC Regulation 12CFR Part 359, Golden Parachute and Indemnification Payments promulgated thereunder. 
 
 13. Section 409A Compliance. 
 
 a. This Agreement shall be amended to the extent necessary to comply with Section 
 409A of the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder. Prior to such 
 amendment, and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this 
 Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with Section 409A of the 
 Code and the parties shall take such actions as are required to comply in goodfaith with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code such that payments shall not 
 be made to the Executive at such time if such payments shall subject the 

Executive to the penalty tax under Section 409A of the Code, but rather such 
 payments shall be made by the Bank to the Executive at the earliest time 
 permissible thereafter without the Executive incurring liability for such penalty 
 tax under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 b. If and to the extent termination payments under this Agreement constitute 
 deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the 
 regulations promulgated thereunder, and if the payment under this Section 13 does 
 not qualify as a short-term deferral under Section 409A of the Code and Treas. 
 Reg. 1.409A-1(b)(4) (or any similar or successor provisions), and the Executive 
 is a Specified Employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the 
 regulations promulgated thereunder, then the payment of such termination 
 payments that constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code 
 shall comply with Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the regulations 
 thereunder, which generally provide that distributions of deferred compensation 
 (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) to a Specified Employee that 
 are payable on account of termination of employment may not commence prior to 
 the six (6) month anniversary of the Executive's termination of employment (or, if 
 earlier, the date of the Executive's death) from the Employer. 
 
 14. Release in Favor of the Company and Bank. In consideration for the compensation 
 received under Section 4 of this Agreement, the Executive shall deliver a general release to the Employer, substantially in form and content annexed hereto as Exhibit A, within fourteen (14) days after Executive s receipt thereof. 
 
 15. At-Will Employment. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Parties acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, unless otherwise set forth in a written employment agreement between or among the applicable parties. If Executive s employment terminates for any reason, Executive will not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, awards or 
 compensation other than as provided by this Agreement, or pursuant to the Company s 
 policies in place at the time of the termination (to the extent applicable) and the payment 
 of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, and any unreimbursed reimbursable 
 expenses. 
 
 16. Voluntary Nature of Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Party is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by 
 anyone. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive carefully read this 
 Agreement and has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, 
 consequences, and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understands it. Executive 
 acknowledges that Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an 
 attorney of Executive s choice before signing this Agreement. 
 
 17. Headings. All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient 

reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 
 
 18. Withholding. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to 
 withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes. 
 
 19. Governing Law. The terms of this Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted and construed in accordance with the provisions of, the laws of New Jersey and, to the extent applicable, Federal law, without regard to principles of its conflict of laws. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the matters covered hereby. 
 
 20. No Modification. The amendment or termination of this Agreement may be made only in 
 a writing executed by the Parties and no amendment or termination of this Agreement 
 shall be effective unless in writing. 
 
 21. Binding Agreement Assignability. This Agreement shall be binding to the extent of its 
 applicability upon any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, 
 consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the assets of the 
 Company or the Bank. This Agreement is personal to the Executive, and the Executive 
 may not assign any of Executive s rights or duties hereunder, but this Agreement shall be enforceable by the Executive's legal representatives, executors or administrators. 
 
 22. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed electronically and in two or more 
 counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in 
 making proof of this Agreement to produce or account for more than one such 
 counterpart. 
 
 23. Assumption. The Company or the Bank shall, as part of any Change in Control involving an acquiring entity or successor to the Company or the Bank, obtain an enforceable assumption in writing by the entity which is the acquiring entity or successor to the Company in the Change in Control 
 
 24. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid, such invalidity 
 shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement not held so invalid, and all other 
 such provisions shall, to the full extent consistent with law, continue in full force and 
 effect. If any such provision shall be held invalid in part, such invalidity shall in no way 
 affect the rest of such provision not held so invalid, and the rest of such provision, 
 together with all other provisions of this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect 
 to the full extent consistent with law. 
 
 25. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings among the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof. 

(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS) 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Bank caused this Agreement to be 
 signed by their respective duly authorized representative and the Executive executed this Agreement, all as of the Effective Date. 
 
 ATTEST PARKE BANCORP, INC. 
 ________________________ ________________________ 
 Vito S. Pantilione, 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 ATTEST PARKE BANK 
 
 ________________________ ________________________ 
 Vito S. Pantilione, 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 WITNESS EXECUTIVE 

________________________ ________________________ 
 Nicholas J. Pantilione 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 I, Nicholas J. Pantilione, understand and agree to the terms set forth in my Change in Control Severance Agreement (the Agreement with Parke Bancorp, Inc. (the Company and Park Bank (the Bank ). 
 
 I understand that this Release Agreement Release ), together with the Agreement, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement among the Company, the Bank and me with regard to the subject matter hereof. I am not relying on any promise or representation by the Company or the Bank that is not expressly stated herein. 
 
 I hereby confirm my obligations under the Agreement regarding Confidential Information, as that term is defined in the Agreement. 
 
 In consideration of the compensation I may receive under the Agreement, I hereby generally and completely release the Company, the Bank and their respective subsidiaries and or affiliates and assigns from any and all claims, liabilities and obligations, both known and unknown, that arise out of or are in any way related to 

events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring prior to me signing this Release. This general release includes, but is not limited to (a) all claims arising out of or in any way related to my employment with the Company and Bank, or the termination of that employment (b) all claims related to my compensation or benefits from the Company and Bank, including, but not limited to, salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership interests in the Company and Bank (c) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing (d) all tort claims, including, but not limited to, claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy (e) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including, but not limited to, claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964 (as amended), the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (as amended) (f) any claim for any loss, cost, damage, or expense arising out of any dispute over the non-withholding or other tax treatment of any of the proceeds that I may receive 
 as a result of the Agreement and (g) any and all claims for attorneys fees and costs. 
 
 I agree that this Release shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released. This Release does not extend to any obligations incurred under the Agreement. This Release does not release claims that cannot be released as a matter of law, including, but not limited to, my right to file a charge with or participate in a charge by the Equal 
 
 Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other local, state, or federal administrative body or government agency that is authorized to enforce or administer laws related to employment, against the Company and Bank (with the understanding that any such filing or participation does not give me the right to recover any monetary damages against the Company and Bank my release of claims herein bars me from recovering such monetary relief from the Company and 
 Bank). 
 
 I hereby represent that I have been paid or provided all salary, wages, bonuses, accrued vacation paid time off, premiums, leaves, housing allowances, relocation costs, interest, severance, outplacement costs, fees, reimbursable expenses, commissions, stock, stock options, vesting, and any and all other benefits and compensation due to me, and I have not suffered any on-the-job injury for which I have not already filed a claim. 
 
 I acknowledge that to become effective, I must sign and return this Release to the Company and Bank so that it is received not later than fourteen (14) days following the date it is provided to me. 

_________________________________ DATE _______________________ 
 Nicholas J. Pantilione 

</EX-99.3>

