<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1563227_0001213900-23-025002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2203141</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76577</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>541946</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>406471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>587434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>542443</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025002.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331085537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sipup Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				990382107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-185408
		FILM NUMBER:		23783512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-792-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025002.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_sipupcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
or 

TRANSITION
REPORT 

For the transition period from ____________________to
_________________________ 

Commission file number 

SIPUP CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer 
identification no.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbols(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of May 31, 2021 was . 

As of March 14, 2023, Sipup Corporation had 
shares issued and outstanding. 

SIPUP CORPORATION INC. 

2021
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 5 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 6 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 9 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 9 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 10 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 11 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 
 11 
 
 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 12 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 14 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 14 
 
 Item 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 15 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 15 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 16 

SIGNATURES 
 
 17 

i 

PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K of Sipup Corporation, a Nevada corporation, contains forward-looking statements, as defined in the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may ,
 will , should , could , expects , plans , intends , anticipates ,
 believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative
of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market
opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our
available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot
guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed
in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional
factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: 

the uncertainty of profitability
based upon our history of losses; 

risks related to failure to
obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern; 

Our stockholders will suffer
dilution as the Company will seek future funding or any other financing facilities; and 

other risks and uncertainties
related to our business plan and business strategy. 

This list is not an exhaustive
list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and
readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s
beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except
as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

We caution readers not to
place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently
to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

All references in this Form
10-K to the Company , Sipup , we , us, or our are to Sipup Corporation 

1 

Item 1. Business. 

Our Company 

on April 26, 2021, Sipup Corp. Sipup, we, us or the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with VeganNation
Services, Ltd., a company formed under the laws of the State of Israel VeganNation and the shareholders of VeganNation.
pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of VeganNation (hereinafter, the Acquisition in exchange for 41,062,240 shares of common stock of the Company. The Share Exchange Agreement is referred to herein collectively
as the Share Exchange Agreement or the Agreement . The Share Exchange Agreement closed on September 30, 2021.
At the Closing, pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will issue an aggregate of 41,062,240 shares of Common Stock to the VeganNation
shareholders in exchange for 100 Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 1.00 per share, of VeganNation, constituting 100 of the issued and outstanding
shares of VeganNation, resulting in VeganNation becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sipup. 

Due to circumstances beyond
the control of the Parties, Sipup has been unable to develop the business of VeganNation to the extent contemplated by the Exchange Agreement
and discussions between Sipup and VeganNation following the execution and delivery of the Exchange Agreement. Accordingly, the parties
determined to enter into the Rescission Agreement. Thus on November 30, 2022 the Company entered into a Rescission Agreement (the Rescission
Agreement with VeganNation and the shareholders of VeganNation. pursuant to which the previously disclosed Share Exchange Agreement
entered into as of September 30, 2021 amongst the parties the Share Exchange Agreemen) was terminated and rescinded in its entirety. Accordingly,
each of the parties wase restored to the respective positions they occupied immediately prior to the execution and delivery of the Share
Exchange Agreement. 

On
January 4, 2023, the Company entered into an Asset Management and Development contract (the Development Contract with Kober
Renewable Projects Development and Consulting S.R.L., a company duly registered and operating under the Romanian laws Kober pursuant to which Kober is to identify, manage and develop renewable energy projects in Romania. The Development Contract contemplates
that a designated local company will hold land leasing rights or ownership for a period of a minimum of 29 years, plus a 10 years extension
option, and in which the Company shall hold rights at least 75 thereof Spv ). Based on the Development Contract, Kober shall
identify and provide suitable land for development of solar or wind farms, in order bring the Spvto a stage of readiness to develop or
to sell part of such projects. Further to the Development Contract discussed above, 

On
March 27, 2023, Sipup Corporation entered into an agreement with Kober, pursuant to which Kober assigned to the Company s Kober s
rights under a certain sale and purchase agreements (collectively, the Agreements between Kober and three affiliated companies
duly registered and operating under the Romanian laws (collectively, Sellers ). The Sellers own and control an aggregate
of approximately 2.0 Mega Watt (MW) green energy projects consisting of integrated and operational assembly of solar photovoltaic in working
and operational status, mounting, assemblies, inverters, converters, metering, lighting fixtures, transformers, ballasts, disconnects,
combiners, switches, wiring devices and wiring, and all other material for producing and delivering green energy. Under the Agreements,
the Sellers sold to Kober all of the operating assets of these projects. Kober will have rights to all of the local licenses and permits
necessary to develop and operate the projects. 

In addition, Kober has
signed on behalf of the Company, additional solar, wind farms and storage agreement for the rights to 165MW and memorandum of understanding
for an additional 40MW. 

2 

Corporate History Recent Events 

On October 31, 2012, the Company
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Through fiscal year 2013, we were engaged in the production, packing and selling
of flavored yogurts and have not generated any revenue; our current and predecessor independent auditors have issued an opinion about
our ability to continue as a going concern in connection with our audited financial statements for the year ended November 30, 2020. Our
accumulated deficit is 2,245,460 as of November 30, 2021. We currently are focusing on finalizing the transactions discussed above. 

Insurance 

We do not maintain any insurance.
Because we do not have any insurance, if we are made a party of a legal action, we may not have sufficient funds to defend the litigation.
If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations. 

Employees 

As of March 14, 2023, we have
two employees, all of whom are officers. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 

Offices 

The Company s principal
offices are located at 2 Mitzpe, Shoham, Israel Israel. Our telephone number is 972-54-5774447. 

Government Regulation 

We will be required to comply
with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities
in the future. As of now there are no required governments approvals present that we need approval from or any existing government regulation
on our business. 

We currently have not obtained
any copyrights, patents or trademarks. We do not anticipate filing any copyright or trademark applications related to any assets over
the next 12 months. 

Renewable Energy 

On
January 4, 2023, weentered into an Asset Management and Development contract (the Development Contract with Kober Renewable
Projects Development and Consulting S.R.L., a company duly registered and operating under the Romanian laws Kober pursuant
to which Kober is to identify, manage and develop renewable energy projects in Romania. The Development Contract contemplates that a designated
local company will hold land leasing rights or ownership for a period of a minimum of 29 years, plus a 10 years extension option, and
in which the Company shall hold rights at least 75 thereof Spv ). Based on the Development Contract, Kober shall identify
and provide suitable land for development of solar or wind farms, in order bring the Spvto a stage of readiness to develop or to sell
part of such projects. 

Under
the Development Contract, the Company agreed to pay Kober (i) upfront fee of Euro 100,000, (ii) a monthly management fee in the amount
of Euro 27,500, which is payable after the acquisition by the Spv of a minimum of 500mw, (iii) Euro 6,000 for each mw Spv s rights owned
by the Company, subject to the progress of the projects approvals and permits (iv) issuance of 19.9 of the outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company 0.001 par value to Kober and certain Kober management (v) Issuance of such amount of warrants, as agreed between
the parties. The performance of the Company s obligations is subject to raising the necessary capital of which no assurance can
be provided. 

3 

In
the event the Company shall decide to sell an Spv, the Company shall pay Kober the lesser of (i) Euro 20,000 or (ii) 25 out of the proceeds
from the sale of the project. 

Further
to the Development Contract discussed above, On March 27, 2023, Sipup Corporation entered into an agreement with Kober, pursuant to which
Kober assigned to the Company s Kober s rights under a certain sale and purchase agreements (collectively, the Agreements between Kober and three affiliated companies duly registered and operating under the Romanian laws (collectively, Sellers ).
The Sellers own and control an aggregate of approximately 2.0 Mega Watt (MW) green energy projects consisting of integrated and operational
assembly of solar photovoltaic in working and operational status, mounting, assemblies, inverters, converters, metering, lighting fixtures,
transformers, ballasts, disconnects, combiners, switches, wiring devices and wiring, and all other material for producing and delivering
green energy. Under the Agreements, the Sellers sold to Kober all of the operating assets of these projects. 

The aggregate purchase
price under the Agreements is EUR 2,200,000, of which EUR 400,000 is due within seven business days and the balance within four (4) months. 

The Company intends to
develop the projects, subject to raising the required capital of which no assurance can be provided that the Company will be successful. 

Kober will have rights
to all of the local licenses and permits necessary to develop and operate the projects. 

Going Concern 

Our cash balance is Nil as
of November 30, 2021. We do not believe that our cash balance is sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations beyond one year s
time. 

Our current and predecessor
independent registered public accountants have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can
continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have
not generated revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we will
ever reach that stage. 

We anticipate that our current
cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, if any, will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at
least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain these funds by selling
additional capital through private equity placements, debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional
financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating
results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

At the present time, we have
been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock, it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations. If
we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations, we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

4 

Limited operating history; Need for additional
capital 

There is no historical financial
information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any
revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment
of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services
and products. 

We have no assurance that
future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to
continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The Company is a smaller reporting
company as defined by rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company does not own any
property. We currently lease a office at 2 Mitzpe, Shoham, Israel on a month to month basis. We believe that our facilities are suitable
and adequate for our present needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

The Company is not party to
any legal proceedings, nor is there any known legal proceedings contemplated against the Company. 

No director, officer or affiliate
of the Company and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5.0 of the securities of the Company, or any associate of any
such director, officer or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in reference
to pending litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

The
Company s common stock is traded in the United States on the OTC Pink market under the ticker symbol SPUP. Any over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. SPUP. 

Holders of our Common
Stock 

As
of March 29, 2023, the Company had 71,047,594 registered stockholders holding 69 shares of common stock. 

Dividends 

Since
the Company s inception, it has not declared nor paid any cash dividends on its capital stock and the Company does not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Its current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance its operations.
Its Board of directors will determine future declarations and payments dividends, if any, in light of the then-current conditions it deems
relevant and in accordance with applicable corporate law. 

Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLANS 

We have no equity compensation
or stock option plans. We may in the future adopt a stock option. 

Item 6 .
 [RESERVED] 

6 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited annual consolidated financial
statements as of November 30, 2021 and November 30, 2020 and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion
and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth
under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. All amounts are in U.S. dollars and rounded. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the year ended November 30,
2021 to the year ended November 30, 2020 

Revenues. We had no revenues
for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020. 

General and Administrative
Expenses. For the year ended November 30, 2021, our general and administrative expenses amounted to 163,133, mainly comprised of Professional
fees and filings fees, and were 61,248 for the year ended November 30, 2020, mainly comprised of Professional fees and filings fees.
This increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended November 30, 2021 was mainly due to an increase in professional
services of 101,885, related to our Share Exchange Agreement with VeganNation signed in April 26, 2021 and which was later terminated
and rescinded in its entirety, as described above. 

Financial Expenses, net. For
the year ended November 30, 2021, our financial income amounted to 29,831 and for the year ended November 30, 2020, our financial expenses
amounted to 11,367. The reason for the increase in financial expenses for the year ended November 30, 2021, was mainly due to the decrease
in interest expense related to our outstanding loans from stockholders. 

Other Losses. For the year
ended November 30, 2021, other losses amounted to 1,765,586 as compare to Nil for the year ended November 30, 2020. Other Losses are
comprised of costs related to our Share Exchange Agreement with VeganNation signed in April 26, 2021 and which was later terminated and
rescinded in its entirety, as described above. 

Net Loss. For the year ended
November 30, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a net loss of 1,958,550 and 72,615, respectively, which represented an increase compared to
the year ended November 30, 2021, of 1,885,935. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of November 30, 2021, the
company had Nil cash and our liabilities were 349,522, consisting primarily of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of 120,475, Convertible
note of 45,000 and Loans from stockholders of 184,047. As of November 30, 2020, the company had Nil cash and our liabilities were 261,082,
consisting primarily of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of 88,200 and Loans from stockholders of 172,882. 

7 

Our auditors have issued a
 going concern opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve
months unless we obtain additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until after receiving sufficient financing and implementing
our plan of operations. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. The Company anticipates over the next 12 months
the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately 75,000. 

Existing working capital,
further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be inadequate to fund our operations over the next twelve
months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds
of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases
in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental expenses associated with
a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. Although we intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities,
and debt issuances, no assurance can be provided that we will be able to raise funds on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 

We anticipate that our current
cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, if any, will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at
least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain those funds by selling
additional capital through private equity placements, debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional
financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating
results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

At the present time, we have
been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock; however it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations.
If we are unable to raise the capital needed to support our operations, we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Because we have been unable to raise additional cash, Management may consider
other business opportunities in order to maintain and increase shareholder value. 

We are highly dependent upon
the success of the private offerings of equity or debt securities, as described herein. Therefore, the failure thereof would result in
the need to seek capital from other resources such as taking loans, which would likely not even be possible for the Company. At such time
these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing. If the Company cannot raise additional proceeds
via a private placement of its equity or debt securities, or secure a loan, the Company would be required to cease business operations.
As a result, investors would lose all of their investment. 

8 

Significant Accounting Policies 

For additional and relevant
information please see Note 2 of the financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The information called for
by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

On
December 14, 2022, our Board of Directors dismissed Halperin Ilanit CPA (the Former Auditor as our independent registered
public accounting firm. 

The
audit reports of the Former Auditor on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2020 and 2019 contained no adverse
opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that
the reports contained an explanatory paragraph stating that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During
the fiscal years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020, there were (i) no disagreements (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between us and the Former Auditor on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of the Former
Auditor, would have caused the Former Auditor to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in its reports on the Company s
financial statements and (ii) no reportable events (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K and the
related instructions). 

On
December 14, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the engagement of Weinstein International CPA the New Auditor as our
independent registered public accounting firm, effective upon the effectiveness of the dismissal of the Former Auditor. During the fiscal
years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020, neither we, nor anyone on its behalf, consulted the New Auditor regarding (i) the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on our financial statements, and no written report or oral advice was provided to us by the New Auditor that the New Auditor concluded
was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue or (ii) any
matter that was the subject of a disagreement (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related
instructions) or a reportable event (as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

9 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or
under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s
board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

- Pertains to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of assets; 

- Provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America and receipts and expenditures are being made in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors; and 

- Provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our financial officer, an
evaluation was performed on the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our and principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report for the purpose of gathering,
analyzing and disclosing of information that the Company is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms for the reasons set forth in our annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended November 30, 2020. 

(b) Changes
in Internal Controls. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during quarter ended December 31, 2021 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

As of November 30, 2021, management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal
control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, they concluded
that, during the period covered by this report, such internal control over financial reporting were not effective to detect the inappropriate
application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our
internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

10 

A material weakness is a deficiency
or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In connection with the assessment described
above, management identified the following internal control over financial reporting deficiencies that represent material weaknesses as
of December 31, 2022. 

Financial Reporting and Closing
Process: We did not maintain an effective financial reporting and closing process to prepare financial statements in accordance with
GAAP. We determined that controls over timely and complete financial statement reviews, effective journal entry controls, and appropriate
reconciliation processes were missing or ineffective. Further, we were unable to complete regulatory filings timely as required
by the rules of the SEC. 

Qualified Personnel: We lacked
a sufficient number of qualified accounting personnel in key financial reporting positions to operate processes and controls over the
year end close process. As a result, a reasonable possibility exists that material misstatements in our financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Control Monitoring: Our controls
for monitoring the adequacy of the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting across the Company
were ineffective. As a result, a reasonable possibility exists that material misstatements in our financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management believes that the
material weaknesses above did not have an effect on our financial results 

In an effort to remediate
the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated or plan to initiate the
following series of measures. 

Subject to raising capital,
of which no assurance can be provided, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase
our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. And we plan
to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee who will undertake the
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and
assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. 

Management believes that the
appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a
functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will continue to monitor
and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide management report in the Annual
Report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
 9C. Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevents Inspections 

None 

11 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

As of the date of this Form
10-K the Directors and Officers currently serving our Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices 
 
 Mr. Baruch Yadid 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Mr. Yochai Ozeri (1) 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Mr. Netanel Salomon (1) 
 
 33 
 
 Vice President of Marketing and Investor Relations, Director 

The directors named above
will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their respective resignation or removal from office. Thereafter,
directors are anticipated to be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders meeting. Officers will hold their positions
at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

Baruch Yadid, Age 63 

In the last 10 years Mr. Yadid
was involved in several real estates and commercial deals in Israel and abroad, he also played a major role in the successes of private
companies . 

Yochai Ozeri, Age 44 

Mr. Ozeri has been serving,
since January 2012, as the Director of Finance and Treasurer of deltathree. In his current roles at deltathree, Mr. Ozeri serves as its
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Prior to assuming the positions of at deltathree, Mr. Ozeri, served as Controller
from August 2009 until January 2012. Founded in 1996, deltathree, Inc. is a global provider of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony
services, products, and solutions for partners, resellers and direct consumers. Prior to joining deltathree, Mr. Ozeri served as a senior
auditor at Kost, Forer, Gabbay Kasierer, a member firm of Ernst Young International, in its technology practice group. Mr.
Ozeri is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Netanel Salomon, Age 32 

Mr. Solomon has been serving,
since November 2014, as a sales executive in Binary Partners which experts in building traded platform online binary option and Forex
platforms for dealers. Prior to assuming the positions of at Binary Partners, Mr. Salomon served from July 2013 as Vice President; sales
and marketing in Webresult an internet marketing solutions company. Mr. Salmon has served from March 2012 to July 2013 as a consultant
and manager of call of the shofar Israeli branch, a non-profit focuses on personal and relational transformation. From November
2010 to March 2012 as a youth guide in Gush Etzion regional municipality managing employment projects for youth on summer vacation . 

Director Independence 

None of our directors presently
qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence
definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our
employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition,
our board of director has not made a subjective determination as to its sole director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion
of our board of director, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director,
though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of director made these determinations, our board
of director would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the director and us with regard to each director business and personal
activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

12 

Conflicts of Interest 

Since we do not have an audit
or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed
by our current directors. The Board of Director has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial
expert, nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since
the Company is an early development stage company, and to date, such directors have been performing the functions of such committees.
Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation,
nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There are no legal proceedings
that have occurred in the past 10 years concerning our sole officer and director which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding,
an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities
or commodities law violations. 

FAMILY RELATIONS 

There are no family relationships
among the directors and officers of Sipup Corporation. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

Since we do not have an audit
or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed
by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert,
nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary
since the Company is an early exploration stage company and has only four directors, and to date, such directors have been performing
the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority
to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. 

There are no family relationships
among our directors or officers. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive
officers or directors. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

The Company has not adopted
a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions. The Company has not adopted a code of ethics because it currently has minimal operations. 

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of
our equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on our review of filings
made on the SEC website, and the fact of us not receiving certain forms or written representations from certain reporting persons that
they have complied with the relevant filing requirements, we believe that, during the year ended November 30, 2020, our executive officers,
directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

13 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The table below summarizes
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods
indicated. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock 
Awards 
 )(1) 

Option 
Awards )(1) 

Total 
 ) 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted any stock
options to the executive officer since our inception. Upon the further development of our business, we will likely grant options to our
sole director and officer consistent with industry standards for businesses similar to ours. 

Employment Agreements 

Mr. Ozeri and the Company
entered into an employment agreement dated February 1, 2016 pursuant to which Mr. Ozeri will be paid a monthly base salary of 2,000 for
the first three months. Thereafter, the Company s board of directors or the appropriate committee will consider an increase in the
base amount. Under the agreement, Mr. Ozeri will be entitled to participate in any future employee stock option plan that the Company
establishes and will be issued non-qualified options for 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. Either the Company or Mr.
Ozeri is entitled to terminate employment upon 60 prior days notice. 

Director Compensation 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table lists,
as of March 14, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known
to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company;
and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders
and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has
or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the
power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person
has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may
be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which
he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. 

The percentages below are
calculated based on 71,047,594 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 14, 2023. We do not have any outstanding
warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

Shares of 
Common 
Stock (1) 

Percent of 
Class (2) 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Yochai Ozeri, Chief Financial Officer Director 

- 

Netanel Salomon, Vice President Director 

- 

Baruch Yadid, Director 

5 or more Shareholders 

Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. (2) 

8,501,143 

11.97 

Shneor Shapira (3) 

10,642,795 

14.98 

Itay Yadid (4) 

9,450,000 

13.30 

Yosef Chaim Raybi (5) 

10,642,794 

14.98 

Vegan Point LLC (6) 

10,642,795 

14.98 

Less than one percent. 

14 

(1) Under
 Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who,
 directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or
 otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct
 the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct
 the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned
 by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to
 dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned
 by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise
 of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing
 the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include
 the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of
 these acquisition rights. 

(2) Mr.
 Adi Zim holds sole voting and dispositive control of these securities. The address
 of Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. is Yosef Klausner 10, Ramla Israel. 

(3) Shneor
 Shapira is 

(4) Itay
 Yadid 

(5) Yosef
 Chaim Raybi 

(6) Vegan
 Point LLC 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Currently, there are no contemplated
transactions that the Company may enter into with our officers, directors or affiliates. If any such transactions are contemplated, we
will file such disclosure in a timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction available for the public
to view. 

The Company has no formal
written employment agreement or other contracts with our current officers and there is no assurance that the services to be provided
by them will be available for any specific length of time in the future. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

The following is a summary
of the fees billed by our principal auditor during the calendar years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit fees 
 14,000 
 14,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 24,000 
 24,000 

15 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS,
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements. 

The
Financial Statements filed as part of this Annual Report are identified in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 hereto. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement
Schedules. 

Financial
Statement Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown on the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

We
hereby file, as exhibits to this Annual Report, those exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page hereto. 

16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 31, 2023 . 

SIPUP CORPORATION, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Baruch Yadid 

Baruch Yadid 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Yochai Ozeri 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yochai Ozeri 

/s/ Baruch Yadid 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Baruch Yadid 

/s/ Natanel Salomon 
 
 Director, Vice President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Natanel Salomon 

17 

SIPUP CORPORATION 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Contents: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

Report of the Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sipup Corporation. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Sipup Corporation. and its subsidiaries the Company as of November 30, 2021 and the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of November 30 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended November
30, 2021, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, as of November 30, 2021,
the Company suffered losses from operations in all years since inception and has a working capital deficit. These and other factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is
also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Previous Auditor 

This is the first year for
which we have served as auditor. The previous year was audited by a different auditor whose permission we have received to serve as the
current auditor 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going concern- refer to note 1 of the financial
statements 

Critical audit matter description 

The Company raised a substantial doubt about the
entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The financial statements for the years under audit have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. See the explanatory paragraph of the opinion paragraph. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed in the
Audit 

- 
 We evaluated whether there is substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

- 
 We obtained information about management's plans that are intended to mitigate the effect of such conditions or events, and assess the likelihood that such plans can be effectively implemented. 

- 
 We added explanatory paragraph to the audit report. 

- 
 
 We added an explanatory paragraph to the audit report. 

/s/ Weinstein International CPA (PCAOB ID # 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2022. 

Tel Aviv, Israel 

March 30, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF 

SIPUP CORPORATION, INC. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of SIPUP Corporation, Inc (the Company as of November 30, 2020, the related statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the year in the period ended November 30, 2020, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the year in the period ended November 30, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has not yet
generated material revenues from its operations to fund its activities and is therefore dependent upon external sources for financing
its operations. As of November 30, 2020, the Company has incurred accumulated deficit of 286,910 and negative operating cash flows. These
factor among others, as discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

May 20, 2021 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020 till 2022 

F- 4 

SIPUP CORPORATION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In dollars, except share and per share data) 

Year ended November 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Prepaid expenses 
 -

Total assets 
 -

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities and Accrued Expenses 

Convertible Note (Note 3) 
 
 -

Loan from stockholder (Note 4) 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on November 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Shareholders debt due to issuance of shares 

Proceeds on account of shares 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SIPUP CORPORATION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In dollars, except share and per share data) 

Year ended November 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 
 -
 
 -

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Interest on shareholder loan 

Other loss (Note 1) 
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss per share-basic and diluted attributable to common stockholders

Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SIPUP CORPORATION INC. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(In dollars, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Shareholder 

Number of Outstanding Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Proceeds on 
 account of 
shares 
 debt due to issuance of shares 
 Total Stockholders Deficiency 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2019 

- 

Loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 - 

Balance at November 31, 2020 

- 

Beneficial conversion feature related to convertible loan 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 - 

Shareholder obligation to issue shares 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for cash 

-
 
 -
 
 - 

Proceeds on account of shares 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of shares in share exchange transaction (Note 1) 

-
 
 -

- 
 
 Loss for the period 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 

Balance at November 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

SIPUP CORPORATION INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In dollars) 

Year Ended November 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss for the period 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Financial expenses related to convertible loan 
 
 -

Interest on shareholder s loan 

Stock based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 -

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Related party 
 -

Restricted fund 
 -
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -
 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of shares for cash 
 
 -

Proceeds from convertible note 
 
 -

Proceed of short-term loan from bank 

Repayment of shareholder s loan 

Decrease in shareholder debt for issuance of shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 -

Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 -
 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 -
 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Non cash transactions: 

Benefit component of convertible note 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

SIPUP CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the
issued and outstanding common stock of VeganNation (hereinafter, the Acquisition in exchange for shares
of common stock of the Company. The Share Exchange Agreement is referred to herein collectively as the Share Exchange Agreement 
or the Agreement .The Share Exchange Agreement closed on September 30, 2021. At the Closing, pursuant to the Agreement, the
Company will issue an aggregate of shares of Common Stock to the VeganNation shareholders in exchange for 100 Ordinary Shares,
par value NIS 1.00 per share, of VeganNation, constituting of the issued and outstanding shares of VeganNation, resulting in VeganNation
becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sipup. 

to the statement of operations for the year
ended November 30, 2021. 

years, plus a years extension
option, and in which the Company shall hold rights at least thereof Spv ). Based on the Development Contract, Kober shall
identify and provide suitable land for development of solar or wind farms, in order bring the Spvto a stage of readiness to develop or
to sell part of such projects. 

, of which EUR is due within seven business days and the balance within four (4) months. 

F- 9 

from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through
equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements
for the year ending November 30, 2021. 

or less as of the date acquired. The Company
maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to . 

F- 10 

for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties, the Company
issued to Adi Zim and Rosario Capital Ltd. its unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the Note ).
The Note is repayable upon the earlier of December 15, 2021 or the closing of the Stock Exchange Agreement with VeganNation. The Note
is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate equal to per share. During the year months ended November
30, 2021 the company received representing the full amount of advance payment. 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price 

Exercise price 

Fair value of beneficial component 

F- 11 

Loan from related party 

interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand. On January 9, 2023, Company
and the lender agreed to waive certain amount of the loan such that the loan balance shall be reduced to NIS100, (approximately ). 

restricted shares of the Company s common stock in consideration for remittance
of for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties. 

restricted shares of common stock. The service agreement will be terminated on December 31, 2020. The fair value of
the restricted shares as of the date of issuance was using the share price on the day of issuance. During the year ended November
30, 2020 the Company recorded as professional fees. 

for which it issued restricted shares of common stock on October 4, 2021. In addition,
the Company received additional for which restricted shares of common stock were issued at December 2022. 

of the issued and outstanding common stock of VeganNation in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company.
The shares were issued at September 30, 2021. 

F- 12 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income and expire
by the year 2038 . 

Interest on shareholder s loan 

F- 13 

years, plus a years extension option, and in which
the Company shall hold rights at least thereof Spv ). Based on the Development Contract, Kober shall identify and provide
suitable land for development of solar or wind farms, in order bring the Spvto a stage of readiness to develop or to sell part of such
projects. 

or (ii) out of the proceeds from the sale of
the project. 

, of which EUR is due within seven business days and the balance within four (4) months. 

F- 14 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

18 

<EX-31>
 2
 f10k2021ex31_sipupcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Baruch Yadid, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sipup
Corporation.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Baruch Yadid 

Baruch Yadid, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal 
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 f10k2021ex32_sipupcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Baruch Yadid, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the annual report of Sipup
Corporation. on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2021 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material
respects the financial condition and results of operations of Sipup Corporation, as of and for the year ended November 30, 2021. This
written statement is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit accompanying such annual report and
shall not be deemed filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

By: 
 /s/ Baruch Yadid 

Baruch Yadid, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal 
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 spup-20211130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 spup-20211130_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 spup-20211130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 spup-20211130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 spup-20211130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

