<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230127_10-K_edgar_data_96223_0000096223-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37392339</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>514951</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4705077</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15168647</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8199384</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8097768</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000096223-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230127165959
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000096223-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		194
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jefferies Financial Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096223
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				132615557
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05721
		FILM NUMBER:		23564029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124601900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TALCOTT NATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800603

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000096223-23-000009.txt : 20230127

10-K
 1
 jef-20221130.htm
 10-K

jef-20221130 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 284 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant at May 31, 2022 (computed by reference to the last reported closing sale price of the Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on such date): . 
 On January 19, 2023, the registrant had outstanding Common Shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 November 30, 2022 
 
 PART I. 
 Page Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 24 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 26 
 Executive Summary 
 26 
 Revenues by Source 
 29 
 Non-interest Expenses 
 37 
 Accounting Developments 
 38 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 39 
 Liquidity, Financial Condition and Capital Resources 
 42 
 Risk Management 
 54 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 65 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 66 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 156 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 156 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 156 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 156 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART III. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 156 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 156 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 157 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 157 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 157 
 PART IV. EXHIBTS AND SIGNATURES 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 157 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 159 
 Signatures 
 160 

2 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Introduction 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Jefferies, we, us or our is a U.S.-headquartered global full service, integrated investment banking and securities firm. Our largest subsidiary, Jefferies LLC, a U.S. broker-dealer, was founded in the U.S. in 1962 and our first international operating subsidiary, Jefferies International Limited, a U.K. broker-dealer, was established in the U.K. in 1986. Our strategy focuses on continuing to build out our investment banking effort, enhancing our capital markets businesses and further developing our Leucadia Asset Management alternative asset management platform. 
 Our global headquarters and executive offices are located at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022. We also have regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong. Our primary telephone number is 212-284-2300 and our Internet address is jefferies.com where we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and can also be viewed at sec.gov. 
 The following documents and reports are also available on our public website: 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 Code of Business Practice 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Corporate Social Responsibility Principles 
 Reportable waivers, if any, from our Code of Business Practice by our executive officers 
 ESG, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee Charter 
 Health and Safety Policy 
 Human Rights Statement 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
 Risk and Liquidity Oversight Committee Charter 
 Supplier Code of Conduct 
 Sustainable Investment Statement 
 Whistle Blower Policy 
 We may use our website to disclose public information. We encourage you to visit our website for additional information. In addition, you may also obtain a printed copy of any of the above documents or reports by sending a request to Investor Relations, Jefferies Financial Group Inc., 520 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022, by calling 212-284-2300 or by sending an email to info@jefferies.com. 
 Jefferies Group LLC Merger into Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 On November 1, 2022, we streamlined and simplified our corporate structure by merging Jefferies Group LLC with and into Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Prior to the merger, Jefferies Group LLC, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary, was an SEC reporting company, filing annual, quarterly and periodic financial reports. The merger has eliminated the requirement for two sets of SEC filings and other duplicative processes. In addition, in connection with the merger, we assumed the debt obligations of Jefferies Group LLC. 
 Business Segments 
 We report our activities in two business segments: (1) Investment Banking and Capital Markets and (2) Asset Management. 
 Investment Banking and Capital Markets provides investment banking, capital markets and other related services to our clients. We provide underwriting and financial advisory services across most industry sectors in the Americas; Europe and the Middle East; and Asia. Our capital markets businesses operate across the spectrum of equities and fixed income products. Related services include prime brokerage, equity finance, research and strategy, corporate lending and real estate finance. Investment Banking and Capital Markets also includes our corporate lending joint venture JFIN Parent LLC or Jefferies Finance ), our commercial real estate finance joint venture Berkadia Commercial Holding LLC or Berkadia and our automobile lending and servicing activities. 
 Asset Management provides alternate investment management services to investors globally. In addition, through our asset management efforts, we often invest seed or additional strategic capital for our own account in the strategies offered by us and affiliated asset managers. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Previously we reported certain businesses and activities as part of a Merchant Banking reportable segment and a Corporate reportable segment. This legacy portfolio of businesses and investments are reflected in our consolidated results as consolidated subsidiaries, equity investments, securities or in other ways. We have been liquidating this portfolio through third party sales and distributions to shareholders and are committed to winding down this portfolio and returning excess capital to shareholders. During the year ended November 30, 2022 and in connection with the merger, we transferred these merchant banking investments primarily to our Asset Management reportable segment. These investments are now managed by the respective segment managers and we have revised our reportable segment presentation accordingly. Additionally, corporate activities are now fully allocated to either the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment or the Asset Management reportable segment. Prior year amounts have been revised to conform to the current segment reporting. 
 Financial information regarding our reportable business segments for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is set forth in Note 24, Segment Reporting in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Part II, Item 8 as updated by Exhibit 99.1 to our Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2022. Also, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis in Part II., Item 7 for further information about changes in the presentation of our revenues and results of operations. 
 Our Businesses 
 Investment Banking and Capital Markets 
 Our Investment Banking and Capital Markets segment focuses on Investment Banking, Equities and Fixed Income. We primarily serve institutional investors, corporations and government entities. 
 Investment Banking 
 We provide our clients around the world with a full range of financial advisory, equity underwriting and debt underwriting services. Our services are enhanced by our deep industry expertise, our global distribution capabilities and our senior level commitment to our clients. 
 Our investment banking professionals operate in the Americas, Europe and the Middle East and Asia, and are organized into industry, product and geographic coverage groups. Our industry coverage groups include: Consumer Retail; Energy; Financial Institutions; Healthcare; Industrials; Media, Communications and Information Services; Real Estate, Gaming Lodging; Financial Sponsors, Public Finance and Technology. Our product coverage groups include advisory (which comprises both mergers and acquisitions, private capital and restructuring and recapitalization expertise), equity underwriting and debt underwriting. Our geographic coverage groups include teams based in major cities in the United States, London, Frankfurt, Paris, Milan, Madrid, Warsaw, Amsterdam, Stockholm, Dubai, Mumbai, Hong Kong, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Zurich. 
 Advisory Services 
 We provide mergers/acquisitions, restructurings/recapitalizations and private capital advisory services to companies, financial sponsors and government entities. In the mergers and acquisitions area, we advise business owners and corporations on mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, strategic ventures and corporate defense activities. In the restructuring and recapitalization area, we provide companies, bondholders and lenders a full range of restructuring advisory capabilities as well as expertise in the structuring, valuation and placement of securities issued in recapitalizations. As part of our private capital advisory business, we advise financial sponsors on the creation and structuring of funds and fund offerings, and we also advise large institutional investors on the sale of private equity limited partnership and co-investment interests. 
 Equity Underwriting 
 We provide a broad range of equity financing capabilities to companies and financial sponsors. These capabilities include private placements of equity, initial public offerings, including initial public offerings for special purpose acquisition companies, follow-on offerings, at the market offerings, block trades and equity-linked securities transactions. 
 Debt Underwriting 
 We provide a wide range of debt and acquisition financing capabilities to companies, financial sponsors and government entities. We focus on structuring, underwriting and distributing public and private debt, including investment grade debt, high yield bonds, leveraged loans, municipal debt, mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and liability management solutions. 
 Other Investment Banking Activities 
 Jefferies Finance, our 50/50 joint venture with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, structures, underwrites and syndicates primarily senior secured loans to corporate borrowers; and manages proprietary and third-party investments for both broadly syndicated and direct lending loans. Jefferies Finance conducts its operations primarily through two business lines, Leveraged Finance Arrangement and Portfolio and Asset Management. Loans are originated primarily through our investment 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 banking efforts and Jefferies Finance typically syndicates to third-party investors substantially all of its arranged volume through us. The Portfolio and Asset Management business lines, collectively referred to as Jefferies Credit Partners, manages a broad portfolio of assets under management comprised of portions of loans it has arranged, as well as loan positions that it has purchased in the primary and secondary markets. Jefferies Credit Partners is comprised of three registered Investment Advisors: Jefferies Finance, Apex Credit Partners LLC and JFIN Asset Management LLC, which serve as a private credit platform managing proprietary and third-party capital across comingled funds, separately managed accounts and collateralized loan obligations. 
 Berkadia Commercial Mortgage Holding LLC Berkadia is our 50/50 joint venture with Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. that provides capital solutions, investment sales advisory and mortgage servicing for multifamily and commercial real estate. Berkadia originates commercial real estate loans, primarily in respect of multifamily housing units, for the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae ), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac and the Federal Housing Authority and will typically sell the loans to such entities shortly after the loans are funded with Berkadia retaining the mortgage servicing rights. For loans sold to Fannie Mae, Berkadia assumes a shared loss position throughout the term of each loan, with a maximum loss percentage of approximately one-third of the original principal balance. Berkadia also originates and brokers commercial/multifamily mortgage loans, which are not part of the government agency programs. In addition, Berkadia originates loans for its own balance sheet. These loans provide interim financing to borrowers who intend to refinance the loan with longer-term loans from an eligible government agency or other third-party. Berkadia also provides services related to the acquisition and disposition of multifamily real estate projects, including brokerage services, asset review, market research, financial analysis and due diligence support and is a servicer of U.S. commercial real estate loans. 
 Foursight Capital LLC Foursight purchases and services automobile loans. The loans are typically transferred to securitization trusts and Foursight retains the equity interests in the trusts earning net interest income and servicing income from these activities. 
 Strategic Alliance with SMBC Group 
 In July 2021, we entered into a strategic alliance with Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and SMBC Nikko Securities Inc. (together referred to as SMBC Group to collaborate on future corporate and investment banking business opportunities. We aim to, among other things, coordinate efforts in the U.S. leveraged finance business to expand and scale existing offerings; form a global strategic partnership to seek cross-border mergers and acquisition opportunities involving Japanese companies; and jointly pursue investment banking, capital markets and financing opportunities by leveraging our shared strengths. 
 Equities 
 Equities Research, Capital Markets 
 We provide our clients full-service equities research, sales and trading capabilities across global equities markets with key capabilities in cash equities, electronic trading, equity derivatives, convertibles and corporate access. We earn commissions or spread revenue by executing, settling and clearing transactions for clients across these markets in equity and equity-related products, including common stock, American depository receipts, global depository receipts, exchange-traded funds, exchange-traded and over-the-counter OTC equity derivatives, convertible and other equity-linked products and closed-end funds. Our equity research, sales and trading efforts are organized across three geographical regions: the Americas; Europe and the Middle East; and Asia. Our clients are primarily institutional market participants such as mutual funds, hedge funds, investment advisors, pension and profit sharing plans, and insurance companies. Through our global research team and sales force, we maintain relationships with our clients, distribute investment research and insights, trading ideas, market information and analyses across a range of industries and receive and execute client orders. 
 Equity Finance 
 Our Equity Finance business provides financing, securities lending and other prime brokerage services. We offer prime brokerage services in the U.S. that provide hedge funds, money managers and registered investment advisors with execution, financing, clearing, outsourced trading, reporting and administrative services. We finance our clients securities positions through margin loans that are collateralized by securities, cash or other acceptable liquid collateral. We earn an interest spread equal to the difference between the amount we pay for funds and the amount we receive from our clients. We also operate a matched book in equity and corporate bond securities, whereby we borrow and lend securities versus cash or liquid collateral and earn a net interest spread. We offer selected prime brokerage clients the option of custodying their assets at an unaffiliated U.S. broker-dealer that is a subsidiary of a bank holding company. Under this arrangement, we directly provide our clients with all customary prime brokerage services. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Wealth Management 
 We provide tailored wealth management services designed to meet the needs of high net worth individuals, their families and their businesses, private equity and venture funds and small institutions. Our advisors provide access to all of our institutional execution capabilities and deliver other financial services. Our open architecture platform affords clients access to products and services from both our firm and from a variety of other major financial services institutions. 
 Fixed Income 
 Our global Fixed Income business is led by our global credit franchise, which is supported by our leverage finance investment banking platform. We provide our clients with sales and trading across all fixed income securities, including investment grade corporate bonds, U.S. and European government and agency securities, municipal bonds, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, leveraged loans, consumer loans, high yield and distressed securities, emerging markets debt, interest rate and credit derivative products, as well as foreign exchange trade execution and securitization capabilities. Jefferies LLC is designated as a Primary Dealer by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Jefferies GmbH is designated in similar capacities for several countries in Europe and the Middle East. Additionally, through the use of repurchase agreements, we act as an intermediary between borrowers and lenders of short-term funds and obtain funding for various of our inventory positions. We trade and make markets globally in cleared and uncleared swaps and forwards referencing, among other things, interest rates, investment grade and non-investment grade corporate credits, credit indexes and asset-backed security indexes. 
 Our strategists and economists provide ongoing commentary and analysis of the global fixed income markets. In addition, our fixed income desk strategists provide ideas and analysis to clients across a variety of fixed income products. 
 Asset Management 
 Under the Leucadia Asset Management LAM umbrella, we manage and provide services to a diverse group of alternative asset management platforms across a spectrum of investment strategies and asset classes. LAM offers institutional clients an innovative range of investment strategies through its directly owned and affiliated managers. Our products are currently offered to pension funds, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors globally. The investment products under LAM range from multi-manager products to niche equity long/short strategies to credit strategies, among other strategies. We offer our affiliated asset managers access to capital, robust operational infrastructure and global marketing and distribution. We often invest seed or additional strategic capital for our own account in the strategies offered by us and associated third-party asset managers in which we have an interest. 
 We continue to expand our asset management efforts and establish further strategic relationships to expand our offerings including sector and region specific long/short equity and quantitative strategies with a view to growth in our overall assets under management and scale in fee revenue. 
 On December 1, 2021 and on November 1, 2022 in connection with the merger of Jefferies Group LLC into Jefferies Financial Group Inc., we expanded the activities of our asset management business and transferred certain of our historical merchant banking portfolio investments to our Asset Management segment. These investments are now managed by the co-heads of Asset Management. Included in this portfolio as of November 30, 2022 are investments in certain public equity securities; investments in OpNet S.p.A. OpNet, formerly known as Linkem ), 63 (wireless broadband services in Italy); Vitesse Energy, LLC Vitesse Energy ), 97 , and JETX Energy, LLC JETX Energy ), 98 , (oil and gas); HomeFed LLC HomeFed ), 100 (real estate); 54 Madison, 48.1 (real estate development fund); Golden Queen Mining Company, LLC Golden Queen ), 50 (gold and silver mining); and FXCM Group, LLC FXCM ), 50 voting interest in FXCM and a majority of all distributions in respect of the equity of FXCM (provider of online foreign exchange trading services); and other investments in private companies and asset management funds. 
 We intend to sell or distribute to our shareholders a significant portion of this portfolio over the next few years. During the third quarter of 2022, we sold all of our interests in Idaho Timber and, on January 13, 2023, we distributed our ownership interests in Vitesse Energy on a tax-free pro rata basis to our shareholders. Additionally, during the fourth quarter we sold all of our interests in the Oak Hill investment management company. 
 Human Capital 
 Our people make up the fabric of our firm, which comprises diverse and innovative teams. We are focused on the durability, health and long-term growth and development of our business, as well as our long-term contribution to our shareholders, our clients, our employees, the communities in which we live and work, and society in general. Instrumental to all of this is our culture, which derives from our employees. 
 We have employees located throughout the world. At November 30, 2022, we had 5,381 employees globally with approximately 66.5 , 23.1 and 10.4 of our workforce distributed across the Americas, Europe and the Middle East and Asia, respectively. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Our employees are predominantly in our Investment Banking and Capital Markets segment or the support thereof. During fiscal 2022, our overall employee count decreased by 3.1 , primarily as a result of the sale of a wholly-owned subsidiary, Idaho Timber, partially offset by growth of our investment banking business, as well as additions in technology and other corporate services staff to support our growth and other strategic priorities. 
 Talent Acquisition and Campus Recruiting 
 In order to compete effectively and continue to provide best-in-class service to our clients, we must attract, retain, and motivate qualified professionals. Our workforce is predominately composed of employees in roles such as investment bankers, salespeople, trading professionals, research professionals and other revenue producing or specialized personnel. During 2022, we hired approximately 1,200 professionals globally. Within our Investment Banking and Capital Markets segment, our voluntary turnover rate was approximately 12.4 , which makes our overall retention rate very high in our view. We believe our culture, our effort to maintain a meritocracy in terms of opportunity and our continued evolution and growth contribute to our success in attracting and retaining strong talent. 
 We are focused on broadening the pipeline from which we recruit and hiring diverse talent through both campus and lateral hiring initiatives. For campus recruiting, we have partnered with several organizations globally to broaden our pipeline of candidates. We host insight days and symposiums that describe Jefferies to candidates that come from a diverse range of backgrounds. For all roles, we recommend both a diverse slate of candidates to be considered for roles and a diverse panel of interviewers. Interviewing guides and resources are provided to hiring managers in an effort to support inclusive hiring. 
 We have launched two targeted recruiting programs aimed at diversifying the pipeline of our lateral hires, including a career relaunch program, aimed at those who have taken a break from the workforce, and a job switch program aimed at recruiting individuals who are interested in changing careers into Equity Research. Both programs yielded full time hires in 2022. 
 Talent Development 
 We value continued training and development for all employees. We seek to equip our people at all stages in their careers with the tools necessary to become thoughtful and effective leaders. We have a large number of development programs, including our Women in Leadership Series, a program focused on providing learning and development opportunities to position our female leaders for success. In 2022, the program was expanded to include opportunities for in-person networking across regions. Our leadership development program sponsored by our Jefferies Black Latino Network (J-NOBLE) and Jefferies Ethnic Minority Society (JEMS) is aimed at providing professional development and career advancement training to participants. Additionally, we offer customized, year-long training curriculums across all divisions and title levels globally for Investment Banking, Fixed Income, Equities and Corporate focused on technical skills, professional development, and management best practices. These training programs are also available to employees of our subsidiaries. In 2022, we introduced our inaugural New Managing Director Promotion Program, a leadership development program tailored to our newly promoted Managing Directors at the firm. 
 Wellness 
 In addition to training and development programs, we continue to be incredibly focused on the physical and mental well-being of our employees. We host frequent wellness webinars and offer confidential, 1:1 wellness counseling globally. To support our employee's physical well-being, we host both in-person and virtual fitness classes and have partnered with a fitness application our employees can utilize. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 The foundation of our culture is our approach to employee engagement, diversity, equity and inclusion, which is summed up in our Corporate Social Responsibility Principle: Respect People. We embrace diversity and inclusion, which we believe fosters creativity, innovation and thought leadership through the infusion of new ideas and perspectives. We have implemented a number of policies and measures focused on non-discrimination, sexual harassment prevention, health and safety, and training and education. We have strong internal partnerships engaging Employee Resource Groups that are fostering a diverse, inclusive workplace. Our Diversity Council, co-sponsored by Rich Handler, our CEO, and Brian Friedman, our President, gives our Employee Resource Groups a platform to come together and discuss best practices, as well as collaborate on firmwide diversity initiatives. 
 In conjunction with the Employee Resource Groups, firmwide Diversity and Inclusion initiatives are focused on open firm-wide dialogues, promotion of allyship and bias mitigation, and providing resources for development and recruiting the best talent from a diverse pool. In 2023, we are rolling out the next iteration of our inclusion training focused on inclusive leadership. We are focused on improving the collection and transparency of diversity metrics and the information flow to senior leadership and utilize an annual inclusion-focused employee engagement survey, which enables staff to provide feedback on an anonymous basis. We have also made a commitment to building a culture that provides opportunities for all employees regardless of our 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 differences. As a result, we are able to pool our collective insights and intelligence to provide fresh and innovative thinking for our clients. 
 
 Our Board has established an ESG, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ESG/DEI Committee, which, among other things, oversees the sustainability matters arising from our business and includes oversight over diversity and inclusion. The ESG/DEI Committee demonstrates our and the Board s ongoing commitment of driving and fostering diversity in the workforce and in the communities in which we operate. 
 We encourage you to review our ESG Report (located on our website) for more detailed information regarding our human capital programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website, including the ESG Report or sections thereof is deemed incorporated by reference into this Report. In addition, for discussion of the risks relating to our ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled and productive employees, see Part 1. Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Employee Benefits 
 Our benefits are designed to attract and retain employees by providing employees and their spouses, partners and families with health and wellness programs (medical, dental, vision and behavioral), retirement wealth accumulation, paid time off, income replacement (paid sick and disability leaves and life insurance) and family-oriented benefits (parental leaves and child care assistance). This year, we rolled out a new benefit for employees to support inclusive fertility health and family-forming benefits to all employees. We also endeavor to provide location specific health club, transportation and employee discounts. 
 Giving Back to Community 
 The firm is committed to giving back to our communities. In 2022, we donated 15.7 million to approximately 28 organizations across two Doing Good trading days. Additionally, through our Employee Resource Groups, employees have created lasting partnerships by volunteering time to support several of these charitable partners. 
 Competition 
 All aspects of our business are intensely competitive. We compete primarily with large global bank holding companies that engage in investment banking and capital markets activities as one of their lines of business and that have greater capital and resources than we do. We also compete against other broker-dealers, asset managers and boutique firms. We believe the principal factors driving our competitiveness include our ability to provide differentiated insights to our clients that lead to better business outcomes; to attract, retain and develop skilled professionals; to deliver a competitive breadth of high quality service offerings; and to maintain a flat, nimble and entrepreneurial culture built on immediacy and client service. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Regulation 
 Regulation in the United States. The financial services industry in which we operate is subject to extensive regulation. In the U.S., the SEC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of federal securities laws, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC is the federal agency responsible for the administration of laws relating to commodity interests (including futures, commodity options and swaps). In addition, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA and the National Futures Association NFA are self-regulatory organizations SROs that are actively involved in the regulation of financial services businesses (securities businesses in the case of FINRA and commodities/futures businesses in the case of the NFA). In addition, broker-dealers that conduct securities activities involving municipal securities are subject to regulation by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board MSRB ). In addition to federal regulation, we are subject to state securities regulations in each state and U.S. territory in which we conduct securities or investment advisory activities. The SEC, FINRA, CFTC, NFA and state securities regulators conduct periodic examinations of broker-dealers, investment advisors, futures commission merchants FCMs ), swap dealers and security-based swap dealers SBS dealers ). The designated examining authority under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act for Jefferies LLC s activities as a broker-dealer is FINRA, and the designated self-regulatory organization under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act for Jefferies LLC s non-clearing FCM activities is the NFA. Financial services businesses are also subject to regulation and examination by state securities regulators and attorneys general in those states in which they do business. In addition, broker-dealers, investment advisors, FCMs, swap dealers and SBS dealers must also comply with the rules and regulation of clearing houses, exchanges, swap execution facilities and trading platforms of which they are a member. 
 Broker-dealers are subject to SEC, FINRA, MSRB and, state securities regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales and trading methods, trade practices among broker-dealers, use and safekeeping of customers funds and securities, capital structure and requirements, anti-money laundering efforts, recordkeeping and the conduct of broker-dealer personnel including officers and employees (although state securities regulations are, in a number of cases, more limited). Registered investment advisors are subject to, among other requirements, SEC regulations concerning marketing, transactions with affiliates, custody of client assets, disclosures to clients, conflict of interest, insider trading and recordkeeping; and investment advisors that are also registered as commodity trading advisors or commodity pool operators are also subject to regulation by the CFTC and the NFA. FCMs, introducing brokers and swap dealers that engage in commodity options, futures or swap transactions are subject to regulation by the CFTC and the NFA, and SBS dealers are subject to regulation by the SEC. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC, FINRA, CFTC, NFA, other SROs of which the broker-dealer is a member, and state securities regulators, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or rules may directly affect the operations and profitability of broker-dealers, investment advisors, FCMs, commodity trading advisors, commodity pool operators, swap dealers and SBS dealers. The SEC, CFTC, FINRA, NFA, state securities regulators and state attorneys general may conduct administrative proceedings or initiate civil litigation that can result in adverse consequences for Jefferies LLC, its affiliates, including affiliated investment advisors, as well as its and their officers and employees (including, without limitation, injunctions, censures, fines, suspensions, directives that impact business operations (including proposed expansions), membership expulsions, or revocations of licenses and registrations). 
 SEC Regulation Best Interest Reg BI requires that a broker-dealer and its associated persons act in a retail customer s best interest and not place their own financial or other interests ahead of a retail customer s interests when recommending securities transactions or investment strategies, including recommendations of types of accounts. To meet this best interest standard, a broker-dealer must satisfy four component obligations including a disclosure obligation, a care obligation, a conflict of interest obligation, and a compliance obligation and both broker-dealers and investment advisors are required to provide disclosures about their standard of conduct and conflicts of interest. 
 In addition, certain states, have proposed or adopted measures that would make broker-dealers, sales agents and investment advisors and their representatives subject to a fiduciary duty when providing products and services to customers. The SEC did not indicate an intent to pre-empt state regulation in this area, and some of the state proposals would allow for a private right of action. Since our Wealth Management division makes recommendations to retail customers, it is required to comply with the obligations imposed under Reg BI and applicable state laws. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Regulatory Capital Requirements. Several of our entities are subject to financial capital requirements that are set by regulation. Jefferies LLC is a dually registered broker-dealer and FCM and is required to maintain net capital in excess of the greater of the SEC or CFTC minimum financial requirements. As a broker-dealer, Jefferies LLC is subject to the SEC s Uniform Net Capital Rule (the Net Capital Rule ). Jefferies LLC has elected to compute its minimum net capital requirement in accordance with the Alternative Net Capital Requirement as permitted by the Net Capital Rule, which provides that a broker-dealer shall not permit its net capital, as defined, to be less than the greater of 2 of its aggregate debit balances (primarily customer-related receivables) or 250,000 1.5 million for prime brokers). Compliance with the Net Capital Rule could limit Jefferies LLC s operations, such as underwriting and trading activities, and financing customers prime brokerage or other margin activities, in each case, that could require the use of significant amounts of capital, limit its ability to engage in certain financing transactions, such as repurchase agreements, and may also restrict its ability (i) to make payments of dividends, withdrawals or similar distributions or payments to a stockholder/parent or other affiliate, (ii) to make a redemption or repurchase of shares of stock, or (iii) to make an unsecured loan or advance to such shareholders or affiliates. As a carrying/clearing broker-dealer, under FINRA Rule 4110, FINRA could impose higher minimum net capital requirements than required by the SEC, and could restrict a broker-dealer from expanding business or require the broker-dealer to reduce its business activities. If the broker dealer also carries accounts for other broker dealers which are engaged in proprietary trading, it may need net capital of 7 million or tentative net capital of 25 million, depending on circumstances. As a non-clearing FCM, Jefferies LLC is also required to maintain minimum adjusted net capital of 1.0 million. 
 SEC registered broker-dealers that also register with the SEC as security-based swap dealers engaging in principal transactions of security-based swaps SBS are subject to rules regarding capital, segregation and margin requirements. The SEC rules establish similar standards for an entity registering as a standalone SBS dealer. The CFTC and NFA have also adopted swap dealer capital rules. Under the rules there is a minimum net capital requirement for, among others, an entity that acts as a dealer in SBS or swaps, which is the greater of 20 million or 2 (that the SEC could, in the future, increase up to 4 or 8 of a risk margin amount. The risk margin amount for the SEC means the sum of (i) the total initial margin required to be maintained by the SEC-registered SBS dealer at each clearinghouse with respect to SBS or swap transactions cleared for SBS or swap customers and (ii) the total initial margin amount calculated by the SEC-registered SBS dealer with respect to non-cleared SBS and swaps under the SEC rules. The risk margin amount for the CFTC means the total initial margin amount calculated by the CFTC-registered swap dealer with respect to non-cleared SBS and swaps under the CFTC rules. 
 Jefferies Financial Services, Inc. JFSI ), one of our subsidiaries, is registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and registered with the SEC as an SBS and is required to comply with the SEC and CFTC capital rules for SBS dealers and swap dealers, respectively. Further, as an OTC derivatives dealer, JFSI is subject to compliance with the SEC s net capital requirements. 
 Under the Exchange Act, state securities regulators are not permitted to impose capital, margin, custody, financial responsibility, making and keeping records, bonding, or financial or operational reporting requirements on registered broker-dealers that differ from, or are in addition to, the requirements in those areas established under the Exchange Act, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 For additional information see Item 1A. Risk Factors - Legislation and regulation may significantly affect our business. 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. is not subject to any regulatory capital rules. 
 See Net Capital within Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis and Note 23, Net Capital Requirements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of net capital calculations. 
 Regulation outside the United States. We are an active participant in the international capital markets and provide investment banking services internationally, primarily in Europe and the Middle East and Asia. As in the U.S., our international subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulations proposed, promulgated and enforced by, among other regulatory bodies, the European Commission and European Supervisory Authorities (including the European Banking Authority and European Securities and Market Authority), U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority BaFin ), Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, the Japan Financial Services Agency, the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Every country in which we do business imposes upon us laws, rules and regulations similar to those in the U.S., including with respect to some form of capital adequacy rules, customer protection rules, data protection regulations, anti-money laundering and anti-bribery rules, compliance with other applicable trading and investment banking regulations and similar regulatory reform. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Factors Affecting Our Business 
 The following factors describe some of the assumptions, risks, uncertainties and other factors that could adversely affect our business or that could necessitate unforeseen changes to the ways we operate our businesses or could otherwise result in changes that differ materially from our expectations. In addition to the specific factors mentioned in this report, we may also be affected by other factors that affect businesses generally, such as global or regional changes in economic, business or political conditions, acts of war, terrorism, pandemics, climate change, and natural disasters. 
 Market and Liquidity Risks 
 Our business is subject to significant credit risk. 
 In the normal course of our businesses, we are involved in the execution, settlement and financing of various customer and principal securities and derivative transactions. These activities are transacted on a cash, margin or delivery-versus-payment basis and are subject to the risk of counterparty or customer nonperformance. Even when transactions are collateralized by the underlying security or other securities, we still face the risks associated with changes in the market value of the collateral through settlement date or during the time when margin is extended and collateral has not been secured or the counterparty defaults before collateral or margin can be adjusted. We may also incur credit risk in our derivative transactions to the extent such transactions result in uncollateralized credit exposure to our counterparties. 
 We seek to control the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits and by monitoring collateral and transaction levels daily. We may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral or return collateral pledged. In certain circumstances, we may, under industry regulations, purchase the underlying securities in the market and seek reimbursement for any losses from the counterparty. However, there can be no assurances that our risk controls will be successful. 
 We are exposed to market risk and our principal trading and investments expose us to risk of loss. 
 Market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including trading account assets and liabilities, loans, securities, short-term borrowings, corporate debt, and derivatives. Market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, relative exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer. 
 In addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate, or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. The inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 A considerable portion of our revenues is derived from trading in which we act as principal. We may incur trading losses relating to the purchase, sale or short sale of fixed income, high yield, international, convertible, and equity securities, loans, derivative contracts and commodities for our own account. In any period, we may experience losses on our inventory positions as a result of the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices (including oil prices), lack of trading volume and illiquidity. From time to time, we may engage in a large block trade in a single security or maintain large position concentrations in a single security, securities of a single issuer, securities of issuers engaged in a specific industry, or securities from issuers located in a particular country or region. In general, because our inventory is marked to market on a daily basis, any adverse price movement in these securities could result in a reduction of our revenues and profits. In addition, we may engage in hedging transactions that if not successful, could result in losses. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Risk Management within Part II, Item 7. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 A credit-rating agency downgrade could significantly impact our business. 
 Maintaining an investment grade credit rating is important to our business and financial condition. If our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, which could adversely affect our client relationships. Additionally, we intend to access the capital markets and issue debt securities from time to time, and a decrease in our credit ratings or outlook could adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, decrease demand for our debt securities and increase the expense and difficulty of financing our operations. In addition, in connection with certain over-the-counter derivative contract arrangements and certain other trading arrangements, we may be required to provide additional collateral to counterparties, exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of a credit rating downgrade. Such a downgrade could also negatively impact the prices of our debt securities. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded. 
 We may be adversely affected by changes in or the discontinuance of Interbank Offered Rates IBORs ), in particular, London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR . 
 Central banks and regulators in a number of major jurisdictions (for example, the U.S., U.K., European Union EU ), Switzerland and Japan) have convened working groups to find, and implement the transition to, suitable replacements for IBORs. On January 1, 2022, the publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities and all non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities ceased and the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities will cease immediately after June 30, 2023. Accordingly, many existing LIBOR obligations will transition to another benchmark after June 30, 2023 or, in some cases, have already transitioned. It is not possible to know what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may have on the financial markets for LIBOR-linked financial instruments. Similar developments have occurred with respect to other IBORs. 
 We continue to work towards reducing our exposure to IBOR-referencing contracts, including derivatives, securities, and other financial products, to meet the industry milestones and recommendations published by National Working Groups NWG ), including the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC in the U.S. 
 On October 23, 2020, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ISDA published a new supplement to the ISDA 2006 definitions and the related 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol (the Protocol ). These publications are intended to facilitate the incorporation of robust rate fallback provisions into both legacy and new derivative contracts with effect from January 25, 2021. A significant portion of our derivative exposures have incorporated the Protocol. 
 Our centralized LIBOR transition program continues to make progress with a focus on: 
 continuing to reduce our overall exposure to LIBOR, 
 implementing rate fallback provisions in new LIBOR contracts, where appropriate, 
 continuing to educate and inform clients on LIBOR transition and the necessity to prepare for the cessation of LIBOR, 
 assisting clients with discontinuing their issuance or use of LIBOR-linked products within the timelines specified by NWGs, 
 supporting clients in their efforts to remediate contracts linked to LIBOR, including contracts to which we are a party, and 
 planning for the implementation of rate fallback mechanisms across products based on the conventions recommended by NWGs. 
 Uncertainty regarding IBORs and the taking of discretionary actions or negotiation of rate fallback provisions could result in pricing volatility, loss of market share in certain products, adverse tax or accounting impacts, compliance, legal and operational costs and risks associated with client disclosures, as well as systems disruption, model disruption and other business continuity issues. In addition, uncertainty relating to IBORs could result in increased capital requirements for us given potential low transaction volumes, a lack of liquidity or limited observability for exposures linked to IBORs or any emerging successor rates and operational incidents associated with changes in and the discontinuance of IBORs. 
 The language in our contracts and financial instruments that define IBORs, in particular LIBOR, have developed over time and have various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate would be selected. If a trigger is satisfied, contracts and financial instruments often give the calculation agent (which may be us) discretion over the successor rate or benchmark to be selected. As a result, there is considerable uncertainty as to how the financial services industry will address the discontinuance of designated rates in contracts and financial instruments or such designated rates ceasing to be acceptable reference rates. This uncertainty could ultimately result in client disputes and litigation surrounding the proper interpretation of our IBOR-based contracts and financial instruments. Although we have adhered to the Protocol, it is applicable only to derivatives when both parties adhere to the Protocol or otherwise agree for it to apply to their derivatives. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Further, the discontinuation of an IBOR, changes in an IBOR or changes in market acceptance of any IBOR as a reference rate may also adversely affect the yield on loans or securities held by us, amounts paid on securities we have issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments we have entered into, the value of such loans, securities or derivative instruments, the trading market for securities, the terms of new loans being made using different or modified reference rates, our ability to effectively use derivative instruments to manage risk, or the availability or cost of our floating-rate funding and our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. 
 As a holding company, we are dependent for liquidity from payments from our subsidiaries, many of which are subject to restrictions. 
 As a holding company, we depend on dividends, distributions and other payments from our subsidiaries to fund payments on our obligations, including debt obligations. Many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to regulation that restrict dividend payments or reduce the availability of the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to us. In addition, our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and are required to maintain minimum regulatory capital requirements. 
 From time to time we may invest in securities that are illiquid or subject to restrictions. 
 From time to time we may invest in securities that are subject to restrictions which prohibit us from selling the securities for a period of time. Such agreements may limit our ability to generate liquidity quickly through the disposition of the underlying investment while the agreement is effective. 
 Economic Environment Risks 
 The effects of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 have negatively affected the global economy, the United States economy and the global financial markets, and may continue to disrupt our operations and our clients operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the international and United States economies and financial markets. The spread of COVID-19 has caused illness, quarantines, cancellation of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in business activity and financial transactions, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. The ongoing effects of COVID-19 remain challenging to predict due to multiple uncertainties, including the transmissibility, severity, duration and resurgences of the outbreak; new virus variants and the potential extent of their spread; the application and effectiveness of health and safety measures that are voluntarily adopted by the public or required by governments or public health authorities, including vaccines and treatments; the speed and strength of an economic recovery; and the impact to our employees and our operations, our clients operations, suppliers and business partners. Impacts to our business could be widespread and global, and material impacts may be possible, including the following: 
 Employees contracting COVID-19 
 Reductions in our operating effectiveness as our employees work from home or disaster-recovery locations 
 Unavailability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business activities 
 Unprecedented volatility in global financial markets 
 Reductions in revenue across our operating businesses 
 Closure of our offices or the offices of our clients 
 De-globalization 
 Potential regulatory scrutiny of our ability to adequately supervise our activities in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements 
 Risk of cyber attacks or security vulnerabilities due to remote work environments and other changes in our operations 
 We are taking necessary and recommended precautions to protect the safety and well-being of our employees and clients. However, no assurance can be given that the steps being taken will be deemed to be adequate or appropriate, nor can we predict the level of disruption which will occur to our employees ability to provide client support and service. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact to our business. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak has in the past, and may in the future, materially negatively impact stock and other securities prices and materially disrupt banking and other financial activity generally and in the areas in which we operate. This could likely result in a decline in demand for our products and services, which would negatively impact our liquidity position and our growth strategy. Any one or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our and our consolidated subsidiaries business, operations, consolidated financial condition, and consolidated results of operations. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 We may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, cybersecurity incidents and events, terrorist attacks, war, trade policies, military conflict, climate-related incidents, or other natural disasters. 
 The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, or other widespread health emergency (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), cybersecurity incidents and events, terrorist attacks, war, trade policies, military conflict, extreme climate-related incidents or events or other natural disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses. For instance, military conflict and escalating tensions between Russia and Ukraine have and may continue to result in geopolitical instability and adversely affect the global economy or specific markets, which could continue to have an adverse impact or cause volatility in the financial services industry generally or on our results of operations and financial conditions. In addition, these geopolitical tensions can cause an increase in volatility in commodity and energy prices, creating supply chain issues, and causing instability in financial markets. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflict could further adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others, could exacerbate market and economic instability. While we do not have any operations in Russia or any clients with significant Russian operations and we have minimal market risk related to securities of companies either domiciled or operating in Russia, the specific consequences of the conflict in Ukraine on our business is difficult to predict at this time, but in addition to inflationary pressures affecting our operations, we may also experience an increase in cyberattacks against us and our third-party service providers from Russia or its allies. 
 Climate change concerns and incidents could disrupt our businesses, adversely affect the profitability of certain of our investments, adversely affect client activity levels, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our counterparties, and damage our reputation. 
 Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our or our customer s or client s locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our clients, and also may adversely affect the value of certain of our investments, including our real estate investments. Climate change, as well as uncertainties related to the transition to a lower carbon dependent economy, may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. Additionally, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. 
 New regulations or guidance relating to climate change and the transition to a lower carbon dependent economy, as well as the perspectives of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on what terms and conditions we engage in certain activities or offer certain products, as well as impact our business reputation and efforts to recruit and retain employees and customers. 
 Abrupt changes in market and general economic conditions have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our business and profitability and cause volatility in our results of operations. 
 Economic and market conditions have had, and will continue to have, a direct and material impact on our results of operations and financial condition because performance in the financial services industry is heavily influenced by the overall strength of general economic conditions and financial market activity. 
 Our investment banking revenue, in the form of advisory services and underwriting, is directly related to general economic conditions and corresponding financial market activity. When the outlook for such economic conditions is uncertain or negative, financial market activity generally tends to decrease, which reduces our investment banking revenues. Reduced expectations of U.S. economic growth or a decline in the global economic outlook could cause financial market activity to decrease and negatively affect our investment banking revenues. 
 A sustained and continuing market downturn could lead to or exacerbate declines in the number of securities transactions executed for clients and, therefore, to a decline in the revenues we receive from commissions and spreads. Correspondingly, a reduction of prices of the securities we hold in inventory or as investments would lead to reduced revenues. 
 Revenues from our asset management businesses have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by declining securities prices, as well as widely fluctuating securities prices. Because our asset management businesses hold long and short positions in equity and debt securities, changes in the prices of these securities, as well as any decrease in the liquidity of these securities, may materially and adversely affect our revenues from asset management. 

14 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Similarly, our merchant banking businesses may suffer from the above-mentioned impacts of fluctuations in economic and market conditions, including reductions in business activity and financial transactions, labor shortages, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. In addition, other factors, most of which are outside of our control, can affect our merchant banking businesses, including the state of the real estate market, the state of the Italian telecommunications market, and the state of international market and economic conditions which impact trading volume and currency volatility, and changes in regulatory requirements. 
 In addition, global economic conditions and global financial markets remain vulnerable to the potential risks posed by certain events, which could include, among other things, level and volatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, economic growth or its sustainability, unforeseen changes to gross domestic product, inflation, energy prices, fluctuations or other changes in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, political and financial uncertainty in the United States and the European Union, ongoing concern about Asia s economies, global supply disruptions, complications involving terrorism and armed conflicts around the world (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine), or other challenges to global trade or travel, such as those that have occurred due to the COVID-19 pandemic. More generally, because our business is closely correlated to the general economic outlook, a significant deterioration in that outlook or realization of certain events would likely have an immediate and significant negative impact on our business and overall results of operations. 
 Changing financial, economic and political conditions could result in decreased revenues, losses or other adverse consequences. 
 Global or regional changes in the financial markets or economic and political conditions could adversely affect our business in many ways, including the following: 
 A market downturn, potential recession and high inflation, as well as declines in consumer confidence and increase in unemployment rates, could lead to a decline in the volume of transactions executed for customers and, therefore, to a decline in the revenues we receive from commissions and spreads. Any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, hostile third-party action or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions could adversely affect our general business strategies; 
 Unfavorable conditions or changes in general political, economic or market conditions could reduce the number and size of transactions in which we provide underwriting, financial advisory and other services. Our investment banking revenues, in the form of financial advisory and sales and trading or placement fees, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in which we participate and could therefore be adversely affected by unfavorable financial, economic or political conditions. In particular, the increasing trend toward sovereign protectionism and de-globalization has resulted or could result in decreases in free trade, erosion of traditional international coalitions, the imposition of sanctions and tariffs, governmental closures and no-confidence votes, domestic and international strife, and general market upheaval in response to such results, all of which could negatively impact our business; 
 Adverse changes in the securities markets could lead to a reduction in revenues from asset management fees and losses on our own capital invested in managed funds. Even in the absence of a market downturn, below-market investment performance by our funds and portfolio managers could reduce asset management revenues and assets under management and result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors; 
 Adverse changes in the financial markets could lead to regulatory restrictions that may limit or halt certain of our business activities; 
 Limitations on the availability of credit can affect our ability to borrow on a secured or unsecured basis, which may adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Global market and economic conditions have been particularly disrupted and volatile in the last several years and may be in the future. Our cost and availability of funding could be affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads; 
 New or increased taxes on compensation payments such as bonuses may adversely affect our profits; 
 Should one of our clients or competitors fail, our business prospects and revenue could be negatively impacted due to negative market sentiment causing clients to cease doing business with us and our lenders to cease loaning us money, which could adversely affect our business, funding and liquidity; 
 Unfavorable economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the demand for new loans and the servicing of loans originated by third-parties, which would have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of some of our financial services businesses 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Operational Risks 
 Damage to our reputation could damage our business. 
 Maintaining our reputation is critical to our attracting and maintaining customers, investors and employees. If we fail to deal with, or appear to fail to deal with, various issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. These issues include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this Item 1A, appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money-laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record keeping, sales and trading practices, failure to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity and market risks inherent in our products. A failure to deliver appropriate standards of service and quality, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly, can result in customer dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. Further, negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may also result in harm to our prospects. Our operations in the past have been impacted as some clients either ceased doing business or temporarily slowed down the level of business they do, thereby decreasing our revenue. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully reverse the negative impact of allegations and rumors in the future and our potential failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We may incur losses if our risk management is not effective. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure. Our risk management processes and procedures are designed to limit our exposure to acceptable levels as we conduct our business. We apply a comprehensive framework of limits on a variety of key metrics to constrain the risk profile of our business activities. These limits reflect our risk tolerances for business activity. Our framework includes inventory position and exposure limits on a gross and net basis, scenario analysis and stress tests, Value-at-Risk, sensitivities, exposure concentrations, aged inventory, amount of Level 3 assets, counterparty exposure, leverage, cash capital and performance analysis. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Risk Management within Part II. Item 7. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. While we employ various risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application, including risk tolerance determinations, cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. As a result, we may incur losses notwithstanding our risk management processes and procedures. 
 The ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled and productive employees is critical to the success of our business. 
 Our ability to develop and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, business generation capabilities and skills of our professionals. To compete effectively, we must attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals, including successful investment bankers, sales and trading professionals, research professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue producing or specialized personnel, in addition to qualified, successful personnel in functional, non-revenue producing roles. Competitive pressures we experience with respect to employees could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Turnover in the financial services industry is high. The cost of retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has escalated considerably. Financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. These can be important factors in a current employee s decision to leave us as well as in a prospective employee s decision to join us. As competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attracting and retaining qualified personnel. 
 If we were to lose the services of certain of our professionals, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. If we are unable to retain our professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. Further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses frequently require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues. 
 Moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors often claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. We may be subject to such claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel who have worked for our competitors. Some of these claims may result in material litigation. We could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. Such claims could also discourage potential employees who work for our competitors from joining us. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Operational risks may disrupt our business, result in regulatory action against us or limit our growth. 
 Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies, and the transactions we process have become increasingly complex. If any of our financial, accounting or other data processing systems do not operate properly, or are disabled, or if there are other shortcomings or failures in our internal processes, people or systems, we could suffer an impairment to our liquidity, financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services or our inability to occupy one or more of our buildings. The inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume and complexity of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand our businesses. 
 Certain of our financial and other data processing systems rely on access to and the functionality of operating systems maintained by third-parties. If the accounting, trading or other data processing systems on which we are dependent are unable to meet increasingly demanding standards for processing and security or, if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be adversely affected. Such consequences may include our inability to effect transactions and manage our exposure to risk. 
 In addition, despite the contingency plans we have in place, our ability to conduct business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which they are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation or other services used by us or third-parties with which we conduct business. 
 Any cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach of, or vulnerability in, our technology systems, or those of our clients, partners, counterparties, or other third-party service providers we rely on, could have operational impacts, subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation. 
 Our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. In recent years, there have been several highly publicized incidents involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information, as well as cyber attacks involving theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, which in some cases occurred as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third-parties. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third-parties affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime or terrorist organizations, and malicious individuals both outside and inside a targeted company. Retaliatory acts by Russia or its allies in response to economic sanctions or other measures taken by the global community arising from the Russia-Ukraine conflict could result in an increased number and/or severity of cyber attacks. Malicious actors may also attempt to compromise or induce our induce employees, clients or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. 
 Like other financial services firms, we and our third-party service providers have been the target of cyber attacks. Although we and our service providers regularly defend against, respond to and mitigate the risks of cyberattacks, cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms and industry generally are on the rise. We are not aware of any material losses we have incurred relating to cyber attacks or other information security breaches. The techniques and malware used in these cyber attacks and cybersecurity incidents are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched because they are novel. Although we monitor the changing cybersecurity risk environment and seek to maintain reasonable security measures, including a suite of authentication and layered information security controls, no security measures are infallible, and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will always work or that they will detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. Despite our implementation of reasonable security measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service attacks, ransomware, computer viruses and other malicious code, as well as human error, natural disaster, power loss, and other events that could damage to our reputation, impact the security and stability of our operations, and expose us to class action lawsuits and regulatory investigation, action, and penalties, and significant liability. 
 We also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. While we evaluate the information security programs and defenses of third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that our reviews and oversight will identify all potential information security weaknesses, or that our vendors information security protocols are or will be sufficient to withstand or adequately respond to a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach. In addition, in order to access our products and services, or trade with us, our customers and counterparties may use networks, computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems and processes. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. As attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our reasonable security measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber attacks, cybersecurity incidents, or other information security breaches to our customers, partners, third-party service providers, and counterparties. Though we have insurance against some cyber risks and attacks, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our insurance policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. A technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. Successful cyber attacks, cybersecurity incidents, or other information security breaches at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in a loss of business. 
 Further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, and the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. We expect that any investigation of a cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach would take substantial amounts of time and resources, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm caused by the cyber attack, cybersecurity incident, or other information security breach or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated. All of these factors could further increase the costs and consequences of such a cyber attack or cybersecurity incident. In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. and non-U.S. federal and state laws governing privacy and cybersecurity. If any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. In addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system compromise or failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. Depending on the circumstances giving rise to the information security breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages. 
 Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. 
 There is a risk that our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. For example, our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. We are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. In addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice, and discretionary asset management. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective against certain misconduct, including conduct which is difficult to detect. The occurrence of significant employee misconduct could have a material adverse financial effect or cause us significant reputational harm and/or legal and regulatory liability, which in turn could seriously harm our business and our prospects. 
 We may not be able to insure certain risks economically. 
 We cannot be certain that we will be able to insure all risks that we desire to insure economically or that all of our insurers or reinsurers will be financially viable if we make a claim. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits should occur, or if we are required to pay a deductible for an insured loss, results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Future acquisitions and dispositions of our businesses and investments are possible, changing the components of our assets and liabilities, and if unsuccessful or unfavorable, could reduce the value of our securities. 
 Any future acquisitions or dispositions may result in significant changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities, as well as our business mix and prospects. Consequently, our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our securities may be affected by factors different from those affecting our financial condition, results of operations and trading price at the present time. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Our investment in Jefferies Finance may not prove to be successful and may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Many factors, most of which are outside of our control, can affect Jefferies Finance s business, including adverse investment banking and capital market conditions leading to a decline of syndicate loans, inability of borrowers to repay commitments, adverse changes to a borrower s credit worthiness, and other factors that directly and indirectly effect the results of operations, and consequently may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our investment in Berkadia may not prove to be successful and may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Many factors, most of which are outside of our control, can affect Berkadia's business, including loan losses in excess of reserves, a change in the relationships with U.S. Government-Sponsored Enterprises or federal agencies, a significant loss of customers, and other factors that directly and indirectly effect the results of operations, including the sales and profitability of Berkadia, and consequently may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 If Berkadia suffered significant losses and was unable to repay its commercial paper borrowings, we would be exposed to loss pursuant to a reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway. 
 Berkadia obtains funds generated by commercial paper sales of an affiliate of Berkadia. All of the proceeds from the commercial paper sales are used by Berkadia to fund new mortgage loans, servicer advances, investments and other working capital requirements. Repayment of the commercial paper is supported by a 1.5 billion surety policy issued by a Berkshire Hathaway insurance subsidiary and a Berkshire Hathaway corporate guaranty, and we have agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for one-half of any losses incurred thereunder. If Berkadia suffers significant losses and is unable to repay its commercial paper borrowings, we would suffer losses to the extent of our reimbursement obligation to Berkshire Hathaway. 
 Legal, Legislation and Regulation Risks 
 Legislation and regulation may significantly affect our business. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations adopted by the CFTC and the SEC introduced a comprehensive regulatory regime for swaps and SBS and parties that deal in such derivatives. One of our subsidiaries is registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC and is a member of the NFA, is registered as a security-based swap dealer with the SEC and is registered with the SEC as an OTC Derivatives Dealer. We have incurred significant compliance and operational costs as a result of the swaps and SBS rules adopted by the CFTC and SEC pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, and we expect that the complex regulatory framework will continue to require significant monitoring and compliance expenditures. Negative effects could result from an expansive extraterritorial application of the Dodd-Frank Act and/or insufficient international coordination with respect to adoption of rules for derivatives and other financial reforms in other jurisdictions. 
 Similar types of swap regulation have been proposed or adopted in jurisdictions outside the U.S., including in the EU, the U.K. and Japan. For example, the EU and the U.K. have established regulatory requirements relating to portfolio reconciliation and reporting, clearing certain OTC derivatives and margining for uncleared derivatives activities under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation EMIR ). 
 The Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation and a revision of the Market in Financial Instruments Directive (collectively referred to as MiFID II imposes certain restrictions as to the trading of shares and derivatives including market structure-related, reporting, investor protection-related and organizational requirements, requirements on pre- and post-trade transparency, requirements to use certain venues when trading financial instruments (which includes shares and certain derivative instruments), requirements affecting the way investment managers can obtain research, powers of regulators to impose position limits and provisions on regulatory sanctions. 
 The EU capital and liquidity legislation for banks implemented many of the finalized Basel III capital and liquidity standards, including in relation to the leverage ratio, market risk capital, and a net stable funding ratio. Certain of these changes began to be phased in from June 2021, and further changes will be required to be implemented from 2023. In addition, new prudential regimes for investment firms are in the process of being implemented in both the EU and the UK for MiFID authorized investment firms. The Investment Firms Regulation (IFR) and the Investment Firms Directive (IFD), being applicable to the UK and Europe, whilst simplifying the capital treatment for investments firms such as the UK entity, Jefferies International Limited, and, its European subsidiary, Jefferies GmbH, will include a requirement that a certain amount of variable remuneration for material risk takers be paid in non-cash instruments and have a deferral element. Implementation of this requirement is effective from the financial year commencing December 1, 2022 for Jefferies International Limited and Jefferies GmbH. Consequently, we are adapting our remuneration structures for those employees identified as material risk takers. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Significant new legislation and regulation affecting the financial services industry is regularly proposed and sometimes adopted. These legislative and regulatory initiatives affect not only us, but also our competitors and certain of our clients. These changes could have an effect on our revenue and profitability, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, impact the value of assets that we hold, require us to change certain business practices, impose additional costs on us and otherwise adversely affect our business. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that legislation and regulation will not eventually have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In the U.S., such initiatives frequently arise in the aftermath of elections that change the party of the president or the majority party in the House and/or Senate. 
 Increasing regulatory focus on evolving privacy and security issues and expanding laws could impact our businesses and investments and expose us to increased liability. 
 The EU General Data Protection Regulation (the EU GDPR or GDPR applies in all EU Member States and also applies to entities established outside of the EU where such entity processes personal data in relation to: (i) the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA; or (ii) monitoring the behavior of data subjects as far as that behavior takes place in the EEA. The UK has implemented the GDPR as part of its national law (referred to as the UK GDPR ). The GDPR imposes a number of obligations on companies, including, without limitation: accountability and transparency requirements; compliance with the data protection rights of data subjects; and the prompt reporting of certain personal data breaches to both (1) the relevant data supervisory authority without undue delay unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the data subject s rights and freedoms; and (2) impacted individuals where the personal data breach is likely to result in a high risk with regard to their rights and freedoms. 
 The EU GDPR also includes restrictions on the transfers of personal data from the EEA to jurisdictions that are not recognized as having adequate data protection laws . Obligations under the EU GDPR and implementing Member State legislation continue to evolve through legislation and regulatory guidance, for example imposing further restrictions on use of the standard contractual clauses SCCs to transfer data to third countries by requiring companies to carry out a transfer privacy impact assessment. 
 The EU GDPR imposes significant fines for serious non-compliance of up to the higher of 4 of an organization s annual worldwide turnover or 20 million (or approximately 17.5 million under the UK GDPR). The EU GDPR identifies a list of points to consider when determining the level of fines to impose (including the nature, gravity and duration of the infringement). Data subjects also have a right to compensation as a result of infringement of the EU GDPR for financial or non-financial losses. 
 The EU GDPR s data protection obligations apply in the United Kingdom in substantially unvaried form under UK GDPR . The UK GDPR exists alongside the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and its requirements are largely aligned with those under the EU GDPR and as such, may lead to similar compliance and operational costs with potential fines of up to 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. 
 Other privacy laws at both federal and state levels are in effect in the U.S. and other regions, many of which involve heightened compliance obligations similar to those under GDPR. The privacy and cybersecurity legislative and regulatory landscape is evolving rapidly, and numerous proposals regarding privacy and cybersecurity are pending before U.S. and non-U.S. legislative and regulatory bodies. The adopted form of such developing legislation and regulation will determine the level of any resources which we will need to invest to ensure compliance. In the event of non-compliance with privacy laws and regulations, we could face significant administrative and monetary sanctions as well as reputational damage which may have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Extensive regulation of our business limits our activities, and, if we violate these regulations, we may be subject to significant penalties. 
 We are subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations in the countries in which we operate. Firms that engage in providing financial services must comply with the laws, rules and regulations imposed by national and state governments and regulatory and self-regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over such activities. Such laws, rules and regulations cover many aspects of providing financial services. 
 Our regulators supervise our business activities to monitor compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. In addition, if there are instances in which our regulators question our compliance with laws, rules, or regulations, they may investigate the facts and circumstances to determine whether we have complied. At any moment in time, we may be subject to one or more such investigations or similar reviews. At this time, all such investigations and similar reviews are insignificant in scope and immaterial to us. However, there can be no assurance that, in the future, the operations of our businesses will not violate such laws, rules, or regulations, or that such investigations and similar reviews will not result in significant or material adverse regulatory requirements, regulatory enforcement actions, fines or other adverse impact to the operation of our business. 
 Additionally, violations of laws, rules and regulations could subject us to one or more of the following events: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries registrations as investment advisors or 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory financial capital holding requirements that could impact various capital allocation decisions or limit the operations of our broker-dealers. In particular, compliance with the financial capital holding requirement may restrict our broker-dealers ability to engage in capital-intensive activities such as underwriting and trading, and may also limit their ability to make loans, advances, dividends and other payments and may restrict our swap dealers ability to execute certain derivative transactions. 
 Additional legislation, changes in rules, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, conflicts and inconsistencies among rules and regulations, or the entering into businesses that subject us to new rules and regulations may directly affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to monitor the impact of new U.S. and international regulation on our businesses. 
 Legal liability may harm our business. 
 Many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability, and in the normal course of business, we have been named as a defendant or codefendant in lawsuits involving primarily claims for damages. The risks associated with potential legal liabilities often may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The expansion of our business, including increases in the number and size of investment banking transactions and our expansion into new areas impose greater risks of liability. Substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial effect or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and our prospects. 
 A change in tax laws in key jurisdictions could materially increase our tax expense. 
 We are subject to tax in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Changes to income tax laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or in the interpretation of such laws, or the introduction of new taxes, could significantly increase our effective tax rate and ultimately reduce our cash flow from operating activities and otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 If our tax filing positions were to be challenged by federal, state and local, or foreign tax jurisdictions, we may not be wholly successful in defending our tax filing positions. 
 We record reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based on our assessment of the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions. Management exercises significant judgment when assessing the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions, and in determining whether a contingent tax liability should be recorded and, if so, estimating the amount. If our tax filing positions are successfully challenged, payments could be required that are in excess of reserved amounts or we may be required to reduce the carrying amount of our net deferred tax asset, either of which result could be significant to our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our global headquarters and principal executive offices are located at 520 Madison Avenue, New York, New York with our European and the Middle East headquarters in London and our Asia headquarters in Hong Kong and other offices and operations located across the U.S. and around the world. In addition, we maintain backup data center facilities with redundant technologies for each of our three main data center hubs in Jersey City, London and Hong Kong. We lease all of our office space, or contract via service arrangement, which management believes is adequate for our business. 
 Additionally, we lease other warehousing and office facilities and own and develop various real estate properties in the U.S. The facilities vary in size and have leases expiring at various times, subject, in certain instances, to renewal options. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of legal and regulatory liability. In the normal course of business, we have been named as defendants or co-defendants in lawsuits involving primarily claims for damages. We are also involved in a number of regulatory matters, including exams, investigations and similar reviews, arising out of the conduct of our business. Based on currently available information, we do not believe that any pending matter will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol JEF. As of January 19, 2023, there were approximately 1,349 record holders of the common shares. 
 We paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.30 per share for each quarter of 2022. We paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.20 per share for each of the first two quarters of 2021 and 0.25 per share for each of the last two quarters of 2021. We paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.15 per share for each quarter of 2020. In January 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.30 per share. The payment of dividends in the future is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon general business conditions, legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem to be relevant. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, we purchased a total of 25.6 million of our common shares for 859.6 million, or an average price of 33.58 per share, including 22.2 million of our common shares in the open market for 737.4 million under our Board of Director authorization, and 3.4 million shares of our common stock for 122.2 million in connection with net-share settlements under our equity compensation plan. Our equity compensation plan allows participants to surrender shares to satisfy certain tax liabilities arising from the vesting of restricted shares and the distribution of restricted share units. Over the last five years, we returned 5.0 billion in total capital to shareholders, including 152.8 million shares repurchased at an average of 23.57 per share. 
 At November 30, 2022, we had approximately 158.6 million available for future repurchases. In January 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization back up to 250.0 million. 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report. 
 The following table presents information on our purchases of our common shares during the three months ended November 30, 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) September 1, 2022 to September 30, 2022 
 1,160,000 29.58 1,160,000 245,271 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 
 2,713,000 31.96 2,713,000 158,570 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 
 158,570 Total 3,873,000 3,873,000 
 (1) In September 2022, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by 145.9 million to 250.0 million. At November 30, 2022, 158.6 million remains available for future purchases. In January 2023, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization back up to 250.0 million. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 Set forth below is a graph comparing the cumulative total stockholder return on our common shares against the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index and the Standard Poor's 500 Financials Index for the period commencing December 31, 2017 to November 30, 2022. Index data was furnished by S P Global Market Intelligence. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock, the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Financials Index and that all dividends were reinvested. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report may contain or incorporate by reference certain forward looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements about our future and statements that are not historical or current facts. These forward looking statements are often preceded by the words should, expect, believe, intend, may, will, would, could or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may contain expectations regarding revenues, earnings, operations and other results, and may include statements of future performance, plans and objectives. Forward looking statements also include statements pertaining to our strategies for future development of our business and products. Forward looking statements represent only our belief regarding future events, many of which by their nature are inherently uncertain. It is possible that the actual results may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Information regarding important factors that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those in our forward looking statements is contained in this report and other documents we file. You should read and interpret any forward looking statement together with these documents, including the following: 
 the description of our business contained in this report under the caption Business 
 the risk factors contained in this report under the caption Risk Factors 
 the discussion of our analysis of financial condition and results of operations contained in this report under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein; 
 the discussion of our risk management policies, procedures and methodologies contained in this report under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management herein; 
 the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report; and 
 cautionary statements we make in our public documents, reports and announcements. 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which the statement is made, except as required by applicable law. 
 Our business, by its nature, does not produce predictable or necessarily recurring earnings. Our results in any given period can be materially affected by conditions in global financial markets, economic conditions generally and our own activities and positions. For a further discussion of the factors that may affect our future operating results, see the risk factors contained in this report under the caption Risk Factors . 
 Our results of operations for the years ended November 30, 2022 2022 ), November 30, 2021 2021 and November 30, 2020 2020 are discussed below. Additionally, for a further discussion of our results of operations for the year ended November 30, 2021 2021 and our 2021 results of operations as compared with our 2020 results of operations, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2021, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on January 28, 2022, and Exhibit 99.1, Part II, Item 7 of our Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on October 7, 2022. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Jefferies Group LLC Merger into Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 On November 1, 2022, we simplified our corporate structure by merging Jefferies Group LLC with and into Jefferies Financial Group Inc. This merger eliminated the requirement for two sets of SEC filings and other duplicative processes. In connection with the merger, we have reclassified the presentation of certain line items within our Consolidated Statements of Earnings to streamline our financial statements and better align the presentation of our firm with our strategy of building our investment banking and capital markets and asset management businesses as we continue to reduce our legacy merchant banking portfolio. Prior year amounts have been revised to conform to these reclassification and presentation changes to current year reporting. Refer to Note 1, Organization and Basis of Presentation, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Overview 
 The following table provides an overview of our consolidated results of operations (dollars in thousands): 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Net revenues 5,978,838 8,013,826 5,850,521 (25.4) 37.0 Non-interest expenses 4,923,276 5,759,721 4,783,438 (14.5) 20.4 Earnings before income taxes 1,055,562 2,254,105 1,067,083 (53.2) 111.2 Income tax expense 273,852 576,729 298,673 (52.5) 93.1 Net earnings 781,710 1,677,376 768,410 (53.4) 118.3 Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (2,397) 3,850 (5,271) N/M N/M Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (1,342) (826) (1,558) 62.5 (47.0) Preferred stock dividends 8,281 6,949 5,634 19.2 23.3 Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 777,168 1,667,403 769,605 (53.4) 116.7 Effective Tax Rate 25.9 25.6 28.0 
 N/M Not Meaningful 
 
 Executive Summary 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Consolidated Results 
 Net revenues for 2022 were 5.98 billion, compared with the prior year s all-time record of 8.01 billion for 2021. Results in 2022 reflect strong advisory revenues, offset by lower results in most of our other businesses. 
 Earnings before income taxes of 1.06 billion for 2022 were down 53.2 over the prior year s record. 
 Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. of 777 million for 2022 were down 53.4 over the prior year. 
 Business Results 
 Our investment banking net revenues were 2.90 billion for 2022, compared with a prior year record of 4.66 billion for 2021, including strong advisory revenues of 1.78 billion, compared to a prior year record of 1.87 billion. Our underwriting revenues for 2022 were 1.03 billion, down 58.7 , consistent with the significant reduction in industry-wide deal activity while our market position continued to improve. For 2022, we ranked as the seventh largest firm globally across our three core investment banking businesses - mergers and acquisitions advisory services, equity underwriting and leveraged finance underwriting. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Our equities net revenues of 1.06 billion are 18.5 lower than 2021, as 2021 was an exceptional year and 2022 presented a more difficult trading environment with significantly reduced new issue activity, including substantially reduced Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs activity. This was partially offset by market share gains and ongoing momentum in our client franchise. This compares to record results in predominately all of our equities businesses and across each of our regions during 2021. 
 Our fixed income net revenues of 765.6 million were down 20.2 compared to 2021, primarily due to reduced client activity across most products, increased inflation and interest rate concerns, mark-to-market losses on certain mortgage inventory positions and a slowdown in securitized markets resulted in fewer trading opportunities. 
 Overall net revenues in our asset management business were 1.26 billion, compared with 1.09 billion in 2021, reflecting revenues from sales of certain legacy merchant banking positions partially offset by lower investment returns as compared to the prior year. 
 Non-interest Expenses 
 Non-interest expenses for 2022 decreased 836.4 million, or 14.5 , to 4.92 billion, compared with 5.76 billion for 2021. The decrease is due to lower compensation and benefits expense, consistent with the decline in net revenues. Our pre-tax operating margin decreased to 17.7 in 2022 from 28.1 in 2021. 
 Compensation and benefits expense for 2022 was 2.59 billion, a decrease of 965.7 million, or 27.2 , from 2021. Compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of Net revenues was 43.3 for 2022, compared with 44.4 for 2021. Refer to Note 13, Compensation Plans, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further details 
 Non-interest expenses were also impacted by increases in Floor brokerage and clearing expenses, technology and communications expenses and business and development expenses, partially offset by a decline in underwriting expenses. 
 Headcount 
 At November 30, 2022, we had 5,381 employees globally, a decrease of 175 employees from our headcount of 5,556 at November 30, 2021. Our headcount decreased by 561 as a result of the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Idaho Timber, offset by growth in our investment banking headcount, as well as additions in technology and other corporate services staff to support our growth and other strategic priorities. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Consolidated Results 
 Net revenues for 2021 were 8.01 billion, compared with prior year net revenues of 5.85 billion for 2020, an increase of 2.16 billion, or 37.0 , reflecting then record net revenues in investment banking, equities and asset management and solid results in fixed income. 
 Earnings before income taxes of 2.25 billion for 2021 were up 111.2 over the prior year s earnings before income taxes. 
 Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. of 1.67 billion for 2021 were up 116.7 over the prior year net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. of 769.6 million for 2020. 
 Business Results 
 Our investment banking net revenues of 4.66 billion for 2021 were an increase of 81.9 from the prior year, reflecting record advisory revenues of 1.87 billion, an increase of 77.8 , or 820.1 million, compared to 2020, while our record underwriting revenues for 2021 were 2.49 billion, up 1.04 billion, or 72.1 . The increase in net revenues is reflective of an increase in both the number and aggregate value of transactions completed by our investment banking franchise. 
 Our equities net revenues increased 15.2 compared to the prior year, reflecting record results that were driven by strong client activity and trading performance as a result of meaningful growth across all of our products and regions. 
 Our fixed income net revenues were down 28.5 compared to the prior year, which was an all-time record. Net revenues for 2021 are reflective of strong trading results under more normalized trading conditions and reflect continued strength in certain of our credit-focused businesses and strong client demand though this is in comparison to outsize trading volumes and extremely active markets and high levels of volatility driving results in the prior year. 
 Our asset management net revenues of 1.09 billion for 2021, were higher than the 814.6 million recorded in the prior year, driven by a substantial increase in asset management fees and revenues. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Expenses 
 Non-interest expenses for 2021 increased 976.3 million, or 20.9 , to 5.76 billion, compared with 4.78 billion for 2020. This 20.4 increase, is largely due to higher compensation and benefits expense, as well as higher transaction-related costs. 
 Compensation and benefits expense for 2021 was 3.55 billion, an increase of 610.7 million, or 20.7 , from 2020. The increase is primarily a result of the significant increase in our net revenues. 
 Non-compensation expenses for 2021 increased 365.6 million, or 19.9 , to 2.20 billion, compared with 1.84 billion for 2020. The increase in non-compensation expenses was largely due to higher Floor brokerage and clearing fees related to increased trading volumes and a significant increase in volume of investment banking transactions driving higher Underwriting costs. Technology and communication expenses, Professional services expenses and Business development expenses were also higher for 2021 reflecting our growth and costs associated with our increased recruiting efforts. 
 Other expenses also increased for 2021 primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense mostly related to a specific default in our prime brokerage business and 64.0 million in costs related to the early redemption of senior notes. 
 Headcount 
 At November 30, 2021, we had 5,556 employees globally, an increase of 611 employees from our headcount of 4,945 at November 30, 2020. Our headcount increased across all regions primarily as a result the growth of our investment banking business, as well as due to additions in technology and other corporate services staff to support our increased regulatory requirements and overall growth. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Revenues by Source 
 Historically, our results of operations have been presented by summarized income statement line items by business segments comprised as follows: Investment Banking and Capital Markets, Asset Management, Merchant Banking, Corporate and Parent Company Interest, including consolidation adjustments. During the year ended November 30, 2022 and in connection with the merger of Jefferies Group LLC with and into Jefferies Financial Group Inc., we transferred significantly all of our legacy merchant banking investments to our Asset Management reportable segment. Certain publicly traded equity investments that are related to investment banking relationships were transferred from our Merchant Banking reportable segment to our Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment. In addition, there were certain investments that were held within the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment, which have been transferred to the Asset Management reportable segment. These investments are now managed by the respective segment managers and we have revised our reportable business segment presentation accordingly. Prior period amounts have been revised to conform to the current segment reporting. 
 We now present our results as two reportable business segments as follows: Investment Banking and Capital Markets and Asset Management. Additionally, corporate activities are now fully allocated to each of these reportable business segments. We believe that this reorganization of our segments better aligns the manner in which we manage our business activities and is in keeping with our fundamental long-term strategy of continuing to build out our investment banking effort, enhancing our capital markets businesses and further developing our Leucadia Asset Management alternative asset management platform as we continue to divest of significant portions of our legacy merchant banking portfolio. 
 The remainder of our Consolidated Results of Operations is presented on a detailed product and expense basis. Our Revenues by Source is reported along the following business lines: investment banking, equities, fixed income and asset management. Additionally, the results of the asset management business include a new subcategory merchant banking. 
 The following is a description of the changes that have been made: 
 Revenues from certain publicly traded equity securities that were historically presented within our Merchant Banking segment and are related to investment banking relationships are now presented within Other investment banking revenues. Other investment banking also includes revenues from our share of net earnings from our Jefferies Finance joint venture, our share of net earnings from our Berkadia commercial real estate joint venture, revenues from our lending and servicing of automobile loans as well as any revenues from securities and loans received or acquired in connection with our investment banking activities that have also been previously presented within Other investment banking in prior financial statement filings. 
 Within Asset Management, investment return represents revenue related to our capital invested in asset management funds that are managed by us or our affiliated asset managers. Historically, revenues from principal investments in private equity and hedge funds managed by third-parties that are not part of our Leucadia Asset Management platform and revenues from other investment positions were also reported within investment return and have now been disaggregated and are presented as part of the new merchant banking subcategory. 
 Revenues from legacy merchant banking investments, including results from our real estate development, oil and gas and other manufacturing activities are now presented in the new Asset Management subcategory, merchant banking. 
 Foreign currency transaction gains or losses, fair value debt valuation adjustments on derivative contracts, gains and losses on investments held in deferred compensation or certain other immaterial corporate income items are not considered by management in assessing the financial performance of our operating businesses and are, therefore, not reported as part of our business segment results. 
 The changes to the manner in which we describe and disclose the performance of our business activities has no effect on our historical consolidated results of operation. Previously reported results are presented on a comparable basis in the tables below. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

The following provides a summary of Net Revenues by Source (dollars in thousands): 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 Amount of Net Revenues Amount of Net Revenues Amount of Net Revenues 2022 2021 Advisory 
 1,778,003 29.7 1,873,204 23.4 1,053,500 18.0 (5.1) 77.8 Equity underwriting 538,946 9.0 1,557,364 19.4 902,016 15.4 (65.4) 72.7 Debt underwriting 490,873 8.2 935,131 11.7 545,978 9.3 (47.5) 71.3 Total underwriting 1,029,819 17.2 2,492,495 31.1 1,447,994 24.7 (58.7) 72.1 Other investment banking 92,170 1.6 291,423 3.6 58,286 1.1 (68.4) 400.0 Total Investment Banking 2,899,992 48.5 4,657,122 58.1 2,559,780 43.8 (37.7) 81.9 Equities 
 1,060,582 17.7 1,301,530 16.2 1,128,910 19.3 (18.5) 15.3 Fixed income 765,576 12.8 959,122 12.0 1,340,792 22.9 (20.2) (28.5) Total Capital Markets 1,826,158 30.5 2,260,652 28.2 2,469,702 42.2 (19.2) (8.5) Total Investment Banking and Capital Markets (1) 4,726,150 79.0 6,917,774 86.3 5,029,482 86.0 (31.7) 37.5 Asset management fees and revenues 89,127 1.5 120,733 1.5 26,540 0.5 (26.2) 354.9 Investment return (2) 156,594 2.6 260,316 3.2 256,090 4.4 (39.8) 1.7 Merchant banking (1) 1,053,031 17.6 756,482 9.5 580,411 9.9 39.2 30.3 Allocated net interest (2) (41,059) (0.7) (44,907) (0.6) (48,484) (0.8) (8.6) (7.4) Total Asset Management 1,257,693 21.0 1,092,624 13.6 814,557 14.0 15.1 34.1 Other (5,005) 3,428 0.1 6,482 N/M (47.1) Net Revenues 5,978,838 100.0 8,013,826 100.0 5,850,521 100.0 (25.4) 37.0 
 N/M Not Meaningful 
 (1) Net revenues presented for our Investment Banking and Capital Markets businesses and the merchant banking activities within our Asset Management business include allocations of interest income and interest expense as we assess the profitability of these businesses inclusive of the net interest revenue or expense associated with the respective activities, including the net interest cost of allocated long-term debt, which is a function of the mix of each business s associated assets and liabilities and the related funding costs. 
 (2) Allocated net interest represents an allocation to Asset Management of our long-term debt interest expense, net of interest income on our Cash and cash equivalents and other sources of liquidity. Allocated net interest has been disaggregated to increase transparency and to make clearer actual Investment return. We believe that aggregating Investment return and Allocated net interest would obscure the Investment return by including an amount that is unique to our credit spreads, debt maturity profile, capital structure, liquidity risks and allocation methods. 
 
 Investment Banking Revenues 
 Investment banking is composed of revenues from: 
 advisory services with respect to mergers/acquisitions, restructurings/recapitalizations and private capital advisory transactions; 
 underwriting services, which include underwriting and placement services related to corporate debt, municipal bonds, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and equity and equity-linked securities and loan syndication; 
 our 50 share of net earnings from our corporate lending joint venture, Jefferies Finance; 
 our 45 share of net earnings from our commercial real estate finance joint venture, Berkadia; 
 the revenues of Foursight, our wholly-owned subsidiary engaged in the lending and servicing of automobile loans; and 
 securities and loans received or acquired in connection with our investment banking activities. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 The following table sets forth our investment banking revenues (dollars in thousands): 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Advisory 1,778,003 1,873,204 1,053,500 (5.1) 77.8 Equity underwriting 538,946 1,557,364 902,016 (65.4) 72.7 Debt underwriting 490,873 935,131 545,978 (47.5) 71.3 Total underwriting 1,029,819 2,492,495 1,447,994 (58.7) 72.1 Other investment banking 92,170 291,423 58,286 (68.4) 400.0 Total investment banking 2,899,992 4,657,122 2,559,780 (37.7) 81.9 
 The following table sets forth our investment banking activities (dollars in billions): 
 Deals Completed Aggregate Value 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Advisory transactions 364 315 228 336.7 380.4 217.5 Public and private equity and convertible offerings 166 426 286 37.8 145.6 103.5 Public and private debt financings 653 812 639 250.6 390.9 255.8 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Investment banking revenues for 2022 were 2.90 billion, compared with an annual record 4.66 billion for 2021, reflecting near record advisory revenues, offset by much lower revenues in debt and equity underwriting. 
 Our 2022 advisory revenues were 1.78 billion, down 95.2 million, or 5.1 , from 2021 s record year. Activity in the mergers and acquisitions markets remained strong and the market share of our completed transactions continued to increase. 
 Our underwriting revenues for 2022 were 1.03 billion, a decrease of 1.46 billion, or 58.7 , from 2021, reflecting lower net revenues in both equity and debt underwriting of 539 million and 491 million, respectively. The decline in our debt and equity underwriting net revenues was consistent with the substantial reduction in industry-wide deal activity. The prior year results reflect an exceptionally active period in which clients took advantage of the strong equity environment to raise equity capital and the low rate environment to access the debt capital markets, with high levels of activity in the leveraged loan new issuance markets and record levels of high yield bond refinancing activity. 
 Other investment banking revenues were 92.2 million for 2022, compared with 291.4 million for 2021. Other investment banking revenues during 2022 include 124.4 million from our share of Berkadia net earnings as compared with 130.6 million in 2021, primarily due to a shift in sales to a lower margin product mix as well as higher borrowing costs, partially offset by increased income from higher interest rates and increased servicing revenues. This was offset by our share of the net loss of our Jefferies Finance joint venture in 2022, reflecting reduced market activity and higher reserves recorded on its loan portfolio and outstanding commitments due to company-specific developments and difficult conditions in the leveraged finance market compared with our share of JFIN s net earnings in 2021. Revenues from Foursight were relatively consistent in 2022 as compared to 2021 as declines in revenue from originations and sales were offset by increases in servicing fee revenues. Other investment banking revenues for 2022 were also impacted by net unrealized losses on various investments, including publicly traded equity securities related to investment banking relationships, as compared to net unrealized gains in 2021. 
 Our three-month forward investment banking backlog as of November 30, 2022 is consistent with the levels as of August 31, 2022, but execution remains dependent on market conditions. As an indicator of net revenues in a given future period, backlog snapshots are subject to limitations. The time frame for the realization of revenues from these expected transactions varies and is influenced by factors we do not control. Transactions not included in the estimate may occur, and expected transactions may also be modified or cancelled. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Total Investment banking revenues for 2021 were a record of 4.66 billion, compared with 2.56 billion for 2020, reflecting record advisory and underwriting revenues. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Our 2021 advisory revenues were a record 1.87 billion, up 820.1 million, or 77.8 , from 2020, primarily due to a significant increase in the number and values of transactions, and including a significant contribution from Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs advisory transactions in 2021. 
 Our underwriting revenues for 2021 were a record 2.49 billion, an increase of 1.04 billion, or 72.1 , from 2020, with record net revenues in equity underwriting of 1.56 billion and record net revenues of 935.1 million in debt underwriting, as clients took advantage of the strong equity environment and the low interest rate environment. Our equity underwriting results also include increased revenues from SPAC offerings, as well as strong revenues from at-the-money offerings. 
 Other investment banking revenues were 291.4 million for 2021, compared with 58.3 million for 2020. Other investment banking revenues include our share of the net earnings (loss) of the Jefferies Finance joint venture. In 2021, Jefferies Finance achieved record underwriting volumes on the back of the strength of the leveraged loan market and an active private-equity backed mergers and acquisitions environment. The results in 2021 were partially offset by a 56.0 million one-time charge incurred by Jefferies Finance related to refinancing outstanding debt. Results of Jefferies Finance in 2020 were impacted by unrealized losses related to the write-down of commitments and loans held-for-sale, primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the markets and the economy. Additionally, results for 2021 include higher net revenues of from our share of earnings from Berkadia. The higher net revenues for 2021 are due to significant increases in debt and investment sales volumes. The net revenues for 2020 were impacted by the impairment of mortgage servicing rights as a result of lower interest rates, higher loan loss provisions and a decline in loan originations due to the impact of COVID-19. The prior year results were also impacted by unrealized write-downs of private equity investments received or acquired in connection with our investment banking activities. 
 
 Equities Net Revenues 
 Equities is composed of net revenues from: 
 services provided to our clients from which we earn commissions or spread revenue by executing, settling and clearing transactions for clients; 
 advisory services offered to clients; 
 financing, securities lending and other prime brokerage services offered to clients, including capital introductions and outsourced trading; and 
 wealth management services. 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Total equities net revenues were 1.06 billion for 2022, a decrease of 18.5 , compared with an exceptional 1.30 billion in 2021. The results for 2022 were impacted by a more difficult trading environment than 2021 with significantly reduced new issue activity, including reduced SPAC activity. This was partially offset by market share gains and ongoing momentum in our client franchise with strong client activity on market volatility. This compares to record results in predominately all of our equities businesses and across each of our regions during 2021. 
 Results in our global cash equities business were lower across regions driven by lower trading revenues versus record results globally and across each region on strong market volumes in 2021. The prior year also benefited from trading opportunities related to SPACs. Our global convertibles business also had lower revenues, primarily driven by weaker primary equity markets and widening credit spreads compared to a strong new issue market in 2021. In addition, our equity derivatives business results declined as a difficult and challenging trading environment put pressure on trading activity during 2022. 
 The lower results were offset by record 2022 results in our electronic trading and prime services businesses, reflecting increased client trading volumes driving strong commission revenues and by continued growth and momentum in our outsourced trading business. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Total equities net revenues were a record 1.30 billion for 2021, an increase of 15.3 over the previous year record of 1.13 billion in 2020. Overall, our record results were driven by strong client activity and trading performance across all regions. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Our global cash equities business had record results driven by significant client activity and strong trading revenue, including trading gains from SPAC-related activity, and our electronic trading platform continued to expand and achieve record results. Our derivatives business achieved record results, driven by strong client activity and trading revenues. Our prime services franchise had record results driven by higher balances and increased client activity, as well as higher financing revenues in our securities finance business. Our results were slightly offset by lower revenues in our global convertibles businesses primarily driven by lower trading volumes and volatility. 
 
 Fixed Income Net Revenues 
 Fixed income is composed of net revenues from: 
 executing transactions for clients and making markets in securitized products, investment grade, high-yield, distressed, emerging markets, municipal and sovereign securities and bank loans, as well as foreign exchange execution on behalf of clients; 
 interest rate derivatives and credit derivatives; and 
 financing services offered to clients. 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Our fixed income net revenues of 765.6 million for 2022 were down 20.2 compared to 2021, primarily due to reduced client activity across most products, mark-to-market losses on certain mortgage inventory positions and a slowdown in securitized markets resulting in fewer trading opportunities. The prior year results were reflective of particularly strong client activity and robust trading activity. 
 Results in certain U.S. securitized markets products were significantly impacted by high levels of volatility, less liquidity, widening spreads and uncertainty in respect of increased inflation and interest rate concerns, leading to mark-to-market losses on these products and a significant decline in demand for securitized products. 
 We achieved higher revenues in emerging markets and our electronic execution businesses as increased volatility due to geopolitical concerns drove an increase in trading volumes. This was offset by lower results across most of our other credit businesses as a result of a decline in trading opportunities as compared to the prior year comparable period that reflected robust revenues across regions and products. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Fixed income net revenues totaled 959.1 million for 2021, a decrease of 28.5 compared with record net revenues of 1.34 billion for 2020, driven by reduced global trading volumes across several products. While 2021 revenues decreased from 2020, our fixed income franchise produced solid overall trading results across most of our businesses, reflecting continued strength in certain of our credit-focused businesses and strong client demand in structuring and financing credit products and for trading securitized products. The results in 2020 significantly benefited from strong trading volumes due to extremely active markets and high levels of volatility. 
 Net revenues for 2021 were higher in our securitized markets groups and distressed trading business, as compared with the prior year. In addition, 2021 results benefited from trading gains in our municipal securities business compared to 2020 when markets experienced a significant sell-off due to the impact of COVID-19. Our revenues also benefited from ongoing investments across our European credit franchise. 
 Our 2021 results also include lower revenues in our U.S. and international rates businesses due to a decline in trading opportunities, as a result of lower volatility, as the prior year benefited from significant client activity and wider bid-offer spreads. Lower results across our investment grade corporates and emerging markets businesses, as well as our high yield and loan trading businesses, were driven by reduced client activity and lower levels of volatility in 2021. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Asset Management 
 We operate a diversified alternative asset management platform offering institutional clients an innovative range of investment strategies directly and through our affiliated asset managers. We provide certain of our affiliated asset managers access to our fully integrated global operational infrastructure and support. This may include strategy and product development, daily operations and finance-related activities, compliance, legal and human resources support, as well as marketing and business development. 
 Asset management revenues include the following: 
 management and performance fees from funds and accounts managed by us; 
 revenue from affiliated asset managers where we are entitled to portions of their revenues and/or profits, as well as earnings on our ownership interests in our affiliated asset managers; 
 investment income from our capital invested in and managed by us and our affiliated asset managers; and 
 revenues from investments held in our legacy merchant banking portfolio, including consolidated operations from real estate development activities, oil and gas activities and timber manufacturing (until the sale of Idaho Timber during the third quarter of 2022). 
 Asset management fees and revenues are impacted by the level of assets under management and the performance return of those assets, for the most part on an absolute basis, and, in certain cases, relative to a benchmark or hurdle. These components can be affected by financial markets, profits and losses in the applicable investment portfolios and client capital activity. Further, asset management fees vary with the nature of investment management services. The terms under which clients may terminate our investment management authority, and the requisite notice period for such termination, varies depending on the nature of the investment vehicle and the liquidity of the portfolio assets. In some instances, performance fees and similar revenues are recognized once a year, when they become fixed and determinable and are not probable of being significantly reversed, typically in December. As a result, a significant portion of our performance fees and similar revenues generated from investment returns in a calendar year are recognized in our following fiscal year. 
 The following summarizes the results of our Asset Management businesses (dollars in thousands): 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Asset management fees: Equities 7,198 6,927 6,158 3.9 12.5 Multi-asset 16,327 7,909 8,544 106.4 (7.4) Total asset management fees 23,525 14,836 14,702 58.6 0.9 Revenue from strategic affiliates (1) 65,602 105,897 11,838 (38.1) 794.6 Total asset management fees and revenues 89,127 120,733 26,540 (26.2) 354.9 Investment return 156,594 260,316 256,090 (39.8) 1.7 Merchant banking 1,053,031 756,482 580,411 39.2 30.3 Allocated net interest (41,059) (44,907) (48,484) (8.6) (7.4) Total Asset Management 1,257,693 1,092,624 814,557 15.1 34.1 
 (1) These amounts include our share of fees received by affiliated asset management companies with which we have revenue and/or profit share arrangements. 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Asset management net revenues for 2022 were 1.26 billion, higher than the 1.09 billion for 2021, reflecting increased revenues on certain legacy merchant banking positions as well as sales of certain positions, partially offset by lower investment returns as compared to the prior year. Asset management fees and revenues in 2022 of 89.1 million, as compared with 120.7 million in 2021, were primarily due to modestly higher asset management fees on funds managed by us and a decline in the performance and similar fees and revenues earned through our strategic affiliates. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Asset management investment return was 156.6 million for 2022, a decline from investment return of 260.3 million for 2021. During 2022, we sold our interests in Oak Hill and recognized revenues of 175.1 million. The gain on sale from our interests in Oak Hill was offset by mark-to-market losses from capital invested by us in certain asset management funds. 
 Revenues from merchant banking assets managed within our Asset Management business were 1.05 billion for 2022 as compared to revenues of 756.5 million for 2021. During 2022, we recognized revenues from the sale of Idaho Timber and the sale of a completed multi-family real estate project. Merchant banking activity revenues were also higher in 2022 on higher oil and gas revenues given the increase in underlying commodity prices. The increase in revenues for the year ended November 30, 2022 as compared to the year ended November 30, 2021 was partially offset by unrealized losses on capital invested by us in various public and private companies that are now managed as part of our asset management strategy. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Asset management net revenues for 2021 were 1.09 billion, higher than the 814.6 million for 2020, driven by a substantial increase in asset management fees and revenues. Asset management fees and revenues in 2021 of 120.7 million, as compared with 26.5 million in the prior year, were driven by significant increases in management, performance and similar fees and revenues from our strategic affiliates. 
 Revenues from merchant banking assets managed within our Asset Management business were 756.5 million for 2022 as compared to revenues of 580.4 million in 2021. During 2021, revenues from Idaho Timber increased given the high demand for wood and an increase in average selling prices. Additionally, we recognized increased revenues in 2021 from the sale of real estate properties as compared to recognizing impairment losses in 2020 due to the softening of certain real estate markets. The increase in revenues for the year ended November 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended November 30, 2020 was partially offset by unrealized losses on capital invested by us in various public and private companies that are now managed as part of our asset management strategy. 
 Assets under Management 
 We and our affiliated asset managers have aggregate net asset values or net asset value equivalent assets under management of approximately 29.0 billion and 23.5 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net asset values or net asset value equivalent assets under management are composed of the fair value of the net assets of a fund or the net capital invested in a separately managed account. These include the following: 
 Net asset values of investments made by us in funds or separately managed accounts were 2.6 billion and 2.6 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We invest in certain strategies using our own capital, often before opening a strategy to outside capital. The net asset values include our capital of 1.5 billion and 1.6 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, plus amounts financed of 0.9 billion and 1.0 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues related to the investments made by us are presented in Investment return within the results of our asset management businesses. 
 The assets under management by affiliated asset managers with whom we have profit or revenue sharing arrangements were 25.2 billion and 20.1 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In some instances, due to the timing of payments and crystallization of underlying profits or revenue, the revenue related to these relationships will generally be realized and recognized once per year at the calendar year-end (during our first fiscal quarter). Revenues from our share of fees received by affiliated asset managers are presented in Revenue from strategic affiliates within the results of our asset management businesses. 
 Third-party investments actively managed by our wholly-owned managers were 1.2 billion and 0.8 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We earn asset management fees as a result of the third-party investments, which are presented in Asset management fees and revenues within the results of our asset management businesses. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 The tables below include only third-party assets under management by us, excluding those of our affiliated asset managers. 
 Period end assets under management by predominant asset class were as follows (in millions): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Assets under management: Equities 274 349 Multi-asset 974 482 Total 1,248 831 
 Change in assets under management were as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Assets under management: Balance, beginning of period 831 774 Net cash flow in (out) 434 21 Net market appreciation (depreciation) (17) 36 Balance, end of period 1,248 831 
 The net cash flow in during 2022 is primarily due to new subscriptions and investments from third-parties. The net cash flow in 2021 is primarily due to new subscriptions and investments from third-parties and net market appreciation, partially offset by redemptions from and liquidations of certain funds. 
 Our definition of assets under management is not based on any definition contained in any of our investment management agreements and differs from the manner in which Regulatory Assets Under Management is reported to the SEC on Form ADV. 
 Asset Management Investments 
 Our asset management business makes seed and additional strategic investments directly in alternative asset management separately managed accounts and co-mingled funds where we act as the asset manager or in affiliated asset managers where we have strategic relationships and participate in the revenues or profits of the affiliated manager. The following table represents our investments by type of asset manager (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Jefferies Financial Group Inc.; as manager: Fund investments (1) 182,792 221,359 Separately managed accounts (2) 129,430 251,665 Total 312,222 473,024 Strategic affiliates; as asset manager: Fund investments 1,022,029 831,508 Separately managed accounts (2) 214,387 368,377 Investments in asset managers 52,357 222,661 Total 1,288,773 1,422,546 Total asset management investments 1,600,995 1,895,570 
 (1) Due to the level or nature of an investment in a fund, we may consolidate that fund; and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the fund are included in the representative line items in our consolidated financial statements. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, 9.7 million and 76.5 million, respectively, represents net investments in funds that have been consolidated in our financial statements. 
 (2) Where we have investments in a separately managed account, the assets and liabilities of such account are presented in our consolidated financial statements within each respective line item. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Other 
 Other revenues include foreign currency transaction gains or losses, fair value debt valuation adjustments on derivative contracts, gains and losses on investments held in deferred compensation or certain other immaterial corporate income items that are not attributed to business segments as management does not consider such amounts in assessing the financial performance of our operating businesses. 
 
 Non-interest Expenses 
 Non-interest expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Change from Prior Year 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Compensation and benefits 2,589,044 3,554,760 2,944,071 (27.2) 20.7 Floor brokerage and clearing fees 347,805 301,860 266,592 15.2 13.2 Underwriting costs 42,067 117,572 95,636 (64.2) 22.9 Technology and communications 444,011 388,134 335,065 14.4 15.8 Occupancy and equipment rental 108,001 106,254 95,754 1.6 11.0 Business development 150,500 109,772 70,797 37.1 55.1 Professional services 240,978 215,761 176,280 11.7 22.4 Depreciation and amortization 172,902 157,420 158,439 9.8 (0.6) Cost of sales 440,837 470,870 338,588 (6.4) 39.1 Other 387,131 337,318 302,216 14.8 11.6 Total non-interest expenses 4,923,276 5,759,721 4,783,438 (14.5) 20.4 
 Total Non-Interest Expenses 
 2022 Compared with 2021 
 Non-interest expenses were 4.92 billion for 2022, a decrease of 836.4 million, or 14.5 , compared with 5.76 billion for 2021. The decrease is primarily due to lower compensation and benefits expense, consistent with the decline in net revenues as well as reduced underwriting costs consistent with the overall industry-wide decline in underwriting activity. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and benefits expense consists of salaries, benefits, commissions, annual cash compensation and share-based awards and the amortization of share-based and cash compensation awards to employees. 
 Cash and share-based awards and a portion of cash awards granted to employees as part of year end compensation generally contain provisions such that employees who terminate their employment or are terminated without cause may continue to vest in their awards, so long as those awards are not forfeited as a result of other forfeiture provisions (primarily non-compete clauses) of those awards. Accordingly, the compensation expense for a portion of awards granted at year end as part of annual compensation is recorded during the year of the award. Compensation and benefits expense includes amortization expense associated with these awards to the extent vesting is contingent on future service. In addition, certain awards to our Chief Executive Officer and our President and contain market and performance conditions and the awards are amortized over their service periods. 
 Compensation and benefits expense was 2.59 billion for 2022 compared with 3.55 billion for 2021. A significant portion of our compensation expense is highly variable with net revenues. Compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of Net revenues was 43.3 for 2022 and 44.4 for 2021. 
 Compensation expense related to the amortization of share- and cash-based awards amounted to 240.5 million for 2022 compared with 405.0 million for 2021. Compensation expense in 2021 includes accelerated amortization of certain cash-based awards, which were amended to remove service requirements for vesting in the awards, amounted to 188.3 million for 2021. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Employee headcount was 5,381 globally at November 30, 2022, a decrease of 175 employees from our headcount of 5,556 at November 30, 2021. Our headcount decreased by 561 as a result of the sale of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Idaho Timber, offset by growth in our investment banking headcount, as well as additions in technology and other corporate services staff to support our growth and other strategic priorities. 
 Refer to Note 13, Compensation Plans, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further details on compensation and benefits. 
 Non-Interest Expenses (Excluding Compensation and Benefits) 
 Non-interest expenses, excluding Compensation and benefits, as a percentage of Net revenues was 39.0 and 27.5 for 2022 and 2021, respectively, demonstrating the operating leverage inherent in our business and was impacted by the following: 
 Floor brokerage and clearing fees were higher commensurate with strong equity commission revenues. 
 Underwriting costs were lower due to a decrease in the volume of equity and debt underwriting transactions. 
 Technology and communication expenses were higher related to the development of various trading and management systems and increased market data costs. 
 Business development expenses were higher as business travel, conferences and other events increased from the prior year, which was substantially curtailed due to COVID-19. 
 Cost of sales were lower reflecting only three quarters of cost of sales in 2022 from Idaho Timber as compared to a full year of cost of sales in 2021 due to its sale during the third quarter of 2022, partially offset by cost of sales arising from the sale of a multi-family real estate project during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Other expenses were higher and included an 80.0 million combined regulatory settlement with the SEC and the CFTC as well as our charitable donations of 13.5 million from our Ukrainian Doing Good Global Trading Day. Other expenses in the prior year comparable period included bad debt expenses related to our prime brokerage business, other charitable donations of 13.2 million as well costs related to the early redemption of senior notes. 
 2021 Compared with 2020 
 Non-compensation expenses for 2021 increased 365.6 million, or 19.9 , to 2.20 billion, compared with 1.84 billion for 2020. 
 The increase in non-compensation expenses was largely due to higher Floor brokerage and clearing fees on increased trading volumes in equities and higher Underwriting costs and Business Development expenses as investment banking activity increased and higher costs associated with our increased recruiting efforts. The increase also included higher Technology and communication expenses primarily related to the development of various trading and management systems and increased market data costs. Professional services expenses were also higher primarily due to legal and agency fees to support growing activity across our businesses. 
 Results for 2021 also included higher Other expenses primarily due to an increase in bad debt expense mostly related to a specific default in our prime brokerage business and 64.0 million in costs related to the early redemption of senior notes, partially offset by a reduction in the loss provision for investment banking receivables. 
 Income Taxes 
 For 2022, the provision for income taxes was 273.9 million, equating to an effective tax rate of 25.9 , compared with a provision for income taxes of 576.7 million, equating to an effective tax rate of 25.6 for 2021. 
 Refer to Note 21, Income Taxes, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further details on income taxes. 

Accounting Developments 
 For a discussion of recently issued accounting developments and their impact on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 3, Accounting Developments, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Actual results can and may differ from estimates. These differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We believe our application of U.S. GAAP and the associated estimates are reasonable. Our accounting estimates are reevaluated, and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change. Historically, we have found our application of accounting policies to be appropriate, and actual results have not differed materially from those determined using necessary estimates. 
 For further discussions of the following significant accounting policies and other significant accounting policies, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Valuation of Financial Instruments 
 Financial instruments owned and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased are recorded at fair value. The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (the exit price). Unrealized gains or losses are generally recognized in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 For information on the composition of our Financial instruments owned and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased recorded at fair value, see Note 4, Fair Value Disclosures, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Fair Value Hierarchy In determining fair value, we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs reflect our assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. We apply a hierarchy to categorize our fair value measurements broken down into three levels based on the transparency of inputs, where Level 1 uses observable prices in active markets and Level 3 uses valuation techniques that incorporate significant unobservable inputs. Greater use of management judgment is required in determining fair value when inputs are less observable or unobservable in the marketplace, such as when the volume or level of trading activity for a financial instrument has decreased and when certain factors suggest that observed transactions may not be reflective of orderly market transactions. Judgment must be applied in determining the appropriateness of available prices, particularly in assessing whether available data reflects current prices and/or reflects the results of recent market transactions. Prices or quotes are weighed when estimating fair value with greater reliability placed on information from transactions that are considered to be representative of orderly market transactions. 
 Fair value is a market-based measure; therefore, when market observable inputs are not available, our judgment is applied to reflect those judgments that a market participant would use in valuing the same asset or liability. The availability of observable inputs can vary for different products. We use prices and inputs that are current as of the measurement date even in periods of market disruption or illiquidity. The valuation of financial instruments categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy involves the greatest extent of management judgment. (See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 4, Fair Value Disclosures, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the definitions of fair value, Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 and related valuation techniques.) 
 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities For information on the composition and activity of our Level 3 assets and Level 3 liabilities, see Note 4, Fair Value Disclosures, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Controls Over the Valuation Process for Financial Instruments Our Independent Price Verification Group, independent of the trading function, plays an important role in determining that our financial instruments are appropriately valued and that fair value measurements are reliable. This is particularly important where prices or valuations that require inputs are less observable. In the event that observable inputs are not available, the control processes are designed to assure that the valuation approach utilized is appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions are reasonable. Where a pricing model is used to determine fair value, these control processes include reviews of the pricing model s theoretical soundness and appropriateness by risk management personnel with relevant expertise who are independent from the trading desks. In addition, recently executed comparable transactions and other observable market data are considered for purposes of validating assumptions underlying the model. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Income Taxes 
 Significant judgment is required in estimating our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. In determining the provision for income taxes, we must make judgments and interpretations about how to apply inherently complex tax laws to numerous transactions and business events. In addition, we must make estimates about the amount, timing and geographic mix of future taxable income, which includes various tax planning strategies to utilize tax attributes of deferred tax assets before they expire. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our net deferred tax asset to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We are required to consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, and to weigh the evidence when determining whether a valuation allowance is required and the amount of such valuation allowance. Generally, greater weight is required to be placed on objectively verifiable evidence when making this assessment, in particular on recent historical operating results. 
 We also record reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based on our assessment of the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions. Management exercises significant judgment when assessing the probability of successfully sustaining tax filing positions, and in determining whether a contingent tax liability should be recorded and if so, estimating the amount. If our tax filing positions are successfully challenged, payments could be required that are in excess of reserved amounts or we may be required to reduce the carrying amount of our net deferred tax asset, either of which could be significant to our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. When testing for impairment, we group our long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (or asset group). The determination of whether an asset group is recoverable is based on management's estimate of undiscounted future cash flows directly attributable to the asset group as compared to its carrying value. If the carrying amount of the asset group is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. 
 Due to a decline in oil and gas prices during the second quarter of 2020, we performed an impairment analyses on certain of our proven oil and gas properties in the DJ Basin of Wyoming and Colorado, the Williston Basin in North Dakota and Montana and oil and gas properties in the East Eagle Ford. Estimated undiscounted cash flows were determined based on reserves and costs and updated those based on strip pricing as of May 31, 2020 for the DJ Basin and Williston Basis properties and as of February 29, 2020 for the East Eagle Ford properties. The expected undiscounted future net cash flows were then compared to the end of quarter net carrying value of the oil and gas properties. No impairment of the Williston Basin assets was necessary as the undiscounted future net cash flows significantly exceeded the carrying value of these assets. Undiscounted future net cash flows were lower than the carrying value of the DJ Basin properties and the East Eagle Ford properties, and accordingly, the fair value of such proven properties was estimated using a 10.0 discount rate and estimated future cash flows from the properties reserve report. The estimated fair value of the proven oil and gas properties in the DJ Basin totaled 26.8 million, which was 13.2 million lower than the carrying value as of the end of the second quarter of 2020 and the estimated fair value of the proven oil and gas properties in the East Eagle Ford totaled 9.6 million, which was 33.0 million lower than the carrying value as of the end of first quarter of 2020. As a result, impairment charges of 46.2 million were recorded in Other expenses during 2020. 
 Impairment of Equity Method Investments 
 We evaluate equity method investments for impairment when operating losses or other factors may indicate a decrease in value which is other than temporary. We consider a variety of factors including economic conditions nationally and in their geographic areas of operation, adverse changes in the industry in which they operate, declines in business prospects, deterioration in earnings, increasing costs of operations and other relevant factors specific to the investee. Whenever we believe conditions or events indicate that one of these investments might be significantly impaired, we obtain from such investee updated cash flow projections. We use this information and, together with discussions with the investee's management and comparable public company analysis, evaluate if the book value of its investment exceeds its fair value, and if so and the situation is deemed other than temporary, record an impairment charge. 
 We have an equity method interest in FXCM with rights to a majority of all distributions in respect of FXCM. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we had a triggering event to test our investment in FXCM for impairment. We estimated the fair value of our equity interest in FXCM based primarily on a discounted cash flow valuation model. The discounted cash flow valuation model used inputs including management s projections of future FXCM cash flows and a discount rate of 23.0 . The estimated fair value of our equity investment in FXCM was 61.7 million as of the date of our impairment evaluation, which was 25.3 million lower than our prior carrying value. We concluded that the decline in fair value was other than temporary and as result incurred a 25.3 million impairment charge. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 We have a 49 membership interest in the RedSky JZ Fulton Mall joint venture, which owns a property in Brooklyn, New York. During the first quarter of 2020, difficulties were encountered with attempts to refinance debt within the investment. We viewed this, combined with a softening of the Brooklyn, New York real estate market during the quarter, as a triggering event and evaluated our equity method investment in RedSky JZ Fulton Mall to determine if there was an impairment. In connection with this evaluation, we obtained an appraisal which reflected a reduction in the value of the investment in comparison to an earlier appraisal obtained shortly before the beginning of the quarter. The appraisal was based off of Level 3 inputs consisting of prices of comparable properties and the appraisal indicated that the value of the property was worth less than the debt outstanding. We recorded an impairment charge of 55.6 million during 2020, which represented all of its carrying value in the joint venture. 
 Goodwill 
 At November 30, 2022, Goodwill recorded in our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition is 1.74 billion (3.4 of total assets). The nature and accounting for goodwill is discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 11, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Goodwill must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually, or when circumstances or events make it more likely than not that an impairment occurred. Goodwill is tested by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. Our annual goodwill impairment testing date for a substantial portion of our reporting units is August 1 and November 30 for other identified reporting units. The results of our annual tests did not indicate any goodwill impairment. 
 We use allocated tangible equity plus allocated goodwill and intangible assets for the carrying amount of each reporting unit. The amount of tangible equity allocated to a reporting unit is based on our cash capital model deployed in managing our businesses, which seeks to approximate the capital a business would require if it were operating independently. For further information on our Cash Capital Policy, refer to the Liquidity, Financial Condition and Capital Resources section herein. Intangible assets are allocated to a reporting unit based on either specifically identifying a particular intangible asset as pertaining to a reporting unit or, if shared among reporting units, based on an assessment of the reporting unit s benefit from the intangible asset in order to generate results. 
 Estimating the fair value of a reporting unit requires management judgment and often involves the use of estimates and assumptions that could have a significant effect on whether or not an impairment charge is recorded and the magnitude of such a charge. Estimated fair values for our reporting units utilize market valuation methods that incorporate price-to-earnings and price-to-book multiples of comparable public companies and/or projected cash flows. Under the market valuation approach, the key assumptions are the selected multiples and our internally developed projections of future profitability, growth and return on equity for each reporting unit. The weight assigned to the multiples requires judgment in qualitatively and quantitatively evaluating the size, profitability and the nature of the business activities of the reporting units as compared to the comparable publicly-traded companies. In addition, as the fair values determined under the market valuation approach represent a noncontrolling interest, we apply a control premium to arrive at the estimate fair value of each reporting unit on a controlling basis. 
 Historically, we have performed our annual goodwill impairment testing within the Investment Banking and Capital Markets, Asset Management and Merchant Banking reportable business segments. On November 1, 2022 in connection with the merger of Jefferies Group LLC into Jefferies Financial Group Inc., we reassessed our reporting units based on the discrete financial information to be made available to segment management as of and subsequent to the merger. As a result, we identified each of the Investment Banking, Equities and Wealth Management and Fixed Income businesses to be reporting units within the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment. Goodwill previously attributable to our Merchant Banking reportable segment is now included within our Asset Management reportable business segment. 
 The total goodwill of 1.55 billion attributed to the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment has been assigned to each of the Investment Banking, Equities and Wealth Management and Fixed Income reporting units as of November 1, 2022, based on the relative fair value of each of the reporting units as of November 1, 2022. The relative fair value estimate of each of the reporting units as of November 1, 2022, was based on methodologies consistent with the market valuation approach used in our annual impairment test, which are consistent with valuation techniques market participants would use. The results of our reassessment of the reporting units indicated that all of the reporting units had a fair value in excess of their carrying amounts based on current projections as of November 1, 2022. The valuation methodology for our reporting units are sensitive to management s forecasts of future profitability, which are a significant component of the valuation and come with a level of uncertainty regarding trading volumes and capital market transaction levels. 
 The carrying values of goodwill by reporting unit at November 30, 2022 are as follows: 722.5 million in Investment Banking, 254.8 million in Equities and Wealth Management, 575.6 million in Fixed Income, 143.0 million in Asset Management and 40.2 million attributed to various individual legacy merchant banking investments. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Refer to Note 11, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further details on goodwill. 

Liquidity, Financial Condition and Capital Resources 
 Our CFO and Global Treasurer are responsible for developing and implementing our liquidity, funding and capital management strategies. These policies are determined by the nature and needs of our day to day business operations, business opportunities, regulatory obligations, and liquidity requirements. 
 Our actual levels of capital, total assets and financial leverage are a function of a number of factors, including asset composition, business initiatives and opportunities, regulatory requirements and cost and availability of both long term and short term funding. We have historically maintained a balance sheet consisting of a large portion of our total assets in cash and liquid marketable securities. The liquid nature of these assets provides us with flexibility in financing and managing our business. 
 We also own a legacy portfolio of businesses and investments that are reflected as consolidated subsidiaries, equity investments or securities. We are in the process of liquidating a substantial portion of this portfolio with the intention of selling to third parties or distributing to shareholders this portfolio over the next few years. During the year ended November 30, 2022, we sold our wholly-owned manufacturing subsidiary, Idaho Timber, at a combined sales price of 239.3 million, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 138.7 million recognized in Other revenue and also sold a multi-family real estate property recognizing revenues of 122.5 million in Other revenue and Cost of sales of 70.2 million. 
 In keeping with our strategy of returning excess liquidity to shareholders, during the year ended November 30, 2022, we returned an aggregate of 1.14 billion to shareholders in the form of 280.1 million dividends and the repurchase of 25.6 million shares for a total of 859.6 million of 33.58 per share. On January 13, 2023, we distributed our ownership interests in Vitesse Energy on a tax-free pro rata basis to all shareholders, resulting in a distribution of capital of over 500.0 million. 
 We maintain modest leverage to support our investment grade ratings. The growth of our balance sheet is supported by our equity and we have quantitative metrics in place to monitor leverage and double leverage. Our capital plan is robust, in order to sustain our operating model through stressed conditions. We maintain adequate financial resources to support business activities in both normal and stressed market conditions, including a buffer in excess of our regulatory, or other internal or external, requirements. Our access to funding and liquidity is stable and efficient to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity to meet our financial obligations in normal and stressed market conditions. 
 Our Balance Sheet 
 A business unit level balance sheet and cash capital analysis are prepared and reviewed with senior management on a weekly basis. As a part of this balance sheet review process, capital is allocated to all assets and gross balance sheet limits are adjusted, as necessary. This process ensures that the allocation of capital and costs of capital are incorporated into business decisions. The goals of this process are to protect the firm s platform, enable our businesses to remain competitive, maintain the ability to manage capital proactively and hold businesses accountable for both balance sheet and capital usage. 
 We actively monitor and evaluate our financial condition and the composition of our assets and liabilities. We continually monitor our overall securities inventory, including the inventory turnover rate, which confirms the liquidity of our overall assets. A significant portion of our financial instruments are valued on a daily basis and we monitor and employ balance sheet limits for our various businesses. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 The following table provides detail on selected balance sheet items (dollars in millions): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Change Total assets 51,057.7 56,107.3 (9.0) Cash and cash equivalents 9,703.1 10,755.1 (9.8) Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes or deposited with clearing and depository organizations 957.3 1,015.1 (5.7) Financial instruments owned 18,666.3 18,024.6 3.6 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased 11,056.5 9,267.1 19.3 Total Level 3 assets 791.5 602.6 31.3 Securities borrowed 5,831.1 6,409.4 (9.0) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 4,546.7 7,642.5 (40.5) Total securities borrowed and securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 10,377.8 14,051.9 (26.1) Securities loaned 1,366.0 1,525.7 (10.5) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 7,452.3 8,446.1 (11.8) Total securities loaned and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 8,818.3 9,971.8 (11.6) 
 Total assets at November 30, 2022 and 2021 were 51.06 billion and 56.11 billion, respectively, a decrease of 9.0 . During 2022, average total assets were approximately 21.7 higher than total assets at November 30, 2022. 
 Our total Financial instruments owned inventory was 18.67 billion and 18.02 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended November 30, 2022, our total Financial instruments owned increased primarily due to increases in corporate equity securities, government and federal agency securities, investments at fair value and sovereign obligations, partially offset by decreases in loans and derivative contracts. Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased inventory was 11.06 billion at November 30, 2022, an increase of 19.3 from 9.27 billion at November 30, 2021, with the increase primarily driven by government and federal agency securities, corporate equity securities and corporate debt securities. Our overall net inventory position was 7.61 billion and 8.76 billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the decrease primarily due to decreases in loans, government and federal agency securities and derivative contracts, partially offset by an increase in investments at fair value. Our Level 3 financial instruments owned as a percentage of total Financial instruments owned increased to 4.2 at November 30, 2022 from 3.3 at November 30, 2021 primarily due to mark-to-market gains on certain securities held in connection with our investment banking activities. 
 Securities financing assets and liabilities include financing for our financial instruments trading activity, matched book transactions and mortgage finance transactions. Matched book transactions accommodate customers, as well as obtain securities for the settlement and financing of inventory positions. The aggregate outstanding balance of our securities financing assets and liabilities increase or decrease from period to period depending on fluctuations in the level of our client activity and the level of our own trading activity. Our average month end balance of total reverse repos and stock borrows during 2022 were 45.2 higher than the November 30, 2022 balance. Our average month end balance of total repos and stock loans during 2022 were 47.7 higher than the November 30, 2022 balance. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 The following table presents our period end balance, average balance and maximum balance at any month end within the periods presented for Securities purchased under agreements to resell and Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (dollars in millions): 
 Year Ended 2022 2021 Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell: Year end 4,547 7,642 Month end average 7,489 9,425 Maximum month end 10,428 12,321 Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase: Year end 7,452 8,446 Month end average 11,738 11,515 Maximum month end 17,417 19,207 
 Fluctuations in the balance of our repurchase agreements from period to period and intraperiod are dependent on business activity in those periods. Additionally, the fluctuations in the balances of our securities purchased under agreements to resell are influenced in any given period by our clients balances and our clients desires to execute collateralized financing arrangements via the repurchase market or via other financing products. Average balances and period end balances will fluctuate based on market and liquidity conditions and we consider the fluctuations intraperiod to be typical for the repurchase market. 
 Leverage Ratios 
 The following table presents total assets, total equity, total Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity and tangible Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity with the resulting leverage ratios (dollars in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Total assets 51,057,683 56,107,311 Total equity 10,295,479 10,579,640 Total Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity 10,232,846 10,553,755 Deduct: Goodwill and intangible assets (1,875,576) (1,897,500) Tangible Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity 8,357,270 8,656,255 Leverage ratio (1) 5.0 5.3 Tangible gross leverage ratio (2) 5.9 6.3 
 (1) Leverage ratio equals total assets divided by total equity. 
 (2) Tangible gross leverage ratio (a non-GAAP financial measure) equals total assets less goodwill and identifiable intangible assets divided by tangible Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity. The tangible gross leverage ratio is used by rating agencies in assessing our leverage ratio. 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 The key objectives of the liquidity management framework are to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring sufficient liquidity through the business cycle and during periods of financial distress. Our liquidity management policies are designed to mitigate the potential risk that we may be unable to access adequate financing to service our financial obligations without material franchise or business impact. 
 The principal elements of our liquidity management framework are our Contingency Funding Plan, our Cash Capital Policy and our assessment of Modeled Liquidity Outflow MLO ). 
 Contingency Funding Plan . Our Contingency Funding Plan is based on a model of a potential liquidity contraction over a one year time period. This incorporates potential cash outflows during a market or our idiosyncratic liquidity stress event, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Repayment of all unsecured debt maturing within one year and no incremental unsecured debt issuance; 
 Maturity rolloff of outstanding letters of credit with no further issuance and replacement with cash collateral; 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Higher margin requirements than currently exist on assets on securities financing activity, including repurchase agreements and other secured funding; 
 Liquidity outflows related to possible credit downgrade; 
 Lower availability of secured funding; 
 Client cash withdrawals; 
 The anticipated funding of outstanding investment and loan commitments; and 
 Certain accrued expenses and other liabilities and fixed costs. 
 Cash Capital Policy . We maintain a cash capital model that measures long-term funding sources against requirements. Sources of cash capital include our equity, mezzanine equity and the noncurrent portion of long-term borrowings. Uses of cash capital include the following: 
 Illiquid assets such as equipment, goodwill, net intangible assets, exchange memberships, deferred tax assets and certain investments; 
 A portion of securities inventory and other assets not expected to be financed on a secured basis in a credit stressed environment i.e. , margin requirements); and 
 Drawdowns of unfunded commitments. 
 To ensure that we do not need to liquidate inventory in the event of a funding stress, we seek to maintain surplus cash capital. Our total long-term capital of 17.49 billion at November 30, 2022 exceeded our cash capital requirements. 
 MLO . Our businesses are diverse, and our liquidity needs are determined by many factors, including market movements, collateral requirements and client commitments, all of which can change dramatically in a difficult funding environment. During a liquidity stress, credit-sensitive funding, including unsecured debt and some types of secured financing agreements, may be unavailable, and the terms e.g. , interest rates, collateral provisions and tenor) or availability of other types of secured financing may change. As a result of our policy to ensure we have sufficient funds to cover what we estimate may be needed in a liquidity stress, we hold more cash and unencumbered securities and have greater long-term debt balances than our businesses would otherwise require. As part of this estimation process, we calculate an MLO that could be experienced in a liquidity stress. MLO is based on a scenario that includes both a market-wide stress and firm-specific stress, characterized by some or all of the following elements: 
 Global recession, default by a medium-sized sovereign, low consumer and corporate confidence, and general financial instability. 
 Severely challenged market environment with material declines in equity markets and widening of credit spreads. 
 Damaging follow-on impacts to financial institutions leading to the failure of a large bank. 
 A firm-specific crisis potentially triggered by material losses, reputational damage, litigation, executive departure, and/or a ratings downgrade. 
 The following are the critical modeling parameters of the MLO: 
 Liquidity needs over a 30-day scenario. 
 A two-notch downgrade of our long-term senior unsecured credit ratings. 
 No support from government funding facilities. 
 A combination of contractual outflows, such as upcoming maturities of unsecured debt, and contingent outflows e.g ., actions though not contractually required, we may deem necessary in a crisis). We assume that most contingent outflows will occur within the initial days and weeks of a stress. 
 No diversification benefit across liquidity risks. We assume that liquidity risks are additive. 
 The calculation of our MLO under the above stresses and modeling parameters considers the following potential contractual and contingent cash and collateral outflows: 
 All upcoming maturities of unsecured long-term debt, commercial paper, promissory notes and other unsecured funding products assuming we will be unable to issue new unsecured debt or rollover any maturing debt. 
 Repurchases of our outstanding long-term debt in the ordinary course of business as a market maker. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 A portion of upcoming contractual maturities of secured funding activity due to either the inability to refinance or the ability to refinance only at wider haircuts i.e. , on terms which require us to post additional collateral). Our assumptions reflect, among other factors, the quality of the underlying collateral and counterparty concentration. 
 Collateral postings to counterparties due to adverse changes in the value of our over-the-counter OTC derivatives and other outflows due to trade terminations, collateral substitutions, collateral disputes, collateral calls or termination payments required by a two-notch downgrade in our credit ratings. 
 Variation margin postings required due to adverse changes in the value of our outstanding exchange-traded derivatives and any increase in initial margin and guarantee fund requirements by derivative clearing houses. 
 Liquidity outflows associated with our prime services business, including withdrawals of customer credit balances, and a reduction in customer short positions. 
 Liquidity outflows to clearing banks to ensure timely settlements of cash and securities transactions. 
 Draws on our unfunded commitments considering, among other things, the type of commitment and counterparty. 
 Other upcoming large cash outflows, such as employee compensation, tax and dividend payments, with no expectation of future dividends from any subsidiaries. 
 Based on the sources and uses of liquidity calculated under the MLO scenarios, we determine, based on a calculated surplus or deficit, additional long-term funding that may be needed versus funding through the repurchase financing market and consider any adjustments that may be necessary to our inventory balances and cash holdings. At November 30, 2022, we had sufficient excess liquidity to meet all contingent cash outflows detailed in the MLO. We regularly refine our model to reflect changes in market or economic conditions and our business mix. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 The following are financial instruments that are cash and cash equivalents or are deemed by management to be generally readily convertible into cash, marginable or accessible for liquidity purposes within a relatively short period of time (dollars in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 Average Balance Quarter ended November 30, 2022 (1) November 30, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents: Cash in banks 2,541,021 3,338,342 2,266,519 Money market investments (2) 7,162,088 5,733,232 8,488,614 Total cash and cash equivalents 9,703,109 9,071,574 10,755,133 Other sources of liquidity: Debt securities owned and securities purchased under agreements to resell (3) 1,417,177 1,295,746 1,621,118 Other (4) 520,714 559,172 311,641 Total other sources 1,937,891 1,854,918 1,932,759 Total cash and cash equivalents and other liquidity sources 11,641,000 10,926,492 12,687,892 Total cash and cash equivalents and other liquidity sources as of Total assets 22.8 22.6 Total cash and cash equivalents and other liquidity sources as of Total assets less goodwill and intangible assets 23.7 23.4 
 (1) Average balances are calculated based on weekly balances. 
 (2) At November 30, 2022 and 2021, 7.14 billion and 8.47 billion, respectively, was invested in U.S. government money funds that invest at least 99.5 of its total assets in cash, securities issued by the U.S. government and U.S. government-sponsored entities, and repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by cash or government securities. The remaining 23.1 million and 14.9 million at November 30, 2022 and 2021 are invested in AAA-rated prime money funds. The average balance of U.S. government money funds for the quarter ended November 30, 2022 was 5.71 billion. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 (3) Consists of high quality sovereign government securities and reverse repurchase agreements collateralized by U.S. government securities and other high quality sovereign government securities; deposits with a central bank within the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Japan, Switzerland or the U.S.; and securities issued by a designated multilateral development bank and reverse repurchase agreements with underlying collateral composed of these securities. 
 (4) Other includes unencumbered inventory representing an estimate of the amount of additional secured financing that could be reasonably expected to be obtained from our Financial instruments owned that are currently not pledged after considering reasonable financing haircuts. 
 In addition to the cash balances and liquidity pool presented above, the majority of financial instruments (both long and short) in our trading accounts are actively traded and readily marketable. At November 30, 2022, we had the ability to readily obtain repurchase financing for 78.2 of our inventory at haircuts of 10 or less, which reflects the liquidity of our inventory. In addition, as a matter of our policy, all of these assets have internal capital assessed, which is in addition to the funding haircuts provided in the securities finance markets. Additionally, certain of our Financial instruments owned primarily consisting of bank loans, consumer loans and investments are predominantly funded by long term capital. Under our cash capital policy, we model capital allocation levels that are more stringent than the haircuts used in the market for secured funding; and we maintain surplus capital at these more stringent levels. We continually assess the liquidity of our inventory based on the level at which we could obtain financing in the marketplace for a given asset. Assets are considered to be liquid if financing can be obtained in the repurchase market or the securities lending market at collateral haircut levels of 10 or less. The following summarizes our financial instruments by asset class that we consider to be of a liquid nature and the amount of such assets that have not been pledged as collateral at November 30, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Liquid Financial Instruments Unencumbered Liquid Financial Instruments (2) Liquid Financial Instruments Unencumbered Liquid Financial Instruments (2) Corporate equity securities 3,040,844 846,520 2,635,956 347,157 Corporate debt securities 3,215,807 34,405 2,943,135 31,935 U.S. government, agency and municipal securities 4,032,215 59,909 3,610,885 109,325 Other sovereign obligations 1,679,573 803,738 1,528,100 1,463,968 Agency mortgage-backed securities (1) 2,514,773 1,487,165 Loans and other receivables 111,681 132,989 Total 14,594,893 1,744,572 12,338,230 1,952,385 
 (1) Consists solely of agency mortgage-backed securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Government National Mortgage Association Ginnie Mae ). 
 (2) Unencumbered liquid balances represent assets that can be sold or used as collateral for a loan, but have not been. 
 In addition to being able to be readily financed at reasonable haircut levels, we estimate that each of the individual securities within each asset class above could be sold into the market and converted into cash within three business days under normal market conditions, assuming that the entire portfolio of a given asset class was not simultaneously liquidated. There are no restrictions on the unencumbered liquid securities, nor have they been pledged as collateral. 
 Sources of Funding and Capital Resources 
 Our assets are funded by equity capital, senior debt, securities loaned, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, customer free credit balances, bank loans and other payables. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Secured Financing 
 We rely principally on readily available secured funding to finance our inventory of financial instruments owned and financial instruments sold. Our ability to support increases in total assets is largely a function of our ability to obtain short and intermediate-term secured funding, primarily through securities financing transactions. We finance a portion of our long inventory and cover some of our short inventory by pledging and borrowing securities in the form of repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements (collectively repos ), respectively. At November 30, 2022, approximately 61.0 of our cash and noncash repurchase financing activities use collateral that is considered eligible collateral by central clearing corporations. During 2022, an average of approximately 75.9 of our cash and noncash repurchase financing activities used collateral that was considered eligible collateral by central clearing corporations. Central clearing corporations are situated between participating members who borrow cash and lend securities (or vice versa); accordingly, repo participants contract with the central clearing corporation and not one another individually. Therefore, counterparty credit risk is borne by the central clearing corporation which mitigates the risk through initial margin demands and variation margin calls from repo participants. The comparatively large proportion of our total repo activity that is eligible for central clearing reflects the high quality and liquid composition of the inventory we carry in our trading books. For those asset classes not eligible for central clearing house financing, we seek to execute our bi-lateral financings on an extended term basis and the tenor of our repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements generally exceeds the expected holding period of the assets we are financing. The weighted average maturity of cash and noncash repurchase agreements for non-clearing corporation eligible funded inventory is approximately six months at November 30, 2022. 
 Our ability to finance our inventory via central clearinghouses and bi-lateral arrangements is augmented by our ability to draw bank loans on an uncommitted basis under our various banking arrangements. At November 30, 2022, short-term borrowings, which must be repaid within one year or less and include bank loans and overdrafts, borrowings under revolving credit facilities and floating rate puttable notes totaled 528.4 million. Interest under the bank lines is generally at a spread over the federal funds rate. Letters of credit are used in the normal course of business mostly to satisfy various collateral requirements in favor of exchanges in lieu of depositing cash or securities. Average daily short-term borrowings outstanding were 432.0 million for 2022. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, our borrowings under credit facilities classified within bank loans in Short-term borrowings in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition were 517.0 million and 200.0 million, respectively. Our borrowings include credit facilities that contain certain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain a specified level of tangible net worth, require a minimum regulatory net capital requirement for our U.S. broker-dealer, Jefferies LLC, and impose certain restrictions on the future indebtedness of certain of our subsidiaries that are borrowers. Interest is based on rates at spreads over the federal funds rate or other adjusted rates, as defined in the various credit agreements, or at a rate as agreed between the bank and us in reference to the bank s cost of funding. At November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under these credit facilities. 
 For additional details on our short-term borrowings, refer to Note 16, Short-Term Borrowings, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition to the above financing arrangements, we issue notes backed by eligible collateral under master repurchase agreements, which provides an additional financing source for our inventory (our repurchase agreement financing program ). The notes issued under the program are presented within Other secured financings in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At November 30, 2022, the outstanding notes were 1.31 billion, bear interest at a spread over the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and mature from September 2022 to July 2025. 
 For additional details on our repurchase agreement financing program, refer to Note 8, Variable Interest Entities, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Total Long-Term Capital 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had total long-term capital of 17.49 billion and 18.72 billion, respectively, resulting in a long-term debt to equity capital ratio of 0.68:1 and 0.74:1, respectively. See Equity Capital herein for further information on our change in total equity. Our total long-term capital base at November 30, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Unsecured Long-Term Debt (1) 7,065,663 7,990,874 Total Mezzanine Equity 131,461 150,400 Total Equity 
 10,295,479 10,579,640 Total Long-Term Capital 17,492,603 18,720,914 
 (1) The amounts at November 30, 2022 and 2021, exclude our secured long-term debt. The amount at November 30, 2022 excludes 392.4 million of our 5.500 Senior Notes, as these notes mature on October 18, 2023. The amount at November 30, 2022 and 2021, also excludes 13.2 million and 12.0 million, respectively, of structured notes that will mature within one year. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 During 2022, long-term debt decreased by 351.7 million to 8.77 billion at November 30, 2022, as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. This decrease is primarily due to fair value changes in our structured notes and gains on certain of our senior notes associated with interest rate swaps based on their designation as fair value hedges, partially offset by structured notes issuances, net of retirements, of approximately 209.4 million and net issuances of approximately 176.7 million related to our secured credit facilities. 
 At November 30, 2022, all of our structured notes contain various interest rate payment terms and are accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk presented in other comprehensive income and changes in fair value resulting from non-credit components recognized in Principal transactions revenues. The fair value of all of our structured notes at November 30, 2022 was 1.58 billion. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021 , our borrowings under several credit facilities classified within Long-term debt in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition amounted to 933.5 million and 774.1 million, respectively. Interest on these credit facilities are based on adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR rates, Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a spread or other adjusted rates, as defined in the various credit agreements. The credit facility agreements contain certain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain specified levels of tangible net worth and liquidity amounts, and impose certain restrictions on future indebtedness of and require specified levels of regulated capital and cash reserves for certain of our subsidiaries. At November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under theses credit facilities, except for certain facilities secured by automobile loans with an amount outstanding of 112.9 million for which technical covenant violations have occurred that are in the process of being resolved with the lenders. 
 In addition, one of our subsidiaries has a Loan and Security Agreement with a bank for a term loan Secured Bank Loan ). At November 30, 2022, borrowings under the Secured Bank Loan amounted to 100.0 million and are also classified within Long-term debt in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Secured Bank Loan matures on September 13, 2024 and is collateralized by certain trading securities with an interest rate of 1.25 plus LIBOR. The agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, restricts lien or encumbrance upon any of the pledged collateral. At November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Secured Bank Loan. 
 HomeFed funds certain of its real estate projects in part by raising funds under the Immigrant Investor Program administered by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to the Immigration and Nationality Act ("EB-5 Program"). This debt is secured by certain real estate of HomeFed. At November 30, 2022, HomeFed was in compliance with all debt covenants which include, among other requirements, limitations on incurrence of debt, collateral requirements and restricted use of proceeds. Primarily all of HomeFed's EB-5 Program debt matures in 2024 through 2026. 
 At November 30, 2022, HomeFed has construction loans with an aggregate committed amount of 101.9 million. The proceeds are being used for construction at certain of its real estate projects. The outstanding principal amount of the loans bear interest based on the 30 day LIBOR or the SOFR, plus spreads of 1.35 to 3.00 , subject to adjustment on the first of each calendar month. At November 30, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on these loans was 6.07 . The loans mature between October 2023 and May 2024 and are collateralized by the property underlying the related project with a guarantee by HomeFed. At November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, 57.0 million and 45.6 million, respectively, was outstanding under the construction loan agreements. 
 At November 30, 2022, our unsecured long-term debt has a weighted average maturity of approximately 9.5 years. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 For further information, see Note 17, Long-Term Debt, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our long-term debt ratings at November 30, 2022 are as follows: 
 Rating Outlook Moody s Investors Service Baa2 Stable Standard and Poor s BBB Stable Fitch Ratings (1) BBB Positive 
 (1) On January 24, 2022, Fitch Ratings affirmed our rating of BBB and revised our rating outlook from stable to positive. 
 At November 30, 2022, the long-term debt ratings on our principal subsidiaries, Jefferies LLC, Jefferies International Limited (a U.K. broker-dealer) and Jefferies GmbH are as follows: 
 Jefferies LLC 
 Jefferies International Limited 
 Jefferies GmbH Rating Outlook Rating Outlook Rating Outlook Moody s Investors Service Baa1 Stable Baa1 Stable Baa1 Stable Standard and Poor s BBB+ Stable BBB+ Stable BBB+ Stable 
 Access to external financing to finance our day to day operations, as well as the cost of that financing, is dependent upon various factors, including our debt ratings. Our current debt ratings are dependent upon many factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trend and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, our capital structure, our overall risk management, business diversification and our market share and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. Deterioration in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings. While certain aspects of a credit rating downgrade are quantifiable pursuant to contractual provisions, the impact on our business and trading results in future periods is inherently uncertain and depends on a number of factors, including the magnitude of the downgrade, the behavior of individual clients and future mitigating action taken by us. 
 In connection with certain over-the-counter derivative contract arrangements and certain other trading arrangements, we may be required to provide additional collateral to counterparties, exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of a credit rating downgrade. At November 30, 2022, the amount of additional collateral that could be called by counterparties, exchanges and clearing organizations under the terms of such agreements in the event of a downgrade of our long-term credit rating below investment grade was 46.8 million. For certain foreign clearing organizations, credit rating is only one of several factors employed in determining collateral that could be called. The above represents management s best estimate for additional collateral to be called in the event of a credit rating downgrade. The impact of additional collateral requirements is considered in our Contingency Funding Plan and calculation of MLO, as described above. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Equity Capital 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had 600,000,000 authorized shares of common stock with a par value of 1.00 per share. At November 30, 2022, we had outstanding 226,129,626 common shares, 19,036,746 share-based awards that do not require the holder to pay any exercise price and 5,024,532 stock options that require the holder to pay an average exercise price of 23.75 per share. The 19,036,746 share-based awards include the target number of shares under the senior executive award plan until the performance period is complete. 
 The Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of common stock under a share repurchase program. Additionally Treasury stock repurchases include repurchases of common stock for net-share withholding under our equity compensation plan. 
 The table below presents information about common stock repurchases during the year ended November 30, 2022 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 22,167,689 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares Purchased 737,350 Average Share Price of Shares Purchased 33.26 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 158,570 
 At November 30, 2022, we had 158.6 million remaining authorization of future repurchases. On January 9, 2023, our Board of Directors increased our share buyback authorization back to a total of 250.0 million. 
 In addition, we have mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares that as of November 30, 2022 are convertible into 4,440,863 common shares. 
 The following table sets forth the declaration dates, record dates, payment date and per common share amounts for the dividends declared during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 Declaration Date Record Date Payment date Per common share amount January 12, 2022 February 14, 2022 February 25, 2022 0.30 March 28, 2022 May 16, 2022 May 27, 2022 0.30 June 27, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 26, 2022 0.30 September 28, 2022 November 14, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.30 Year Ended November 30, 2021 Declaration Date Record Date Payment date Per common share amount January 4, 2021 February 12, 2021 February 26, 2021 0.20 March 24, 2021 May 17, 2021 May 28, 2021 0.20 June 28, 2021 August 16, 2021 August 27, 2021 0.25 September 30, 2021 November 15, 2021 November 29, 2021 0.25 
 On January 9, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of 0.30 per common share to be paid on February 24, 2023 to common shareholders of record at February 13, 2023. 
 As compared to November 30, 2021, the decrease to total Jefferies Financial Group Inc. shareholders equity at November 30, 2022 is primarily attributed to purchases of common shares for treasury and dividends paid, partially offset by increases from net earnings and contributions from noncontrolling interests. 
 Net Capital 
 As a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and a member firm of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), Jefferies LLC is subject to the SEC Commission Uniform Net Capital Rule Rule 15c3-1 ), which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital, and has elected to calculate minimum capital requirements using the alternative method permitted by Rule 15c3-1 in calculating net capital. Jefferies LLC, as a dually-registered U.S. broker-dealer and futures commission merchant FCM ), is also subject to Rule 1.17 of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), which sets forth minimum financial requirements. The minimum net capital requirement in determining excess net capital for a dually-registered U.S. broker-dealer and FCM is equal to the greater of the requirement under Rule 15c3-1 or CFTC Rule 1.17. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act contains provisions that require the registration of all swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers, and/or major security-based swap participants. One of o ur subsidiaries, Jefferies Financial Services, Inc. ("JFSI"), a registered swap dealer, is subject to the CFTC's regulatory capital requirements and holds regulatory capital in excess of the minimum regulatory requirement. Additionally, JFSI is registered as a security-based swap dealer with the SEC and is subject to the SEC's security-based swap dealer regulatory rules. Further, JFSI is registered with the SEC as an OTC derivatives dealer, and is subject to compliance with the SEC's net capital requirements. As a security-based swap dealer and swap dealer, JFSI is subject to the net capital requirements of the SEC, CFTC and the NFA, as a member of the NFA. JFSI is required to maintain minimum net capital, as defined under SEC Rule 18a-1 of not less than the greater of 2 of the risk margin amount, as defined, or 20 million. 
 At November 30, 2022, Jefferies LLC and JFSI s net capital and excess net capital were as follows (in thousands): 
 Net Capital Excess Net Capital Jefferies LLC 
 903,349 806,238 JFSI 436,681 416,681 
 FINRA is the designated examining authority for Jefferies LLC and the National Futures Association is the designated self-regulatory organization for Jefferies LLC as an FCM. 
 Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to capital adequacy requirements as prescribed by the regulatory authorities in their respective jurisdictions, including Jefferies International Limited which is subject to the regulatory supervision and requirements of the Financial Conduct Authority in the U.K. 
 The regulatory capital requirements referred to above may restrict our ability to withdraw capital from our regulated subsidiaries. 
 Other Developments 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. Following Russia's invasion, the U.S., the U.K., and the European Union governments, among others, developed coordinated financial and economic sanctions targeting Russia that, in various ways, constrain transactions with numerous Russian entities, including major Russian banks and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade and financing to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. We do not have any operations in Russia or any clients with significant Russian operations and we have minimal market risk related to securities of companies either domiciled or operating in Russia. We continue to monitor the status of trading and the credit risk of our counterparties and we believe that any loss we might incur will be immaterial. 
 On January 1, 2022, the publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities and all non-U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities ceased and the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR maturities will cease immediately after June 30, 2023. We are a counterparty to a number of LIBOR-based contracts composed primarily of cleared derivative contracts and floating rate notes. We continue to make progress with our transition program to orderly transition from Interbank Offered Rates to alternative reference rates in accordance with industry timelines, which includes a policy that limits new agreements that reference U.S. Dollar LIBOR or non-U.S Dollar LIBOR, except as permitted under certain circumstances. Our transition plan is designed to enable operational readiness and robust risk management and we are taking steps to update operational processes, models and contracts for any changes that may be required as well as reduce our overall exposure to LIBOR. We are actively engaged with our counterparties to ensure that our contracts adhere to the International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. fallback protocol or are actively converted to alternative risk-free reference rates and are both educating and assisting our clients with the transition from and cessation of LIBOR. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have contractual commitments arising in the ordinary course of business for securities loaned or purchased under agreements to resell, repurchase agreements, future purchases and sales of foreign currencies, securities transactions on a when-issued basis, purchases and sales of corporate loans in the secondary market and underwriting. Each of these financial instruments and activities contains varying degrees of off-balance sheet risk whereby the fair values of the securities underlying the financial instruments may be in excess of, or less than, the contract amount. The settlement of these transactions is not expected to have a material effect upon our consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 In the normal course of business we engage in other off balance-sheet arrangements, including derivative contracts. Neither derivatives notional amounts nor underlying instrument values are reflected as assets or liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Rather, the fair values of derivative contracts are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Financial instruments owned or Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased as applicable. Derivative contracts are reflected net of cash paid or received pursuant to credit support agreements and are reported on a net by counterparty basis when a legal right of offset exists under an enforceable master netting agreement. For additional information about our accounting policies and our derivative activities, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 4, Fair Value Disclosures, and Note 5, Derivative Financial Instruments, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The table below provides information about our contractual obligations at November 30, 2022. The table presents principal cash flows with expected maturity dates (in millions): 
 Expected Maturity Date 2023 2024 2025 and 2026 2027 and 2028 2029 and Later Total Contractual obligations: Unsecured long-term debt (contractual principal payments net of unamortized discounts and premiums) (1) 409.6 910.3 111.1 1,235.4 4,804.9 7,471.3 Secured long-term debt (1) 146.7 1,107.8 48.3 1,302.8 Interest payment obligations on long-term debt (2) 110.3 91.5 136.0 195.8 835.9 1,369.5 Operating leases (3) 76.8 78.7 152.6 137.5 162.5 608.1 Purchase obligations (4) 195.6 132.7 70.3 29.0 2.7 430.3 Total 939.0 2,321.0 518.3 1,597.7 5,806.0 11,182.0 
 (1) For additional information on long-term debt, see Note 17, Long-Term Debt, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Amounts based on applicable interest rates at November 30, 2022. 
 (3) For additional information on operating leases related to certain premises and equipment agreements, see Note 15, Leases, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (4) Purchase obligations for goods and services primarily include payments for outsourcing and computer and telecommunications maintenance agreements. Purchase obligations at November 30, 2022 reflect the minimum contractual obligations under legally enforceable contracts. 
 Subsequent to November 30, 2022 and on or before January 31, 2023, we expect to make cash payments of 1.50 billion related to compensation awards for fiscal 2022. See Note 13, Compensation Plans, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Risk Management 
 
 Overview 
 Risk is an inherent part of our business and activities. The extent to which we properly and effectively identify, assess, monitor and manage each of the various types of risk involved in our activities is critical to our financial soundness, viability and profitability. Accordingly, we have a comprehensive risk management approach, with a formal governance structure and policies and procedures outlining frameworks and processes to identify, assess, monitor and manage risk. Principal risks involved in our business activities include market, credit, liquidity and capital, operational, legal and compliance, new business and reputational risk. 
 Risk management is a multifaceted process that requires communication, judgment and knowledge of financial products and markets. Our risk management process encompasses the active involvement of executive and senior management, and also many departments independent of the revenue-producing business units, including the Risk Management, Operations, Information Technology, Compliance, Legal and Finance Departments. Our risk management policies, procedures and methodologies are flexible in nature and are subject to ongoing review and modification. 
 In achieving our strategic business objectives, our risk appetite incorporates keeping our clients interests as top priority and ensuring we are in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, as well as adhering to the highest ethical standards. We undertake prudent risk-taking that protects the capital base and franchise, utilizing risk limits and tolerances that avoid outsized risk-taking. We maintain a diversified business mix and avoid significant concentrations to any sector, product, geography, or activity and set quantitative concentration limits to manage this risk. We consider contagion, second order effects and correlation in our risk assessment process and actively seek out value opportunities of all sizes. We manage the risk of opportunities larger than our approved risk levels through risk sharing and risk distribution, sell-down and hedging as appropriate. We have a limited appetite for illiquid assets and complex derivative financial instruments. We maintain the asset quality of our balance sheet through conducting trading activity in liquid markets and generally ensure high turnover of our inventory. We subject less liquid positions and derivative financial instruments to particular scrutiny and use a wide variety of specific metrics, limits, and constraints to manage these risks. We protect our reputation and franchise, as well as our standing within the market. We operate a federated approach to risk management and assign risk oversight responsibilities to a number of functions with specific areas of focus. 
 For discussion of liquidity and capital risk management, refer to the Liquidity, Financial Condition and Capital Resources section herein. 
 Governance and Risk Management Structure 
 Our Board of Directors Board and Risk and Liquidity Oversight Committee Committee . Our Board and Committee play an important role in reviewing our risk management process and risk appetite. The Committee assists the Board in its oversight of: (i) the Company s enterprise risk management, (ii) the Company s capital, liquidity and funding guidelines and policies and (iii) the performance of the Company s Chief Risk Officer. Our Global Chief Risk Officer CRO and Global Treasurer meet with the Committee on no less than a quarterly basis to present our risk profile and liquidity profile and to respond to questions. Our Chief Information Officer also meets with the Committee at least semi-annually to receive and review reports related to any exposure to cybersecurity risk and our plans and programs to mitigate and respond to cybersecurity risks. Additionally, our risk management team continuously monitors our various businesses, the level of risk the businesses are taking and the efficacy of potential risk mitigation strategies and presents this information to our senior management and the Committee. 
 Our Board also fulfills its risk oversight role through the operations of its various committees, including its Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has responsibility for risk oversight in connection with its review of our financial statements, internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting, as well as assisting the Board with our legal and regulatory compliance and overseeing our Code of Business Practice. The Audit Committee is also updated on risk controls at each of its regularly scheduled meetings. 
 Internal Audit, which reports to the Audit Committee of the Board and includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise, is responsible for independently assessing and validating key controls within our risk management framework. 
 We make extensive use of internal committees to govern risk taking and ensure that business activities are properly identified, assessed, monitored and managed. The Risk Management Committee RMC and membership comprises our Chief Executive Officer, President, CFO, CRO and Global Treasurer. Our other risk related committees govern risk taking and ensure that business activities are properly managed for their area of oversight. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Risk Committees. 
 RMC - the principal committee that governs our risk taking activities. The RMC meets weekly to discuss our risk profile and discuss business or market trends and their potential impact on the business. The Committee approves our limits as a whole, and across risk categories and business lines, reviews limit breaches, and approves risk policies and stress testing methodologies and is supported by the subcommittees, e.g., Credit Committee, Model Governance Committee and Stress Testing Committee, and management forums in risk management functions. 
 Executive Committee - provides insight, perspective and guidance for the day-to-day operations and strategic direction of their respective businesses and us as a whole. 
 Operating Committee - brings together the managers of all control areas and the business line chief operating officers, whereby each department presents issues regarding current and proposed business. This committee provides the key forum for coordination and communication between the control managers entirely focused on our activities as a whole. 
 Asset / Liability Committee - seeks to ensure effective management and control of the balance sheet in terms of risk profile, adequacy of capital and liquidity resources, and funding profile and strategy. The committee is responsible for developing, implementing and enforcing our liquidity, funding and capital policies. This includes recommendations for capital and balance sheet size, as well as the allocation of capital to our businesses. 
 Independent Price Verification Committee - establishes our valuation policies and procedures and is responsible for independently validating the fair value of our financial instruments. The committee, which comprises stakeholders represented by the CFO, Internal Audit, Risk Management and Controllers, meets monthly to assess and approve the results of our inventory price testing. 
 New Business Committee - reviews new business, products and activities and extensions of existing businesses, products and activities that may introduce materially different or greater risks than those of a business existing activities. The new business approval process is a key control over new business activity. The objectives are to notify all relevant functions of the intention to introduce a new product, business or activity, to share information between functions and to ensure there is a thorough understanding of the proposal. 
 Risk Considerations 
 We apply a comprehensive framework of limits on a variety of key metrics to constrain the risk profile of our business activities. The size of the limits reflects our risk appetite for a certain activity under normal business conditions. Key metrics included in our risk management framework include inventory position and exposure limits on a gross and net basis, scenario analysis and stress tests, Value-at-Risk VaR ), sensitivities, exposure concentrations, aged inventory, Level 3 assets, counterparty exposure, leverage and cash capital. 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of loss due to fluctuations in the market value of financial assets and liabilities attributable to changes in market variables. 
 Our market risk principally arises from interest rate risk, from exposure to changes in the yield curve, the volatility of interest rates, and credit spreads, and from equity price risks from exposure to changes in prices and volatilities of individual equities, equity baskets and equity indices. In addition, commodity price risk results from exposure to the changes in prices and volatilities of individual commodities, commodity baskets and commodity indices, and foreign exchange risk results from changes in foreign currency rates. 
 Market risk is present in our capital markets business through market making, proprietary trading, underwriting and investing activities and is present in our asset management business through investments in separately managed accounts and direct investments in funds. Given our involvement in a broad set of financial products and markets, market risk exposures are diversified, and economic hedges are established as appropriate. 
 
 Market risk is monitored and managed through a set of key risk metrics such as VaR, stress scenarios, risk sensitivities and position exposures. Limits are set on the key risk metrics to monitor and control the risk exposure ensuring that it is in line with our risk appetite. Our risk appetite, including the market risk limits, is periodically reviewed to reflect business strategy and market environment. Material risk changes, top/emerging risks and limit utilizations/breaches are highlighted, through risk reporting, and escalated as necessary. 
 Trading is principally managed through front office trader mandates, where each trader is provided a specific mandate in line with our product registry. Mandates set out the activities, currencies, countries and products that the desk is permitted to trade in and set the limits applicable 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Trader Mandates 
 Trading is principally managed through front office trader mandates, where each trader is provided a specific mandate in line with our product registry. Mandates set out the activities, currencies, countries and products that the desk is permitted to trade in and set the limits applicable to the desk. Traders are responsible for knowing their trading limits and trading in a manner consistent with their mandate. 
 VaR 
 VaR is a statistical estimate of the potential loss from adverse market movements over a specified time horizon within a specified probability (confidence level). It provides a common risk measure across financial instruments, markets and asset classes. We estimate VaR using a model that simulates revenue and loss distributions by applying historical market changes to the current portfolio. We calculate a one-day VaR using a one year look-back period measured at a 95 confidence level. 
 As with all measures of VaR, our estimate has inherent limitations due to the assumption that historical changes in market conditions are representative of the future. Furthermore, the VaR model measures the risk of a current static position over a one-day horizon and might not capture the market risk over a longer time horizon where moves may be more extreme. Previous changes in market risk factors may not generate accurate predictions of future market movements. While we believe the assumptions and inputs in our risk model are reasonable, we could incur losses greater than the reported VaR. Consequently, this VaR estimate is only one of a number of tools we use in our daily risk management activities. 
 The table below shows firmwide VaR for each component of market risk by interest rate and credit spreads, equity, currency and commodity products using the past 365 days of historical data (in millions): 
 Daily VaR (1) Value-at-Risk in Trading Portfolios VaR at November 30, 2022 VaR at November 30, 2021 Daily VaR for 2022 Daily VaR for 2021 Risk Categories: Average High Low Average High Low Interest Rates and Credit 
 Spreads 
 6.26 5.93 9.01 3.63 4.60 5.46 11.15 3.21 Equity Prices 7.91 7.83 17.59 3.55 9.85 11.66 18.98 6.17 Currency Rates 0.22 0.12 0.34 0.02 0.12 0.12 0.31 0.03 Commodity Prices 0.09 0.29 0.83 0.09 0.15 0.39 0.77 0.13 Diversification Effect (2) (3.12) (3.13) N/A N/A (2.06) (4.00) N/A N/A Firmwide VaR (3) 11.36 11.04 18.94 5.90 12.66 13.63 22.91 6.94 
 (1) For the firmwide VaR numbers reported above, a one day time horizon, with a one year look-back period, and a 95 confidence level were used. 
 (2) The diversification effect is not applicable for the maximum and minimum VaR values as firmwide VaR and the VaR values for the four risk categories might have occurred on different days during the period. 
 (3) The aggregated VaR presented here is less than the sum of the individual components (i.e., interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and commodity price risk) due to the benefit of diversification among the four risk categories. Diversification benefit equals the difference between aggregated VaR and the sum of VaRs for the four risk categories and arises because the market risk categories are not perfectly correlated. 
 
 The table below shows VaR for our capital markets trading activities, which excludes the impact on VaR for each component of market risk from our asset management activities by interest rate and credit spreads, equity, currency and commodity products using the past 365 days of historical data (in millions): 
 Daily VaR (1) Value-at-Risk in Trading Portfolios VaR at November 30, 2022 VaR at November 30, 2021 Daily VaR for 2022 Daily VaR for 2021 Risk Categories: Average High Low Average High Low Interest Rates and Credit 
 Spreads 
 6.01 5.60 8.63 3.20 4.63 5.45 11.25 3.29 Equity Prices 8.09 8.07 31.13 3.42 5.20 5.80 13.44 3.23 Currency Rates 0.01 0.05 0.29 0.07 0.11 0.31 0.02 Commodity Prices 0.02 0.56 0.01 0.04 0.27 Diversification Effect (2) (2.48) (4.54) N/A N/A (2.21) (3.75) N/A N/A Capital Markets VaR (3) 11.63 9.20 19.56 4.78 7.70 7.65 12.18 5.10 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 (1) For the capital markets VaR numbers reported above, a one-day time horizon, with a one year look-back period, and a 95 confidence level were used. 
 (2) The diversification effect is not applicable for the maximum and minimum VaR values as the capital markets VaR and the VaR values for the four risk categories might have occurred on different days during the period. 
 (3) The aggregated VaR presented here is less than the sum of the individual components (i.e., interest rate risk, foreign exchange rate risk, equity risk and commodity price risk) due to the benefit of diversification among the four risk categories. Diversification benefit equals the difference between aggregated VaR and the sum of VaRs for the four risk categories and arises because the market risk categories are not perfectly correlated. 
 Our average daily firmwide VaR decreased to 11.04 million for 2022 from 13.63 million for 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower exposures from our asset management activities, which was partially offset by an increase in firmwide VaR from periodic residual exposures to equity block trades. Average daily capital markets VaR increased to 9.20 million for 2022 from 7.65 million for 2021 driven by periodic residual exposure to equity block trades. 
 The efficacy of the VaR model is tested by comparing our actual daily net revenues for those positions included in VaR calculation with the daily VaR estimate. This evaluation is performed at various levels, from the overall level down to specific business lines. For the VaR model, revenue is defined as principal transactions revenues, trading related commissions, revenue from securitization activities and net interest income. VaR backtesting methodologies differ for regulated entities with approved capital models. 
 For a 95 confidence one day VaR model (i.e., no intra-day trading), assuming current changes in market value are consistent with the historical changes used in the calculation, losses would not be expected to exceed the VaR estimates more than twelve times on an annual basis (i.e., once in every 20 days). During 2022, there were three days when the aggregate net trading loss exceeded the 95 one day VaR. 
 The chart below reflects our daily VaR over the last four quarters. The drop in VaR from January to end of February 2022 was driven by exposure reductions in response to market volatility driven by inflation, rate hike expectations and Russia/Ukraine crisis. VaR increase in early March 2022 was driven by higher equity exposure which was subsequently reduced. VaR trended lower from June 2022 to mid July 2022 driven by defensive positioning. The temporary increase in VaR in mid-July 2022 was driven by a block trade which was subsequently reduced. VaR was relatively stable during the three months ended November 30, 2022. 

57 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Daily Net Trading Revenue 
 There were 30 days with trading losses out of a total of 252 trading days in 2022. The histogram below presents the distribution of our actual daily net trading revenue for substantially all of our trading activities for 2022 (in millions). 

Other Risk Measures 
 Sensitivity analysis is viewed as the most appropriate measure of risks for certain positions within financial instruments and therefore such positions are not included in the VaR model. Accordingly, Risk Management has additional procedures in place to assure that the level of potential loss that would arise from market movements are within acceptable levels. Such procedures include performing stress tests and profit and loss analysis. The table below presents the potential reduction in net earnings associated with a 10 stress of the fair value of the positions that are not included in the VaR model at November 30, 2022 (in thousands): 
 10 Sensitivity Investment in funds (1) 
 127,498 Private investments 
 20,087 Corporate debt securities in default 
 7,211 Trade claims 
 2,588 
 (1) Includes investments in hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds. For additional details on these investments refer to Investments at Fair Value within Note 4, Fair Value Disclosures, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The impact of changes in our own credit spreads on our structured notes for which the fair value option was elected is not included in VaR. The estimated credit spread risk sensitivity for each one basis point widening in our own credit spreads on financial liabilities for which the fair value option was elected was an increase in value of approximately 1.5 million at November 30, 2022, which is included in other comprehensive income. 
 Other Risk 
 We are also subject to interest rate risk on our long-term fixed interest rate debt. Generally, the fair market value of debt securities with a fixed interest rate will increase as interest rates fall, and the fair market value will decrease as interest rates rise. The following table represents principal cash flows by expected maturity dates and the related weighted-average interest rate on those maturities for our consolidated long-term debt obligations, inclusive of any related interest rate hedges. For the variable rate borrowings, the weighted-average interest rates are based on the rates in effect at the reporting date. Our market risk with respect to foreign currency exposure on our long-term debt is also shown below. For additional information, see Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Expected Maturity Date (Fiscal Years) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) Rate Sensitive Liabilities: Fixed Interest Rate Borrowings 393,748 242,000 90,565 46,390 533,438 3,329,710 4,635,851 4,248,868 Weighted-Average Interest Rate 5.54 2.92 1.95 4.18 5.88 5.03 Variable Interest Rate Borrowings 150,316 1,191,568 38,780 70,422 673,007 1,327,499 3,451,592 3,122,061 Weighted-Average Interest Rate 5.42 6.05 5.46 6.64 6.49 5.93 Borrowings with Foreign Currency Exposure 520,650 761,815 1,282,465 1,085,148 Weighted-Average Interest Rate 1.00 6.59 
 Stress Tests and Scenario Analysis 
 Stress tests are used to analyze the potential impact of specific events or extreme market moves on the current portfolio both firm-wide and within business segments. Stress testing is an important part of our risk management approach because it allows us to quantify our exposure to tail risks, highlight potential loss concentrations, undertake risk/reward analysis, set risk controls and overall assess and mitigate our risk. 
 We employ a range of stress scenarios, which comprise both historical market price and rate changes and hypothetical market environments, and generally involve simultaneous changes of many risk factors. Indicative market changes in the scenarios include, but are not limited to, a large widening of credit spreads, a substantial decline in equities markets, significant moves in selected emerging markets, large moves in interest rates and changes in the shape of the yield curve. 
 Unlike our VaR, which measures potential losses within a given confidence interval, stress scenarios do not have an associated implied probability. Rather, stress testing is used to estimate the potential loss from market moves that tend to be larger than those embedded in the VaR calculation. Stress testing complements VaR to cover for potential limitations of VaR such as the breakdown in correlations, non-linear risks, tail risk and extreme events and capturing market moves beyond the confidence levels assumed in the VaR calculations. 
 Stress testing is performed and reported at least weekly as part of our risk management process and on an ad hoc basis in response to market events or concerns. Current stress tests provide estimated revenue and loss of the current portfolio through a range of both historical and hypothetical events. The stress scenarios are reviewed and assessed at least annually so that they remain relevant and up to date with market developments. Additional hypothetical scenarios are also conducted on a sub-portfolio basis to assess the impact of any relevant idiosyncratic stress events as needed. 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a counterparty s credit worthiness or its ability or willingness to meet its financial obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of a financial contract. 
 We are exposed to credit risk as a trading counterparty to other broker-dealers and customers, as a counterparty to derivative contracts, as a direct lender and through extending loan commitments and providing securities-based lending and as a member of exchanges and clearing organizations. Credit exposure exists across a wide-range of products, including cash and cash equivalents, loans, securities finance transactions and over-the-counter derivative contracts. The main sources of credit risk are: 
 Loans and lending arising in connection with our investment banking and capital markets activities, which reflects our exposure at risk on a default event with no recovery of loans. Current exposure represents loans that have been drawn by the borrower and lending commitments that are outstanding. In addition, credit exposures on forward settling traded loans are included within our loans and lending exposures for consistency with the balance sheet categorization of these items. Loans and lending also arise in connection with our portion of a Secured Revolving Credit Facility that is with us and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, to be funded equally, to support loan underwritings by Jefferies Finance. For further information on this facility, refer to Note 9, Investments, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we have loans outstanding to certain of our officers and employees (none of whom are executive officers or directors). For further information on these employee loans, refer to Note 25, Related Party Transactions, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Securities and margin financing transactions, which reflect our credit exposure arising from reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements to the extent the fair value of the underlying collateral differs from the contractual agreement amount and from margin provided to customers. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 OTC derivatives, which are reported net by counterparty when a legal right of setoff exists under an enforceable master netting agreement. OTC derivative exposure is based on a contract at fair value, net of cash collateral received or posted under credit support agreements. In addition, credit exposures on forward settling trades are included within our derivative credit exposures. 
 Cash and cash equivalents, which includes both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits at banks. 
 Credit is extended to counterparties in a controlled manner and in order to generate acceptable returns, whether such credit is granted directly or is incidental to a transaction. All extensions of credit are monitored and managed as a whole to limit exposure to loss related to credit risk. Credit risk is managed according to the Credit Risk Management Policy, which sets out the process for identifying counterparty credit risk, establishing counterparty limits, and managing and monitoring credit limits. The policy includes our approach for: 
 Client on-boarding and approving counterparty credit limits; 
 Negotiating, approving and monitoring credit terms in legal and master documentation; 
 Determining the analytical standards and risk parameters for ongoing management and monitoring credit risk books; 
 Actively managing daily exposure, exceptions and breaches; and 
 Monitoring daily margin call activity and counterparty performance. 
 Counterparty credit exposure limits are granted within our credit ratings framework, as detailed in the Credit Risk Management Policy. The Credit Risk Department assesses counterparty credit risk and sets credit limits at the counterparty master agreement level. Limits must be approved by appropriate credit officers and initiated in our credit and trading systems before trading commences. All credit exposures are reviewed against approved limits on a daily basis. 
 Our Secured Revolving Credit Facility, which supports loan underwritings by Jefferies Finance, is governed under separate policies other than the Credit Risk Management Policy and is approved by our Board. The loans outstanding to certain of our officers and employees are extended pursuant to a review by our most senior management. 
 Current counterparty credit exposures at November 30, 2022 and 2021 are summarized in the tables below and provided by credit quality, region and industry (in millions). Credit exposures presented take netting and collateral into consideration by counterparty and master agreement. Collateral taken into consideration includes both collateral received as cash as well as collateral received in the form of securities or other arrangements. Current exposure is the loss that would be incurred on a particular set of positions in the event of default by the counterparty, assuming no recovery. Current exposure equals the fair value of the positions less collateral. Issuer risk is the credit risk arising from inventory positions (for example, corporate debt securities and secondary bank loans). Issuer risk is included in our country risk exposure tables below. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Counterparty Credit Exposure by Credit Rating 
 Loans and Lending Securities and Margin Finance OTC Derivatives Total Cash and Cash Equivalents Total with Cash and Cash Equivalents At At At At At At November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 AAA Range 2.0 0.8 0.1 2.1 0.8 7,162.1 8,518.2 7,164.2 8,519.0 AA Range 70.1 60.0 142.7 111.7 3.9 13.0 216.7 184.7 4.7 5.1 221.4 189.8 A Range 1.8 0.4 575.1 530.4 207.8 338.0 784.7 868.8 2,114.1 1,869.4 2,898.8 2,738.2 BBB Range 251.1 250.3 155.3 170.9 (1.3) 37.2 405.1 458.4 419.3 349.0 824.4 807.4 BB or Lower 61.6 40.0 22.1 11.4 44.0 71.0 127.7 122.4 0.1 127.7 122.5 Unrated 377.8 164.2 377.8 164.2 2.9 13.3 380.7 177.5 Total 762.4 514.9 897.2 825.2 254.5 459.2 1,914.1 1,799.3 9,703.1 10,755.1 11,617.2 12,554.4 Counterparty Credit Exposure by Region 
 Loans and Lending Securities and Margin Finance OTC Derivatives Total Cash and Cash Equivalents Total with Cash and Cash Equivalents At At At At At At November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 Asia/Latin America/Other 15.8 14.9 56.3 63.7 0.3 0.9 72.4 79.5 283.0 268.1 355.4 347.6 Europe and the Middle East 1.7 0.3 273.2 300.8 35.2 66.4 310.1 367.5 43.9 57.0 354.0 424.5 North America 744.9 499.7 567.7 460.7 219.0 391.9 1,531.6 1,352.3 9,376.2 10,430.0 10,907.8 11,782.3 Total 762.4 514.9 897.2 825.2 254.5 459.2 1,914.1 1,799.3 9,703.1 10,755.1 11,617.2 12,554.4 Counterparty Credit Exposure by Industry 
 Loans and Lending Securities and Margin Finance OTC Derivatives Total Cash and Cash Equivalents Total with Cash and Cash Equivalents At At At At At At November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 Asset Managers 
 20.8 20.8 7,162.1 8,518.2 7,182.9 8,518.2 Banks, Broker-dealers 
 251.9 250.7 623.1 602.9 211.2 388.9 1,086.2 1,242.5 2,541.0 2,236.9 3,627.2 3,479.4 Corporates 
 197.8 158.2 36.6 68.0 234.4 226.2 234.4 226.2 As Agent Banks 182.7 185.2 182.7 185.2 182.7 185.2 Other 
 291.9 106.0 91.4 37.1 6.7 2.3 390.0 145.4 390.0 145.4 Total 762.4 514.9 897.2 825.2 254.5 459.2 1,914.1 1,799.3 9,703.1 10,755.1 11,617.2 12,554.4 
 For additional information regarding credit exposure to OTC derivative contracts, refer to Note 5, Derivative Financial Instruments, in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Country Risk Exposure 
 Country risk is the risk that events or developments that occur in the general environment of a country or countries due to economic, political, social, regulatory, legal or other factors, will affect the ability of obligors of the country to honor their obligations. We define the country of risk as the country of jurisdiction or domicile of the obligor, and monitor country risk resulting from both trading positions and counterparty exposure, which may not include the offsetting benefit of any financial instruments utilized to manage market risk. The following tables reflect our top exposure at November 30, 2022 and 2021 to the sovereign governments, corporations and financial institutions in those non- U.S. countries in which we have a net long issuer and counterparty exposure (in millions): 
 November 30, 2022 Issuer Risk Counterparty Risk Issuer and Counterparty Risk Fair Value of Long Debt Securities Fair Value of Short Debt Securities Net Derivative Notional Exposure Loans and Lending Securities and Margin Finance OTC Derivatives Cash and Cash Equivalents Excluding Cash and Cash Equivalents Including Cash and Cash Equivalents Canada 273.6 (98.3) (68.7) 0.1 91.5 181.1 1.8 379.3 381.1 United Kingdom 555.0 (350.1) (117.5) 1.7 48.7 15.8 27.8 153.6 181.4 Hong Kong 18.8 (46.7) 1.3 187.4 (26.6) 160.8 France 330.3 (239.7) (42.8) 82.0 6.7 136.5 136.5 Netherlands 322.2 (212.4) 5.5 3.8 0.2 0.2 119.3 119.5 Italy 911.7 (674.8) (133.3) 0.5 103.6 104.1 Germany 323.8 (381.5) 68.5 69.3 2.5 11.4 82.6 94.0 Spain 437.3 (376.9) (38.0) 46.0 0.5 68.4 68.9 China 200.1 (129.3) (6.3) 64.5 64.5 Brazil 137.2 (61.3) (16.7) 59.2 59.2 Total 3,510.0 (2,571.0) (349.3) 1.8 342.6 206.3 229.6 1,140.4 1,370.0 
 November 30, 2021 Issuer Risk Counterparty Risk Issuer and Counterparty Risk Fair Value of Long Debt Securities Fair Value of Short Debt Securities Net Derivative Notional Exposure Loans and Lending Securities and Margin Finance OTC Derivatives Cash and Cash Equivalents Excluding Cash and Cash Equivalents Including Cash and Cash Equivalents Canada 196.4 (94.2) 1.3 63.1 259.5 1.7 426.1 427.8 United Kingdom 
 570.6 (350.1) (1.4) 0.3 68.9 24.9 26.7 313.2 339.9 Hong Kong 27.9 (18.3) (1.8) 2.5 160.6 10.3 170.9 Japan 247.3 (205.4) (3.1) 18.3 0.1 51.4 57.2 108.6 Spain 191.4 (111.8) (0.1) 25.3 0.3 105.1 105.1 Australia 134.1 (78.5) 0.6 25.5 7.5 81.7 89.2 Netherlands 220.2 (142.0) 0.7 3.9 0.1 1.3 82.9 84.2 Switzerland 97.3 (67.6) 3.5 40.3 2.5 2.7 76.0 78.7 France 210.7 (201.7) (59.5) 99.6 26.9 76.0 76.0 China 458.4 (356.9) (34.1) 67.4 67.4 Total 2,354.3 (1,626.5) (93.9) 0.3 347.4 314.3 251.9 1,295.9 1,547.8 
 Operational Risk 
 Operational risk is the risk of financial or non-financial impact, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. We interpret this definition as including not only financial loss or gain but also other negative impacts to our objectives such as reputational impact, legal/regulatory impact and impact on our clients. Third-party risk is also included as a subset of Operational Risk and is defined as the potential threat presented to us, or our employees or clients, from our supply chain and other third-parties used to perform a process, service or activity on our behalf. 
 Our Operational Risk framework includes governance as well as operational risk processes, which comprises operational risk event capture and analysis, risk and control self-assessments, operational risk key indicators, action tracking, risk monitoring and reporting, deep dive risk assessments, new business approvals and vendor risk management. Each revenue producing and support department is responsible for the management and reporting of operational risks and the implementation of the Operational Risk Management Policy and processes within the department with regular operational risk training provided to our employees. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Operational Risk events are mapped to Risk Categories used for the consistent classification of risk data to support root cause and trend analysis, which includes: 
 Fraud and Theft 
 Clients and Business Practices 
 Market Conduct / Regulatory Compliance 
 Business Disruption 
 Technology 
 Data Protection and Privacy 
 Trading 
 Transaction and Process Management 
 People 
 Cyber 
 Vendor Risk 
 Operational Risk Management Policy, framework, infrastructure, methodology, processes, guidance and oversight of the operational risk processes are centralized and consistent firmwide and additionally subject to regional and legal entity operational risk governance as required. We also maintain a firmwide Third-Party Vendor Risk Management Policy Framework to ensure adequate control and monitoring over our critical third parties which includes processes for conducting periodic reviews covering areas of risk including financial health, information security, privacy, business continuity management, disaster recovery and operational risk. 
 Our leadership continuously monitors circumstances around COVID-19 and provides as-needed communications to both our clients and our employees to keep them fully abreast of our policies and protocols. We follow local and federal guidelines to ensure the safety of our people and clients and operate effectively with a hybrid working environment across all functions with no disruptions to our business or control processes. As the incidence of COVID-19 decreases, our employees have returned to our offices in numbers matching pre-COVID-19 attendance levels. 
 Model Risk 
 Model risk refers to the risk of losses resulting from decisions that are based on the output of models, due to errors or weaknesses in the design and development, implementation, or improper use of models. We use quantitative models primarily to value certain financial assets and liabilities and to monitor and manage our risk. Model risk is a function of the model materiality, frequency of use, complexity and uncertainty around inputs and assumptions used in a given model. Robust model risk management is a core part of our risk management approach and is overseen through our risk governance structure and risk management controls. 
 Legal and Compliance Risk 
 Legal and compliance risk includes the risk of noncompliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We are subject to extensive regulation in the different jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. We have various procedures addressing issues such as regulatory capital requirements, sales and trading practices, use of and safekeeping of customer funds, credit granting, collection activities, anti-money laundering and record keeping. These risks also reflect the potential impact that changes in local and international laws and tax statutes have on the economics and viability of current or future transactions. In an effort to mitigate these risks, we continuously review new and pending regulations and legislation and participate in various industry interest groups. We also maintain an anonymous hotline for employees or others to report suspected inappropriate actions by us or by our employees or agents. 
 New Business Risk 
 New business risk refers to the risks of entering into a new line of business or offering a new product. By entering a new line of business or offering a new product, we may face risks that we are unaccustomed to dealing with and may increase the magnitude of the risks we currently face. The New Business Committee reviews proposals for new businesses and new products to determine if we are prepared to handle the additional or increased risks associated with entering into such activities. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Reputational Risk 
 We recognize that maintaining our reputation among clients, investors, regulators and the general public is an important aspect of minimizing legal and operational risks. Maintaining our reputation depends on a large number of factors, including the selection of our clients and the conduct of our business activities. We seek to maintain our reputation by screening potential clients and by conducting our business activities in accordance with high ethical standards. Our reputation and business activity can be affected by statements and actions of third-parties, even false or misleading statements by them. We actively monitor public comment concerning us and are vigilant in seeking to assure accurate information and perception prevails. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 66 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 

65 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management evaluated our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . As a result of this assessment and based on the criteria in this framework, management has concluded that, as of November 30, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited and issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting, which appears on page 69 . 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of change to earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity, for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated January 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of accounting for secondary loan trading activity from the trade date basis method to the settlement date basis method for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Jefferies Group LLC was wholly merged into Jefferies Financial Group Inc. The Company made certain reclassifications within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and Consolidated Statement of Earnings in connection with the merger. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of financial assets and liabilities that incorporate significant unobservable inputs or complex models/methodologies - Refer to Note 2 and Note 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company estimates fair value for certain financial assets and liabilities utilizing models and unobservable inputs. Unlike the fair value of other assets and liabilities which are readily observable and therefore more easily independently corroborated, these financial assets and liabilities are not actively traded or quoted prices are available but traded less frequently, and fair value is determined based on significant judgments such as models, inputs and valuation methodologies. 
 We identified the valuation of financial assets and liabilities that incorporate significant unobservable inputs or complex models/methodologies as a critical audit matter because of the pricing inputs, complexity of models and/or methodologies used by management and third-party specialists to estimate fair value. The valuations involve a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling experience, to audit and evaluate the appropriateness of the models and inputs. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures for financial assets and liabilities that incorporate significant unobservable inputs or complex models/methodologies included the following procedures, among others: 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s valuation controls, including the: 
 Independent price verification controls. 
 Pricing model controls which are designed to review a model s theoretical soundness and its appropriateness. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s valuation methodology and estimates by: 
 Developing independent valuation estimates and comparing such estimates to management s recorded values. 
 Comparing management s assumptions and both observable and unobservable inputs to relevant audit evidence, including external sources, where available. 
 We evaluated management s ability to estimate fair value by comparing management s valuation estimates to subsequent transactions, when available. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 January 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of November 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended November 30, 2022, of the Company and our report dated January 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and included an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company's election to change its method of accounting for secondary loan trading activity from trade date basis method to settlement date basis method and an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding certain reclassifications within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and Consolidated Statement of Earnings in connection with the merger of Jefferies Group LLC into Jefferies Group Inc. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying M anagement s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 January 27, 2023 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (In thousands) 
 November 30, 2022 2021 
 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes or deposited with clearing and depository organizations Financial instruments owned, at fair value (includes securities pledged of and at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Investments in and loans to related parties Securities borrowed Securities purchased under agreements to resell Securities received as collateral, at fair value Receivables: Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations Customers Fees, interest and other Premises and equipment Goodwill Other assets (includes assets pledged of and at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Short-term borrowings Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value Securities loaned Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other secured financings (includes and at fair value at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Obligation to return securities received as collateral, at fair value Payables: Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations Customers Lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other liabilities Long-term debt (includes and at fair value at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total liabilities MEZZANINE EQUITY Redeemable noncontrolling interests Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares EQUITY Common shares, par value per share, authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding, after deducting and shares held in treasury 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 
 2020 
 Revenues Investment banking Principal transactions Commissions and other fees Asset management fees and revenues Interest Other Total revenues Interest expense Net revenues Non-interest expenses Compensation and benefits Floor brokerage and clearing fees Underwriting costs Technology and communications Occupancy and equipment rental Business development Professional services Depreciation and amortization Cost of sales Other expenses Total non-interest expenses Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense Net earnings Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 See Note 1 for a description of financial statement presentation changes made as a result of our Merger with Jefferies Group. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Currency translation adjustments and other (1) ) ) Changes in fair value related to instrument specific credit risk (2) ) ) Minimum pension liability adjustments (3) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax (4) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends Comprehensive income attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders 
 (1) million, million and ) million during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) million, million and million for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amounts for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include net gains (losses) of million, ) million and ) million, respectively, net of tax benefits (expenses) of thousand, million and million, respectively, for fair value changes related to instrument specific risk, which were reclassified to Principal transactions revenues within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 (3) million, ) million and thousand for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The amounts during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, include pension net losses of million, million and million, respectively, net of tax benefits of million, million and million, respectively, which were reclassified to Compensation and benefits expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 (4) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Common shares 1 par value Balance, beginning of period Purchase of common shares for treasury ) ) ) Other Balance, end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance, beginning of period Share-based compensation expense Change in fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of common shares for treasury ) ) ) Other Balance, end of period Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes: ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) Retained earnings Balance, beginning of period Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Dividends , , and per common share, respectively) 
 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle for current expected credit losses, net of tax ) Balance, end of period Total Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Balance, beginning of period Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions Distributions ) ) ) Deconsolidation of asset management entity ) Other ) Balance, end of period Total equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Share-based compensation Bad debt expense (Income) loss on investments in and loans to related parties ) Distributions received on investments in related parties Gain on sale of subsidiaries and investments in related parties ) Other adjustments ) ) Net change in assets and liabilities: Securities deposited with clearing and depository organizations Receivables: Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations ) ) Customers ) Fees, interest and other ) ) Securities borrowed Financial instruments owned ) ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) ) Other assets ) ) Payables: Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations ) Customers ) Securities loaned ) ) Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Lease liabilities ) ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Contributions to investments in and loans to related parties ) ) ) Capital distributions from investments and repayments of loans from related parties Originations and purchases of automobile loans, notes and other receivables ) ) ) Principal collections of automobile loans, notes and other receivables Net payments on premises and equipment, and other assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries and investments in related parties, net of expenses and cash of operations sold Deconsolidation of asset management entity ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of investments and loan receivables Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 Continued on next page. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS CONTINUED 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments on short-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Net proceeds from (payments on) other secured financings ) Net change in bank overdrafts ) ) Proceeds from contributions of noncontrolling interests Payments on distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Purchase of common shares for treasury ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes, net 
 Noncash investing activities: 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, we sold our interest in the Oak Hill investment management company. Noncash investing activities related to the sale were a receivable of million. Refer to Note 1, Organization and Basis of Presentation, for further details. 
 The following presents our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash by category within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes with clearing and depository organizations Other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Index 
 Note Page Note 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 77 
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 80 
 Note 3. Accounting Developments 
 87 
 Note 4. Fair Value Disclosures 
 89 
 Note 5. Derivative Financial Instruments 
 105 
 Note 6. Collateralized Transactions 
 111 
 Note 7. Securitization Activities 
 114 
 Note 8. Variable Interest Entities 
 115 
 Note 9. Investments 
 119 
 Note 10. Credit Losses on Financial Assets Measured at Amortized Cost 
 125 
 Note 11. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 128 
 Note 12. Revenues from Contracts with Customers 
 131 
 Note 13. Compensation Plans 
 134 
 Note 14. Benefit Plans 
 139 
 Note 15. Leases 
 142 
 Note 16. Short-Term Borrowings 
 143 
 Note 17. Long-Term Debt 
 144 
 Note 18. Mezzanine Equity 
 145 
 Note 19. Common Shares and Earnings Per Common Share 
 146 
 Note 20, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 147 
 Note 21. Income Taxes 
 148 
 Note 22. Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
 150 
 Note 23. Net Capital Requirements 
 152 
 Note 24. Segment Reporting 
 153 
 Note 25. Related Party Transactions 
 155 
 Note 26. Subsequent Events 
 155 

76 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 1. 
 reportable business segments: (1) Investment Banking and Capital Markets and (2) Asset Management. The Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment includes our securities, commodities, futures and foreign exchange capital markets activities and our investment banking business, which provides underwriting and financial advisory services to our clients across most industry sectors. We operate globally in the Americas; Europe and the Middle East; and Asia. Investment Banking and Capital Markets also includes our corporate lending joint venture JFIN Parent LLC or Jefferies Finance ), our commercial real estate joint venture Berkadia Commercial Holding LLC or Berkadia and our automobile lending and servicing activities. The Asset Management reportable business segment provides alternative investment management services to investors in the U.S. and overseas and generates investment income from capital invested in and managed by us or our affiliated asset managers. 
 Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group ), our investment banking and securities firm, was historically operated as a separate consolidated subsidiary and was a separate Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reporting company, filing annual, quarterly and periodic financial reports. On November 1, 2022, Jefferies Group was wholly merged into Jefferies Financial Group Inc., which has eliminated the requirement for separate SEC report filings. In addition, we have historically owned a portfolio of investments that have been reflected in our consolidated financial statements as consolidated subsidiaries, equity investments, securities or in other ways that constituted our merchant banking business, which were reported as part of our Merchant Banking reportable segment. During the year ended November 30, 2022 and in connection with the merger, we transferred significantly all of our Merchant Banking investments into our Asset Management reportable segment. Certain other publicly traded equity investments related to investment banking relationships were transferred from our Merchant Banking reportable segment to our Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment. These investments are now managed by the respective segment managers. Additionally, activities that were presented as part of the Corporate reportable segment are now fully allocated to either the Investment Banking and Capital Markets or Asset Management reportable segments. Prior year amounts have been revised to conform to the current segment reporting. For further information on our reportable business segments, refer to Note 24, Segment Reporting. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, we sold all of our interests in Idaho Timber and sold our interests in the Oak Hill investment management company, registered investment adviser and general partner entity and recognized a gain on sale of million and million, respectively. These gains are presented within Other revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and included within our Asset Management reportable business segment. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 This change in accounting policy resulted in a reduction of Financial instruments owned of billion, Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased of billion, Payables - Brokers of billion and Receivables - Brokers of billion on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition at November 30, 2022. There was no impact to net earnings or total equity as a result of this change in accounting policy. 
 ) Investments in and loans to related parties ) Receivables (1) ) Receivables - Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations ) Receivables - Customers Receivables - Fees, interest and other Intangible assets, net and goodwill ) Goodwill Other assets (1) Total assets ) Liabilities: Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Payables, expense accruals and other liabilities ) Payables - Brokers, dealers and clearing organizations ) Payables - Customers Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities ) 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million historically presented within Receivables have been reclassified to Other assets on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020 as originally reported and as revised and presented within these consolidated financial statements as a result of the reclassifications. 
 Year Ended November 30, 2021 Year Ended November 30, 2020 As Originally Reported Increases/Decreases due to reclassifications As Revised As Originally Reported Increases/Decreases due to reclassifications As Revised Principal transactions ) Asset management fees and revenues Interest Other ) ) Total revenues ) ) Interest expense Net revenues ) ) Compensation and benefits Interest expense ) ) Selling, general and other expenses ) ) Underwriting costs Technology and communications Occupancy and equipment rental Business development Professional services Other expenses Total expenses ) ) Income (loss) related to associated companies ) ) 
 Conforming changes consistent with these reclassifications have been made to our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and to Note 4, Fair Value Disclosures, Note 5, Derivative Financial Instruments, Note 9, Investments, Note 10, Credit Losses on Financial Instruments Measured at Amortized Cost and Note 24, Segment Reporting within our consolidated financial statements for the years ended November 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Note 2. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

81 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 82 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 83 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

See Note 9, Investments, and Note 25, Related Party Transactions, for additional information regarding certain of these investments. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Refer to Note 11, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, for further information. 
 Premises and Equipment 
 Premises and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets (generally three to ). Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the term of the related leases or the estimated useful lives of the assets, whichever is shorter. Premises and equipment includes internally developed software. The carrying values of internally developed software ready for its intended use are depreciated over the remaining useful life. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, furniture, fixtures and equipment amounted to million and million, respectively, and leasehold improvements amounted to million and million, respectively. Accumulated depreciation and amortization was million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense amounted to million, million and million for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

During the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, capitalized interest of million, million and million, respectively was allocated among real estate projects that are currently under development. 

85 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

86 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 - . The impact of valuation adjustments related to our own credit spreads and counterparty credit spreads are included in the assessment of effectiveness. 
 For qualifying fair value hedges of benchmark interest rates, the change in the fair value of the derivative and the change in fair value of the long-term debt provide offset of one another and, together with any resulting ineffectiveness, are recorded in Interest expense. 
 We seek to reduce the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on our net investments in certain non-U.S. operations through the use of foreign exchange contracts. The foreign exchange contracts are included as derivative contracts in Financial instruments owned and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. For foreign exchange contracts designated as hedges, the effectiveness of the hedge is assessed based on the overall changes in the fair value of the forward contracts i.e. , based on changes in forward rates). For qualifying net investment hedges, all gains or losses on the hedging instruments are included in Currency translation adjustments and other in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 Refer to Note 5, Derivative Financial Instruments, for further information. 

Note 3. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million with a corresponding decrease in retained earnings of million, net of tax. The increase is primarily attributable to a million increase in the allowance for credit losses in our automobile loans receivables portfolio. We estimate expected credit losses on the portfolio using an analysis of historical portfolio performance data as well as external economic factors that we consider to be relevant to the credit losses expected in the portfolio. This was offset by decreases attributable to applying a revised provisioning methodology based on historical loss experience for our investment banking fee receivables. The impact upon adoption for our secured financing receivables (reverse repurchases agreements, securities borrowing arrangements, and margin loans) was immaterial because of the contractual collateral maintenance provisions that require that the counterparty continually adjust the amount of collateralization securing the credit exposure on these contracts. For the remaining financial instruments within the guidance's scope, the expected credit losses were also determined to be immaterial considering the counterparty's credit quality, an insignificant history of credit losses, or the short-term nature of the credit exposures. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 4. 
 billion and billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, by level within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Counterparty and Cash Collateral Netting (1) Total Assets: 
 Financial instruments owned: 
 Corporate equity securities Corporate debt securities Collateralized debt obligations and collateralized loan obligations U.S. government and federal agency securities Municipal securities Sovereign obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities Loans and other receivables Derivatives ) Investments at fair value Total financial instruments owned, excluding Investments at fair value based on NAV ) Securities received as collateral 
 Liabilities: 
 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased: 
 Corporate equity securities Corporate debt securities U.S. government and federal agency securities Sovereign obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Loans Derivatives ) Total financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Other secured financings Obligation to return securities received as collateral 
 Long-term debt 
 
 (1) Represents counterparty and cash collateral netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy for positions with the same counterparty. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Corporate debt securities Collateralized debt obligations and collateralized loan obligations U.S. government and federal agency securities Municipal securities Sovereign obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Other asset-backed securities Loans and other receivables Derivatives ) Investments at fair value Total financial instruments owned, excluding Investments at fair value based on NAV ) Securities received as collateral 
 Liabilities: 
 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased: 
 Corporate equity securities Corporate debt securities U.S. government and federal agency securities Sovereign obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Loans Derivatives ) Total financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Other secured financings Obligation to return securities received as collateral 
 Long-term debt 
 
 (1) Represents counterparty and cash collateral netting across the levels of the fair value hierarchy for positions with the same counterparty. 
 The following is a description of the valuation basis, including valuation techniques and inputs, used in measuring our financial assets and liabilities that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis: 
 Corporate Equity Securities 
 Exchange-Traded Equity Securities: Exchange-traded equity securities are measured based on quoted closing exchange prices, which are generally obtained from external pricing services, and are categorized within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, otherwise they are categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. To the extent these securities are actively traded, valuation adjustments are not applied. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 91 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 92 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 93 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Equity Funds (3) 
 Commodity Fund (4) 
 Multi-asset Funds (5) 
 Other Funds (6) 
 Total 
 November 30, 2021 Fair Value (1) Unfunded Commitments Equity Long/Short Hedge Funds (2) 
 Equity Funds (3) 
 Commodity Fund (4) 
 Multi-asset Funds (5) 
 Other Funds (6) 
 Total 
 (1) Where fair value is calculated based on NAV, fair value has been derived from each of the funds capital statements. 
 (2) This category includes investments in hedge funds that invest, long and short, primarily in both public and private equity securities in domestic and international markets. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, became redeemable quarterly with days written notice on December 31, 2021. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of the fair value of investments cannot be redeemed because these investments include restrictions that do not allow for redemption before November 30, 2023. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of the investments are redeemable quarterly with days prior written notice. At November 30, 2022, the remaining balance cannot be redeemed because these investments include restrictions that do not allow for redemption before August 31, 2025. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 . 
 (4) This category includes investments in a hedge fund that invests, long and short, primarily in commodities. Investments in this category are redeemable quarterly with days prior written notice. 
 (5) This category includes investments in hedge funds that invest, long and short, primarily in multi-asset securities in domestic and international markets in both the public and private sectors. At both November 30, 2022 and 2021, investments representing approximately of the fair value of investments in this category are redeemable monthly with days prior written notice. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of the fair value of investments in this category are redeemable quarterly with days prior written notice. 
 to days and short-term credit instruments. This category also includes investments in a fund that invests in distressed and special situations long and short credit strategies across sectors and asset types. Investments in this category are redeemable quarterly with days prior written notice. 
 Other Secured Financings 
 Other secured financings that are accounted for at fair value are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair value is based on estimates of future cash flows incorporating assumptions regarding recovery rates. 
 Securities Received as Collateral / Obligations to Return Securities Received as Collateral 
 In connection with securities-for-securities transactions in which we are the lender of securities and are permitted to sell or repledge the securities received as collateral, we report the fair value of the collateral received and the related obligation to return the collateral. Valuation is based on the price of the underlying security and is categorized within the corresponding leveling guidance above. These financial instruments are typically categorized within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Long-term Debt 
 Long-term debt includes variable rate, fixed-to-floating rate, equity-linked notes, constant maturity swap, digital and Bermudan structured notes. These are valued using various valuation models that incorporate our own credit spread, market price quotations from external pricing sources referencing the appropriate interest rate curves, volatilities and other inputs as well as prices for transactions in a given note during the period. Long-term debt notes are generally categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy where market trades have been observed during the period or model pricing is available, otherwise the notes are categorized within Level 3. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) CDOs and CLOs ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) ) Other ABS ) ) ) ) ) Loans and other receivables ) ) ) ) Investments at fair value ) ) ) Liabilities: Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased: Corporate equity securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) CMBS Loans ) ) ) Net derivatives (2) ) ) Other secured financings ) ) Long-term debt ) ) ) 
 (1) Realized and unrealized gains/losses are primarily reported in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Changes in instrument-specific credit risk related to structured notes within long-term debt are included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, net of tax. 
 (2) Net derivatives represent Financial instruments owned Derivatives and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased Derivatives. 
 Analysis of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities for the Year Ended November 30, 2022 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, transfers of assets of million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Loans and other receivables of million, corporate debt securities of million, other ABS of million, corporate equity securities of million and CDOs and CLOs of million due to reduced pricing transparency. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, transfers of assets of million from Level 3 to Level 2 are primarily attributed to: 
 Other ABS of million, investment at fair value of million, loans and other receivables of million and corporate equity securities of million due to greater pricing transparency. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, transfers of liabilities of million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Net derivatives of million and structured notes within long-term debt of million due to reduced pricing and market transparency. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022, transfers of liabilities of million from Level 3 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Structured notes within long-term debt of million, net derivatives of million and corporate equity securities of million due to greater pricing and market transparency. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and net gains on Level 3 liabilities were million for the year ended November 30, 2022. Net gains on Level 3 assets were primarily due to increased market values in investments at fair value and CDOs and CLOs, partially offset by decreases in RMBS and Other ABS. Net gains on Level 3 liabilities were primarily due to decreased market valuations of certain structured notes within long-term debt and certain derivatives. 
 ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) CDOs and CLOs ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) ) ) Other ABS ) ) ) Loans and other receivables ) ) ) Investments at fair value ) ) ) Liabilities: Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased: Corporate equity securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) CMBS ) Loans ) ) ) Net derivatives (2) ) ) ) Other secured financings ) Long-term debt ) ) 
 (1) Realized and unrealized gains/losses are primarily reported in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Changes in instrument-specific credit risk related to structured notes within long-term debt are included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, net of tax. 
 (2) Net derivatives represent Financial instruments owned Derivatives and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased Derivatives. 
 Analysis of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities for the Year Ended November 30, 2021 
 During the year ended November 30, 2021, transfers of assets of million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Other ABS of million, CDOs and CLOs of million and corporate debt securities of million due to reduced pricing transparency. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2021, transfers of assets of million from Level 3 to Level 2 are primarily attributed to: 
 Investments at fair value of million, RMBS of million, corporate debt securities of million and corporate equity securities of million due to greater pricing transparency supporting classification into Level 2. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2021, transfers of liabilities of million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Structured notes within long-term debt of million and net derivatives of million due to reduced market and pricing transparency. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million from Level 3 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Net derivatives of million due to greater pricing transparency. 
 Net gains on Level 3 assets were million and net gains on Level 3 liabilities were million for the year ended November 30, 2021. Net gains on Level 3 assets were primarily due to increased market values in investments at fair value, corporate equity securities and CDOs and CLOs. Net gains on Level 3 liabilities were primarily due to decreased market valuations of certain structured notes within long-term debt, partially offset by decreased values of certain derivatives and loans. 
 ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) CDOs and CLOs ) ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) ) ) Other ABS ) ) ) ) Loans and other receivables ) ) ) ) Investments, at fair value ) ) ) ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Liabilities: Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased: Corporate equity securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) CMBS ) Loans ) ) Net derivatives (2) ) ) ) ) ) Other secured financings ) Long-term debt ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Realized and unrealized gains/losses are primarily reported in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Changes in instrument-specific credit risk related to structured notes within long-term debt are included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, net of tax. 
 (2) Net derivatives represent Financial instruments owned Derivatives and Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased Derivatives. 
 Analysis of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities for the Year Ended November 30, 2020 
 During the year ended November 30, 2020, transfers of assets of million from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are primarily attributed to: 
 Loans and other receivables of million, corporate equity securities of million, other ABS of million and corporate debt securities of million due to reduced price transparency. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2020, transfers of assets of million from Level 3 to Level 2 are primarily attributed to: 
 Other ABS of million, Loans and other receivables of million, corporate equity securities of million and corporate debt securities million due to greater pricing transparency supporting classification into Level 2. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million from Level 2 to Level 3 are primarily attributed to: 
 Loans of million due to reduced pricing transparency. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2020, transfers of liabilities of million from Level 3 to Level 2 are primarily attributed to: 
 Structured notes within long-term debt of million and net derivatives of million due to greater market and pricing transparency. 
 Net losses on Level 3 assets were million and net losses on Level 3 liabilities were million for the year ended November 30, 2020. Net losses on Level 3 assets were primarily due to decreased market values in investments at fair value, loans and other receivables and other ABS. Net losses on Level 3 liabilities were primarily due to increased market valuations of certain structured notes within long-term debt and loans, partially offset by decreased values of other secured financings. 
 Quantitative Information about Significant Unobservable Inputs used in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Non-exchange-traded securities Market approach Price - Corporate debt securities Market approach Price - EBITDA multiple Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage CDOs and CLOs Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate Constant default rate - Loss severity - Discount rate/yield - Market approach Price - Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage CMBS Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage Other ABS Discounted cash flows Discount rate/yield - Cumulative loss rate - Duration (years) - Loans and other receivables Market approach Price - Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage - Investments at fair value Private equity securities Market approach Price - Discount rate/yield Revenue Financial Instruments Sold, Not Yet Purchased: Derivatives Equity options Volatility benchmarking Volatility - Other secured financings Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage - Long-term debt Structured notes Market approach Price - Price - 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Non-exchange-traded securities Market approach Price - Price - Volatility - Volatility benchmarking Volatility - Corporate debt securities Market approach Price - CDOs and CLOs Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate Constant default rate Loss severity - Discount rate/yield - Market approach Price - CMBS Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage Other ABS Discounted cash flows Constant prepayment rate - Constant default rate Loss severity - Discount rate/yield - Cumulative loss rate - Duration (years) - Market approach Price - Loans and other receivables Market approach Price - Discounted cash flows Duration (years) - Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage - Derivatives Equity options Volatility benchmarking Volatility Interest rate swaps Market approach Basis points upfront - Total return swaps Price Investments at fair value Private equity securities Market approach Price - EBITDA multiple Revenue multiple - Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage Discount rate/yield - Revenue growth Financial Instruments Sold, Not Yet Purchased: Corporate equity securities Non-exchange-traded securities Market approach Price Loans Market approach Price - Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage Derivatives Equity options Volatility benchmarking Volatility - Interest rate swaps Market approach Basis points upfront - Total return swaps Price Other secured financings Scenario analysis Estimated recovery percentage - Long-term debt Structured notes Market approach Price - Price - 
 The fair values of certain Level 3 assets and liabilities that were determined based on third-party pricing information, unadjusted past transaction prices or a percentage of the reported enterprise fair value are excluded from the above tables. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, asset exclusions consisted of million and million, respectively, primarily composed of corporate equity securities, RMBS, other ABS, loans and other receivables, certain derivatives and investments at fair value. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, liability exclusions consisted of million and million, respectively, primarily composed of corporate equity securities, corporate debt securities, CMBS, loans and certain derivatives, . 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 102 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED ) Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased: Loans Loan commitments Short-term borrowings: Other changes in fair value (2) ) Other secured financings: Other changes in fair value (2) Long-term debt: Changes in fair value of instrument specific credit risk (1) ) Other changes in fair value (2) ) 
 (1) Changes in fair value of instrument specific credit risk related to structured notes are included in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, net of tax. 
 (2) Other changes in fair value are included in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 The following is a summary of the amounts by which contractual principal is greater than (less than) fair value for loans and other receivables, short-term borrowings, Other secured financings and Long-term debt measured at fair value under the fair value option (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Financial instruments owned: 
 Loans and other receivables (1) Loans and other receivables on nonaccrual status and/or 90 days or greater past due (1) (2) Long-term debt and short-term borrowings 
 ) Other secured financings 
 (1) Interest income is recognized separately from other changes in fair value and is included in Interest revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 (2) Amounts include loans and other receivables 90 days or greater past due by which contractual principal exceeds fair value of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The aggregate fair value of loans and other receivables on nonaccrual status and/or 90 days or greater past due was million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which includes loans and other receivables 90 days or greater past due of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Investments in and loans to related parties (2) Other assets (3) 
 November 30, 2021 Level 2 Level 3 Impairment Losses Exchange ownership interests and registrations (1) 
 November 30, 2020 Level 2 Level 3 Impairment Losses Exchange ownership interests and registrations (1) Intangible assets (4) Investments in and loans to related parties (5) Other assets (6) 
 (1) These impairment losses, which represent ownership interests in market exchanges on which trading business is conducted, and registrations, were recognized in Other expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the assets were in the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment. The fair value is based on observed quoted sales prices for each individual membership. (See Note 11, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.) 
 (2) These impairment losses, which are related to certain equity method investments, were recognized in Other revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the assets were in the Asset Management reportable business segment. The fair values were based on estimated future cash flows using discount rates ranging from to . (See Note 9, Investments.) 
 (3) These impairment losses, which relate to a real estate property, were recognized in Other expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the assets were in the Asset Management reportable business segment. The fair values were based on estimated future cash flows discounted at . 
 (4) These impairment losses were recognized in Other expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the assets were in the Asset Management reportable business segment. (See Note 11, Goodwill and Intangible Assets.) 
 (5) These impairment losses, which are related to a real estate equity method investment, were recognized in Other revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the assets were in the Asset Management reportable business segment. The fair value was based on a third party appraisal which incorporates Level 3 inputs of comparable property prices. (See Note 9, Investments.) 
 . 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and million, respectively, which are presented within Other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. There were impairments on these investments during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. An impairment was recognized on these investments of million during the year ended November 30, 2020. Realized gains of million, million and million were recognized on these investments during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were unrealized gains or losses recognized on these investments during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020. These investments would generally be presented within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 5. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Foreign exchange contracts: Bilateral OTC Total derivatives designated as accounting hedges Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges: Interest rate contracts: Exchange-traded Cleared OTC Bilateral OTC Foreign exchange contracts: Exchange-traded Bilateral OTC Equity contracts: Exchange-traded Bilateral OTC Commodity contracts: Exchange-traded Bilateral OTC Credit contracts: Cleared OTC Bilateral OTC Total derivatives not designated as accounting hedges Total gross derivative assets/ liabilities: Exchange-traded Cleared OTC Bilateral OTC Amounts offset in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (3): Exchange-traded ) ) Cleared OTC ) ) Bilateral OTC ) ) Net amounts per Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (4) 
 (1) Exchange-traded derivatives include derivatives executed on an organized exchange. Cleared OTC derivatives include derivatives executed bilaterally and subsequently novated to and cleared through central clearing counterparties. Bilateral OTC derivatives include derivatives executed and settled bilaterally without the use of an organized exchange or central clearing counterparty. 
 (2) Number of exchange-traded contracts may include open futures contracts. The unsettled fair value of these futures contracts is included in Receivables from/Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 (3) Amounts netted include both netting by counterparty and for cash collateral paid or received. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Foreign exchange contracts: Bilateral OTC Total derivatives designated as accounting hedges Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges: Interest rate contracts: Exchange-traded Cleared OTC Bilateral OTC Foreign exchange contracts: Bilateral OTC Equity contracts: Exchange-traded Bilateral OTC Commodity contracts: Exchange-traded Bilateral OTC (3) Credit contracts: Cleared OTC Bilateral OTC Total derivatives not designated as accounting hedges Total gross derivative assets/liabilities: Exchange-traded Cleared OTC Bilateral OTC Amounts offset in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (4): Exchange-traded ) ) Cleared OTC ) ) Bilateral OTC ) ) Net amounts per Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (5) 
 (1) Exchange-traded derivatives include derivatives executed on an organized exchange. Cleared OTC derivatives include derivatives executed bilaterally and subsequently novated to and cleared through central clearing counterparties. Bilateral OTC derivatives include derivatives executed and settled bilaterally without the use of an organized exchange or central clearing counterparty. 
 (2) Number of exchange-traded contracts may include open futures contracts. The unsettled fair value of these futures contracts is included in Receivables from/Payables to brokers, dealers and clearing organizations in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 asset contracts and liability contracts. 
 (4) Amounts netted include both netting by counterparty and for cash collateral paid or received. 
 (5) We have not received or pledged additional collateral under master netting agreements and/or other credit support agreements that is eligible to be offset beyond what has been offset in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.) ) Long-term debt ) Total 
 The following table provides information related to gains (losses) on our net investment hedges recognized in Currency translation and other adjustments, a component of Other comprehensive income (loss), in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (in thousands): 
 Year Ended November 30, Gains (Losses) 2022 2021 2020 Foreign exchange contracts ) Total ) 
 The following table presents unrealized and realized gains (losses) on derivative contracts recognized primarily in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings, which are utilized in connection with our client activities and our economic risk management activities (in thousands): 
 Year Ended November 30, Gains (Losses) 2022 2021 2020 Interest rate contracts 
 ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts 
 ) ) Equity contracts 
 ) ) Commodity contracts 
 ) ) Credit contracts 
 Total ) ) 
 The net gains (losses) on derivative contracts in the table above are one of a number of activities comprising our business activities and are before consideration of economic hedging transactions, which generally offset the net gains (losses) included above. We substantially mitigate our exposure to market risk on our cash instruments through derivative contracts, which generally provide offsetting revenues, and we manage the risk associated with these contracts in the context of our overall risk management framework. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

) Equity options and forwards ) Credit default swaps ) Total return swaps ) Foreign currency forwards, swaps and options ) Fixed income forwards Interest rate swaps, options and forwards ) Total ) Cross-product counterparty netting ) Total OTC derivative assets included in Financial instruments owned 
 (1) At November 30, 2022, we held net exchange-traded derivative assets and other credit agreements with a fair value of million, which are not included in this table. 
 (2) OTC derivative assets in the table above are gross of collateral received. OTC derivative assets are recorded net of collateral received in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At November 30, 2022, cash collateral received was million. 
 (3) Derivative fair values include counterparty netting within product category. 
 (4) Amounts represent the netting of receivable balances with payable balances for the same counterparty within product category across maturity categories. 
 OTC Derivative Liabilities (1) (2) (3) 0 12 Months 1 5 Years Greater Than 5 Years Cross-Maturity Netting (4) Total Commodity swaps, options and forwards ) Equity options and forwards ) Credit default swaps ) Total return swaps ) Foreign currency forwards, swaps and options ) Fixed income forwards Interest rate swaps, options and forwards ) Total ) Cross-product counterparty netting ) Total OTC derivative liabilities included in Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased 
 (1) At November 30, 2022, we held net exchange-traded derivative liabilities and other credit agreements with a fair value of million, which are not included in this table. 
 (2) OTC derivative liabilities in the table above are gross of collateral pledged. OTC derivative liabilities are recorded net of collateral pledged in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At November 30, 2022, cash collateral pledged was million. 
 (3) Derivative fair values include counterparty netting within product category. 
 (4) Amounts represent the netting of receivable balances with payable balances for the same counterparty within product category across maturity categories. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 BBB- to BBB+ BB+ or lower Unrated Total 
 (1) We utilize internal credit ratings determined by our Risk Management department. Credit ratings determined by Risk Management use methodologies that produce ratings generally consistent with those produced by external rating agencies. 
 Credit Related Derivative Contracts 
 Single name credit default swaps 
 
 November 30, 2021 External Credit Rating Investment Grade Non-investment Grade Unrated Total Notional Credit protection sold: Index credit default swaps Single name credit default swaps 
 Contingent Features 
 Certain of our derivative instruments contain provisions that require our debt to maintain an investment grade credit rating from each of the major credit rating agencies. If our debt were to fall below investment grade, it would be in violation of these provisions and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing full overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Collateral posted ) ) Collateral received Return of and additional collateral required in the event of a credit rating downgrade below investment grade (1) 
 
 (1) These potential outflows include initial margin received from counterparties at the execution of the derivative contract. The initial margin will be returned if counterparties elect to terminate the contract after a downgrade. 

Note 6. 
 Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities U.S. government and federal agency securities Municipal securities Sovereign obligations Loans and other receivables Total 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities U.S. government and federal agency securities Municipal securities Sovereign obligations Loans and other receivables Total 
 The following tables set forth the carrying value of securities lending arrangements, repurchase agreements and obligation to return securities received as collateral, at fair value, by remaining contractual maturity (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 Overnight and Continuous Up to 30 Days 31-90 Days Greater than 90 Days Total Securities lending arrangements Repurchase agreements Obligation to return securities received as collateral, at fair value Total 
 November 30, 2021 Overnight and Continuous Up to 30 Days 31-90 Days Greater than 90 Days Total Securities lending arrangements Repurchase agreements Obligation to return securities received as collateral, at fair value Total 
 We receive securities as collateral under resale agreements, securities borrowing transactions, customer margin loans, as initial margin on certain derivative transactions and in connection with securities-for-securities transactions in which we are the lender of securities. In many instances, we are permitted by contract to rehypothecate the securities received as collateral. These securities may be used to secure repurchase agreements, enter into securities lending transactions, satisfy margin requirements on derivative transactions or cover short positions. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, the approximate fair value of securities received as collateral by us that may be sold or repledged was billion and billion, respectively. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, a substantial portion of the securities received by us had been sold or repledged. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 ) ) Reverse repurchase agreements ) ) ) Securities received as collateral, at fair value ) Liabilities Securities lending arrangements ) ) Repurchase agreements ) ) ) Obligation to return securities received as collateral, at fair value ) 
 November 30, 2021 Gross Amounts Netting in Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Net Amounts in Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition Additional Amounts Available for Setoff (1) Available Collateral (2) Net Amount (4) Assets Securities borrowing arrangements ) ) Reverse repurchase agreements ) ) ) Securities received as collateral, at fair value ) Liabilities Securities lending arrangements ) ) Repurchase agreements (5) ) ) ) Obligation to return securities received as collateral, at fair value ) 
 (1) Under master netting agreements with our counterparties, we have the legal right of offset with a counterparty, which incorporates all of the counterparty s outstanding rights and obligations under the arrangement. These balances reflect additional credit risk mitigation that is available by a counterparty in the event of a counterparty s default, but which are not netted in our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition because other netting provisions of U.S. GAAP are not met. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 billion of securities borrowing arrangements, for which we have received securities collateral of billion, and million of repurchase agreements, for which we have pledged securities collateral of million, which are subject to master netting agreements, but we have not determined the agreements to be legally enforceable. 
 (4) Amounts include billion of securities borrowing arrangements, for which we have received securities collateral of billion, and million of repurchase agreements, for which we have pledged securities collateral of million, which are subject to master netting agreements, but we have not determined the agreements to be legally enforceable. 
 (5) There was an immaterial correction in the amount of available collateral, which resulted in a million decrease in the available collateral and a million increase in the net amount related to repurchase agreements at November 30, 2021. 
 Cash and Securities Segregated and on Deposit for Regulatory Purposes or Deposited with Clearing and Depository Organizations 
 Cash and securities segregated in accordance with regulatory regulations and deposited with clearing and depository organizations totaled billion and billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Segregated cash and securities consist of deposits in accordance with Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which subjects Jefferies LLC as a broker-dealer carrying customer accounts to requirements related to maintaining cash or qualified securities in segregated special reserve bank accounts for the exclusive benefit of its customers. 

Note 7. 
 Proceeds on new securitizations Cash flows received on retained interests 
 We have no explicit or implicit arrangements to provide additional financial support to these SPEs, have no liabilities related to these SPEs and do not have any outstanding derivative contracts executed in connection with these securitization activities at November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 U.S. government agency CMBS 
 CLOs 
 Consumer and other loans 
 
 Total assets represent the unpaid principal amount of assets in the SPEs in which we have continuing involvement and are presented solely to provide information regarding the size of the transactions and the size of the underlying assets supporting our retained interests, and are not considered representative of the risk of potential loss. Assets retained in connection with a securitization transaction represent the fair value of the securities of one or more tranches issued by an SPE, including senior and subordinated tranches. Our risk of loss is limited to this fair value amount which is included in total Financial instruments owned in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 Although not obligated, in connection with secondary market-making activities we may make a market in the securities issued by these SPEs. In these market-making transactions, we buy these securities from and sell these securities to investors. Securities purchased through these market-making activities are not considered to be continuing involvement in these SPEs. To the extent we purchased securities through these market-making activities and we are not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, these securities are included in agency and non-agency mortgage-backed and asset-backed securitizations in the nonconsolidated VIEs section presented in Note 8, Variable Interest Entities. 

Note 8. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Financial instruments owned Securities purchased under agreements to resell (1) Receivables from brokers (2) Other receivables Other assets (3) Total assets Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased Other secured financings (4) Payables to broker dealers Other liabilities (5) Long-term debt Total liabilities 
 (1) Securities purchased under agreements to resell primarily represent amounts due under collateralized transactions on related consolidated entities, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (2) Approximately million of receivables from brokers at November 30, 2021 are with related consolidated entities, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (3) Approximately million and million of the other assets at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represent intercompany receivables with related consolidated entities, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (4) Approximately million and million of the other secured financings at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are with related consolidated entities and are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (5) Approximately million and million of the other liabilities amounts at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are with related consolidated entities, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Asset-backed vehicles Related party private equity vehicles Other investment vehicles FXCM Total 
 November 30, 2021 Carrying Amount Maximum Exposure to Loss VIE Assets Assets Liabilities CLOs Asset-backed vehicles Related party private equity vehicles Other investment vehicles FXCM Total 
 Our maximum exposure to loss often differs from the carrying value of the variable interests. The maximum exposure to loss is dependent on the nature of our variable interests in the VIEs and is limited to the notional amounts of certain loan and equity commitments and guarantees. Our maximum exposure to loss does not include the offsetting benefit of any financial instruments that may be utilized to hedge the risks associated with our variable interests and is not reduced by the amount of collateral held as part of a transaction with a VIE. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million, of which million and million had been funded, respectively. The carrying value of our equity investments in the JCP Entities was million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our exposure to loss is limited to the total of our carrying value and unfunded equity commitment. The assets of the JCP Entities primarily consist of private equity and equity related investments. 
 Other Investment Vehicles. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had equity commitments to invest billion and billion, respectively, in various other investment vehicles, of which billion and million was funded, respectively. The carrying value of our equity investments was billion and billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our exposure to loss is limited to the total of our carrying value and unfunded equity commitment. These investment vehicles have assets primarily consisting of private and public equity investments, debt instruments, trade and insurance claims and various oil and gas assets. 
 FXCM. We have equity interests in FXCM of million consisting of a voting interest in FXCM and rights to a majority of all distributions in respect of the equity of FXCM, which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and reported within Investments in and loans to related parties in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. We also have a senior secured term loan to FXCM due May 6, 2023, which is accounted for at a fair value of million and million, at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is reported within Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The assets of FXCM consist primarily of brokerage receivables and other financial instruments and operating assets as part of FXCM s foreign exchange trading business. 
 Mortgage-Backed and Other Asset-Backed Secured Funding Vehicles. In connection with our secondary trading and market making activities, we buy and sell agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities and other asset-backed securities, which are issued by third-party securitization SPEs and are generally considered variable interests in VIEs. Securities issued by securitization SPEs are backed by residential mortgage loans, U.S. agency collateralized mortgage obligations, commercial mortgage loans, CDOs and CLOs and other consumer loans, such as installment receivables, automobile loans and student loans. These securities are accounted for at fair value and included in Financial instruments owned in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. We have no other involvement with the related SPEs and therefore do not consolidate these entities. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 billion and billion of agency mortgage-backed securities, respectively, and million and million of non-agency mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, respectively, as a result of our secondary trading and market-making activities, and underwriting, placement and structuring activities. Our maximum exposure to loss on these securities is limited to the carrying value of our investments in these securities. These mortgage-backed and other asset-backed secured funding vehicles discussed are not included in the above table containing information about our variable interests in nonconsolidated VIEs. 

Note 9. 

Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Total equity method pickup income recognized in Other revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings ) ) 
 The following presents summarized financial information about our significant equity method investees. For certain investees, we receive financial information at a lag and the summarized information provided for these investees is based on the latest financial information available as of November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Jefferies Finance 
 Jefferies Finance, our /50 joint venture entity pursuant to an agreement with Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company MassMutual ), is a commercial finance company that structures, underwrites and syndicates primarily senior secured loans to corporate borrowers; and manages proprietary and third-party investments for both broadly syndicated and direct lending loans. Jefferies Finance conducts its operations primarily through business lines, Leveraged Finance Arrangement and Asset Management. Loans are originated primarily through our investment banking efforts and Jefferies Finance typically syndicates to third-party investors substantially all of its arranged volume through us. Jefferies Finance may also underwrite and arrange other debt products such as second lien term, bridge and mezzanine loans, as well as related equity co-investments. The Asset Management business, collectively referred to as Jefferies Credit Partners, LLC, (formerly known as JFIN Asset Management LLC) manages a broad portfolio of assets under management composed of portions of loans it has arranged, as well as loan positions that it has purchased in the primary and secondary markets. Jefferies Credit Partners composed of three registered Investment Advisors: Jefferies Finance, Apex Credit Partners LLC and Jefferies Credit Partners LLC, which serve as a private credit platform managing proprietary and third-party capital across commingled funds, separately managed accounts and CLOs. 
 At November 30, 2022, we and MassMutual each had equity commitments to Jefferies Finance of million, for a combined total commitment of billion. The equity commitment is reduced quarterly based on our share of any undistributed earnings from Jefferies Finance and the commitment is increased only to the extent the share of such earnings are distributed. At November 30, 2022, our remaining commitment to Jefferies Finance was million. The investment commitment is scheduled to expire on March 1, 2023 with automatic extensions absent a days termination notice by either party. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million at November 30, 2022. Advances are shared equally between us and MassMutual. The facility is scheduled to mature on March 1, 2023 with automatic extensions absent a days termination notice by either party. At November 30, 2022, we had funded of our million commitment. 
 Unfunded commitment fees 
 The following is a summary of selected financial information for Jefferies Finance (in millions): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Total assets 
 Total liabilities 
 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Our total equity balance 
 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) ) ) 
 The following summarizes activity related to our other transactions with Jefferies Finance (in millions): 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Origination and syndication fee revenues (1) Origination fee expenses (1) CLO placement fee revenues (2) Underwriting fees (3) Service fees (4) 
 (1) We engage in the origination and syndication of loans underwritten by Jefferies Finance. In connection with such services, we earned fees, which are recognized in Investment banking revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In addition, we paid fees to Jefferies Finance in respect of certain loans originated by Jefferies Finance, which are recognized as Business development expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 (2) We act as a placement agent for CLOs managed by Jefferies Finance, for which we recognized fees, which are included in Investment banking revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we held securities issued by CLOs managed by Jefferies Finance, which are included in Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
 (3) We acted as underwriter in connection with term loans issued by Jefferies Finance. 
 (4) Under a service agreement, we charge Jefferies Finance for services provided. 
 In connection with non-U.S. dollar loans originated by Jefferies Finance to borrowers who are investment banking clients of ours, we have entered into an agreement to indemnify Jefferies Finance with respect to any foreign currency exposure. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, payables to Jefferies Finance related to cash deposited with us and included in Payables to customers in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, were million and million, respectively. 
 Berkadia 
 Berkadia is a commercial mortgage banking, servicing and finance joint venture that was formed by us and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. We are entitled to receive of the profits of Berkadia. Berkadia originates commercial/multifamily real estate loans that are sold to U.S. government agencies or other investors. Berkadia also is an investment sales advisor focused on the multifamily industry. Berkadia is a servicer of commercial real estate loans in the U.S., performing primary, master and special servicing functions for U.S. government agency programs, commercial mortgage-backed securities transactions, banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions. 
 Commercial paper issued by Berkadia is supported by a billion surety policy issued by a Berkshire Hathaway insurance subsidiary and corporate guaranty, and we have agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for one-half of any losses incurred thereunder. At November 30, 2022, the aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was billion. 
 Total liabilities Total noncontrolling interest 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Our total equity balance 
 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Gross revenues Net earnings Our share of net earnings 
 We received distributions from Berkadia on our equity interest as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Distributions 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, we had commitments to purchase million and million, respectively, of agency CMBS from Berkadia. 
 OpNet 
 We own approximately of the common shares and of the voting rights of OpNet (formerly known as Linkem). In addition to common stock, we own convertible preferred stock, which is automatically convertible to common shares in 2026, and common stock warrants, which are exercisable by June 2024 and June 2027. If our convertible preferred stock and warrants were all converted or exercised, our ownership would increase to approximately of OpNet s common equity and voting rights. The convertible preferred stock is reported in Other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and had a carrying value of and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The common stock warrants are reported in Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and had a fair value of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended November 30, 2022, we reported the subordinated bonds in Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Condition with a fair value of million. Additionally, during the year ended November 30, 2022 we have made shareholder loans to OpNet with a carrying value of million at November 30, 2022. 
 In November 2022, we made a subscription advance of million, and subsequent to year end we have made additional subscription advances of million to participate in a new convertible preferred stock offering, which were partially issued in January 2023. We also received warrants for the new convertible preferred stock in January 2023, which are exercisable by December 23, 2027. 
 We, along with another significant shareholder in OpNet, have agreed to provide additional financial support, if necessary, to meet certain funding needs of OpNet until June 2023. 
 Total liabilities 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Our total equity balance 
 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) 
 FXCM 
 We have a voting interest in FXCM, a provider of online foreign exchange trading services and have the ability to significantly influence FXCM through our seats on the board of directors. We also have a senior secured term loan to FXCM, which is reported within Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and had a fair value of million and million as of November 30 2022, and 2021 respectively. We are amortizing our basis difference between the estimated fair value and the underlying book value of FXCM customer relationships, technology and trade name over their respective useful lives (weighted average life of years). FXCM is considered a VIE and our term loan and equity interest are variable interests. During the year ended November 30, 2022, we recognized an other-than-temporary impairment charge of million within Other revenues on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on our investment. 
 Total liabilities 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Our total equity balance 
 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) ) 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in Payables brokers, dealers and clearing organizations in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 Golden Queen Mining Company LLC 
 We have a ownership interest in Golden Queen Mining Company, LLC Golden Queen ), which owns and operates a gold and silver mine project located in California. We also own warrants to purchase shares with a fair value of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, which if exercised, would increase our ownership to approximately of Golden Queen s common equity. We also have a shareholder loan to Golden Queen with a carrying value of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 Total liabilities November 30, 2022 2021 Our total equity balance 
 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) 
 Real Estate Investments 
 Our real estate equity method investments primarily consist of equity interests in Brooklyn Renaissance Plaza and Hotel and 54 Madison. 
 Brooklyn Renaissance Plaza is composed of a hotel, office building complex and parking garage located in Brooklyn, New York. We have a equity interest in the hotel and a equity interest in the office building and garage. Although we have a majority interest in the office building and garage, we do not have control, but only have the ability to exercise significant influence on this investment. We are amortizing our basis difference between the estimated fair value and the underlying book value of Brooklyn Renaissance office building and garage over the respective useful lives (weighted average life of years). An impairment charge of million was recognized during the year ended November 30, 2020, which represented all of the carrying value in the Brooklyn Renaissance Plaza hotel. 
 We own approximately equity interest in 54 Madison, a fund that owns an interest in one real estate project and is in the process of being liquidated. We received cash distributions of million and million from 54 Madison during years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Total liabilities November 30, 2022 2021 Our total equity balance 
 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings (loss) ) ) 
 JCP Fund V 
 We have limited partnership interests of and in Jefferies Capital Partners V L.P. and the Jefferies SBI USA Fund L.P. (together, JCP Fund V ), respectively, which are private equity funds managed by a team led by our President. The amount of our investments in JCP Fund V included in Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition was million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We account for these investments at fair value based on the NAV of the funds provided by the fund managers (see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, herein). 
 ) 
 At both November 30, 2022 and 2021, we were committed to invest equity of up to million in JCP Fund V. At both November 30, 2022 and 2021, our unfunded commitment relating to JCP Fund V was million. 
 of JCP Fund V, in which we owned effectively of the combined equity interests (in millions): 
 September 30, 2022 (1) 2021 (1) Total assets 
 Total liabilities 
 Total partners capital 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 (1) Three Months Ended December 31, 2021 (1) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2021 (1) Three Months Ended December 31, 2020 (1) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 (1) Three Months Ended December 31, 2019 (1) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Financial information for JCP Fund V in financial position and results of operations at November 30, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is included based on the presented periods. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which consist of our shares in Monashee, an investment management company, registered investment advisor and general partner of various investment management funds and provide us with a voting rights interest and the rights to distributions of of the annual net profits of Monashee s operations if certain thresholds are met. A portion of the carrying amount of the investment in Monashee relates to contract and customer relationship and client relationship intangible assets and goodwill. The intangible assets are amortized over their useful life and the goodwill is not amortized. 
 We also have an investment management agreement whereby Monashee provides asset management services to us for certain separately managed accounts. Our net investment balance in the separately managed accounts was million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.) ) Management fees (2) 
 (1) Included in Principal transactions revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 (2) Included in Floor brokerage and clearing fees in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 At November 30, 2021 our equity method investments also consist of membership interests and limited partnership interests of approximately in the Oak Hill investment management company and registered investment adviser and the Oak Hill general partner entity, which is entitled to a carried interest from certain Oak Hill managed funds (collectively the Oak Hill interests ). On September 30, 2022, we sold the Oak Hill interests with a carrying value of million and recognized million within Other revenues in our Consolidated Statement of Earnings as a result of the sale. 
 ApiJect 
 We owned shares which represent a economic interest in ApiJect at November 30, 2022. Our investment in ApiJect is accounted for at fair value by electing the fair value option available under U.S. GAAP and is included within corporate equity securities in Financial instruments owned, at fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. At November 30, 2022, we purchased additional common shares of ApiJect and obtained a right to of ApiJect s future revenues for cash consideration of million. In addition, we converted our million term loan agreement into additional common shares. At November 30, 2022, the change in fair value of our equity investments in ApiJect was a mark-to-market gain of million and the total fair value of our equity investment in common shares of ApiJect is million, which is included within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Additionally, we owned warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at any time or from time to time on or before April 15, 2032. 
 We also have a term loan agreement with a principal of ApiJect for million, maturing on February 28, 2023. The loan is accounted for at cost plus accrued interest and is reported within Other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Interest income on the term loan of million and million was recognized in Interest revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the year ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The loan has a fair value of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, which is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Note 10. 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million and million, respectively, which are classified as either held for investment or held for sale depending on the intent and ability to hold the loans, which are collateralized by a security interest in the vehicles titles. These loans are included in Other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Loans held for investment are recorded at cost net of deferred acquisition costs and an allowance for credit losses. Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value until the loans are sold. 
 Provision for credit losses are charged to income in amounts sufficient to maintain an allowance for credit losses inherent in the automobile loans held for investment which is established systematically by management as of the reporting date. All automobile loans held for investment are collectively evaluated for impairment. Management's estimate of expected credit losses is based on an evaluation of relevant information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the future collectability of the reported amounts. We use static pool modeling techniques to determine the allowance for loan losses expected over the remaining life of the loans, which is supplemented by management judgment. Expected losses are estimated for groups of accounts aggregated by monthly vintage. 
 Generally, the expected losses are projected based on historical loss experience over the last , more heavily weighted toward recent performance when determining the allowance to result in an estimate that is more reflective of the current internal and external environments. Our estimate of expected credit losses includes a reasonable and supportable forecast period of and then reverts to an estimate based on historical losses. We review charge-off experience factors, contractual delinquency, historical collection rates, the value of underlying collateral and other information to make the necessary judgments as to credit losses expected in the portfolio as of the reporting date. While management utilizes the best information available to make its evaluations, changes in macroeconomic conditions, interest rate environments, or both, may significantly impact the assumptions and inputs used in determining the allowance for credit losses. Our charge-off policy is based on a loan by loan review of delinquent loans. We have an accounting policy to not place loans on nonaccrual status; however, the allowance for credit losses is determined including the accrued interest receivable that it does not expect to collect. 
 Adjustment for change in accounting principle for current expected credit losses Provision for doubtful accounts Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Credit scores between 620 to 679 Credit scores below 620 Total 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Credit scores between 620 to 679 Credit scores below 620 Total 
 Delinquent Accounts 30 - 59 days 60 - 89 days 90 days and over Total 
 The aging of automobile loans held for investment at November 30, 2021 is as follows: 
 Year of Origination 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Years Total Percent Current Accounts Delinquent Accounts 30 - 59 days 60 - 89 days 90 days and over Total 
 Secured Financing Receivables . In evaluating secured financing receivables (reverse repurchases agreements, securities borrowing arrangements, and margin loans), the underlying collateral maintenance provisions are taken into consideration. The underlying contractual collateral maintenance for significantly all of our secured financing receivables requires that the counterparty continually adjust the collateralization amount, securing the credit exposure on these contracts. Collateralization levels for our secured financing receivables are initially established based upon the counterparty, the type of acceptable collateral that is monitored daily and adjusted to mitigate the potential of any credit losses. Credit losses are not recognized for secured financing receivables where the underlying collateral's fair value is equal to or exceeds the asset's amortized cost basis. In cases where the collateral's fair value does not equal or exceed the amortized cost basis, the allowance for credit losses, if any, is limited to the difference between the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date and the amortized cost basis of the financial assets. During the year ended November 30, 2021, we incurred bad debt expense of million related to a specific default in our prime brokerage business. 
 Broker Receivables . Our receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations include deposits of cash with exchange clearing organizations to meet margin requirements, amounts due from clearing organizations for daily variation settlements, securities failed-to-deliver or receive, receivables and payables for fees and commissions, and receivables arising from unsettled securities or loans transactions. These receivables generally do not give rise to material credit risk and have a remote probability of default either because of their short-term nature or due to the credit protection framework inherent in the design and operations of brokers, dealers and clearing organizations. As such, generally, no allowance for credit losses is held against these receivables. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Adjustment for change in accounting principle for current expected credit losses 
 ) Bad debt expense, net of reversals Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries collected ) ) ) Ending balance (1) 
 (1) The allowance for doubtful accounts balances are substantially all related to mergers and acquisitions and restructuring fee receivables, which include recoverable expense receivables. 

Note 11. 
 Asset Management Total goodwill 
 The following table is a summary of the changes to goodwill (in thousands): 
 Year Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Balance, at beginning of period Currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Balance, at end of period 
 Goodwill Impairment Testing 
 A reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed at the level of the reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is compared with its carrying value, including goodwill and allocated intangible assets. If the fair value is in excess of the carrying value, the goodwill for the reporting unit is considered not to be impaired. If the fair value is less than the carrying value, then an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. Allocated tangible equity plus allocated goodwill and intangible assets are used for the carrying amount of each reporting unit. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 billion attributed to the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment has been assigned to each of these reporting units as of November 1, 2022, based on the relative fair value of each of the reporting units as of November 1, 2022. The relative fair value estimate of each of the reporting units as of November 1, 2022 was based on methodologies consistent with the market valuation approach used in our annual impairment test, which are consistent with valuation techniques market participants would use. In connection with the transfer of certain legacy merchant banking investments to our Asset Management segment, goodwill previously attributable to our Merchant Banking reportable segment is now included within our Asset Management reportable business segment. 
 We tested the assigned goodwill to each of the Investment Banking, Equities and Fixed Income reporting units as of November 1, 2022 for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting units to their carrying values as of November 1, 2022. The carrying values of the reporting units were determined based on, allocated tangible equity as determined by our cash capital model plus allocated goodwill and intangible assets. The amount of tangible equity allocated to a reporting unit is based on our cash capital model deployed in managing our businesses, which seeks to approximate the capital a business would require if it were operating independently. Intangible assets are allocated to a reporting unit based on either specifically identifying a particular intangible asset as pertaining to a reporting unit or, if shared among reporting units, based on an assessment of the reporting unit s benefit from the intangible asset in order to generate results. There was no indication of goodwill impairment in any of the reporting units as a result of the testing performed as of November 1, 2022 in connection with the reassessment of our reporting units. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets are included in Other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 ) Trade name ) Exchange and clearing organization membership interests and registrations 
 ) N/A Other ) Total ) ) 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 ) Trade name ) Exchange and clearing organization membership interests and registrations 
 ) N/A Other ) Total ) ) 
 We performed our annual impairment testing of intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, which consists of exchange and clearing organization membership interests and registrations, at August 1, 2022. We utilized quantitative assessments of membership interests and registrations that have available quoted sales prices as well as certain other membership interests and registrations that have declined in utilization and qualitative assessments were performed on the remainder of our indefinite-life intangible assets. In applying our quantitative assessments, we recognized impairment losses on certain exchange membership interests and registrations. With regard to our qualitative assessments of the remaining indefinite life intangible assets, based on our assessments of market conditions, the utilization of the assets and the replacement costs associated with the assets, we have concluded that it is not more likely than not that the intangible assets are impaired. 
 Amortization Expense 
 For finite life intangible assets, aggregate amortization expense amounted to million, million and million for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These expenses are included in Other expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Year ending November 30, 2024 Year ending November 30, 2025 Year ending November 30, 2026 Year ending November 30, 2027 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 12. 
 Commissions and other fees Asset management fees Manufacturing revenues Oil and gas revenues Real estate revenues Other contracts with customers Total revenue from contracts with customers Other sources of revenue: Principal transactions Revenues from strategic affiliates 
 Interest Other Total revenues 
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when, or as, we satisfy our performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services to the customers. A good or service is transferred to a customer when, or as, the customer obtains control of that good or service. A performance obligation may be satisfied over time or at a point in time. Revenue from a performance obligation satisfied over time is recognized by measuring our progress in satisfying the performance obligation in a manner that depicts the transfer of the goods or services to the customer. Revenue from a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time is recognized at the point in time that we determine the customer obtains control over the promised good or service. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those promised goods or services i.e. , the transaction price ). In determining the transaction price, we consider multiple factors, including the effects of variable consideration. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainties with respect to the amount are resolved. In determining when to include variable consideration in the transaction price, we consider the range of possible outcomes, the predictive value of our past experiences, the time period of when uncertainties expect to be resolved and the amount of consideration that is susceptible to factors outside of our influence, such as market volatility or the judgment and actions of third-parties. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 132 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Investment banking - Underwriting 
 Equities (1) Fixed income (1) Asset management Merchant banking Total Primary geographic region: Americas Europe and the Middle East Asia Total 
 (1) Revenues from contracts with customers associated with the equities and fixed income businesses primarily represent commissions and other fee revenue. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million, million and million, respectively, of revenue related to performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods, mainly due to resolving uncertainties in variable consideration that was constrained in prior periods. In addition, we recognized million, million and million of revenues primarily associated with distribution services during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a portion of which relates to prior periods. 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of our revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by our customers. We record a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to payment and we have an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment precedes the provision of the related services, we record deferred revenue until the performance obligations are satisfied. 
 Our deferred revenue primarily relates to retainer and milestone fees received in investment banking advisory engagements where the performance obligation has not yet been satisfied. Deferred revenue at November 30, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, which are recorded in Accrued expenses and other liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. During the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized revenue of million, million and million, respectively, that were recorded as deferred revenue at the beginning of the year. We had receivables related to revenues from contracts with customers of million and million at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contract Costs 
 We capitalize costs to fulfill contracts associated with investment banking advisory engagements where the revenue is recognized at a point in time and the costs are determined to be recoverable. Capitalized costs to fulfill a contract are recognized at the point in time that the related revenue is recognized. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, capitalized costs to fulfill a contract were million and million, respectively, which are recorded in Receivables Fees, interest and other in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. For the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized expenses of million, million and million, respectively, related to costs to fulfill a contract that were capitalized as of the beginning of the year. There were no significant impairment charges recognized in relation to these capitalized costs during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Note 13. 
 shares remain available for new grants under the ECP. 
 Restricted stock awards are grants of our common shares that require service as a condition of vesting. RSUs give a participant the right to receive shares if service or performance conditions are met, and which may specify an additional deferral period allowing a participant to hold an interest tied to common stock on a tax deferred basis. Prior to settlement, RSUs carry no voting or dividend rights associated with the stock ownership, but dividend equivalents are accrued to the extent there are dividends declared on the underlying common shares as cash amounts or as deemed reinvestments in additional RSUs. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million per year under the 2020 Plan with a target of million in long-term equity in the form of RSUs and a target of million in cash for both plan years. To receive targeted long-term equity, our senior executives had to achieve growth on a multi-year compounded basis in Jefferies total shareholder return ("TSR") and to receive targeted cash, our senior executives had to achieve growth in annual Jefferies' Return on Tangible Deployable Equity ("ROTDE"). If TSR and ROTDE were less than , our senior executives would receive no incentive compensation. If TSR growth rates were greater than , our senior executives were eligible to receive up to additional incentive compensation relative to our peer companies. If ROTDE growth rates were greater than , our senior executives were eligible to receive up to additional incentive compensation on an interpolated basis, up to growth rates. 
 In December 2020, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors granted our senior executives nonqualified stock options and stock appreciation rights ("SARs"). The total initial fair value of the stock options and SARs were recorded as expense at the time of the grant, as both awards have no future service requirements. The SARs initially provided for settlement in cash but, at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee, the awards could be converted irrevocably to a stock-settled award. Accordingly, the SARs were initially determined to be liability-classified share-based awards. In March 2021, the Compensation Committee exercised its discretion and converted the SARs to stock-settled awards, and at which time they became equity-classified share-based awards. As a result, a total of stock options, with an exercise price of , were issued to each of our senior executives. The SARs included excess dividend rights, which provide for crediting to the executive a cash amount equal to times the amount of any quarterly dividend paid in the years after grant to the extent the dividend exceeds the quarterly dividend rate in effect at the time of grant for each share underlying the granted SARs (including after conversion to stock options). Beginning in March 2021, the credited amounts are converted to share units at the dividend payment date, to be settled by issuance of shares years after grant of the SARs. All of the stock options vest in equal annual tranches beginning December 6, 2021, with a final expiration date of December 5, 2030. For the year ended November 30, 2021, we recorded million of total Compensation and benefits expense relating to the stock options and SARs. At both November 30, 2022 and 2021, of our common shares were designated for the senior executive nonqualified stock options. 
 In December 2021, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors granted each of our senior executives RSUs with a grant date fair value of million and performance stock units PSUs with a target fair market value of million. The RSUs have a cliff vesting schedule. With respect to the PSUs, there is a service period, along with performance period measures of fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2023 performance, the threshold level of Return on Tangible Equity ROTE was , the target level of ROTE was , and the upper end was . Any performance below will result in forfeiture of all PSUs; ROTE will result in receiving of target PSUs; and ROTE or greater will result in receiving of target PSUs. ROTE performance between and and and will be linearly interpolated to determine PSU distribution. 
 In December 2021, the Board of Directors also granted our senior executives each a special long-term, retention grant, termed the Leadership Continuity Grant, with a grant date fair value of million. Our senior executives will gain the benefits of the retention award after an additional holding period following the service period. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Grants Forfeited ) Fulfillment of vesting requirement ) Balance at November 30, 2020 
 Grants Forfeited ) Fulfillment of vesting requirement ) Balance at November 30, 2021 
 Grants Forfeited Fulfillment of vesting requirement ) Balance at November 30, 2022 

Grants Distributions of underlying shares ) Forfeited Fulfillment of service requirement (1) ) Balance at November 30, 2020 
 Grants Distributions of underlying shares ) Forfeited Fulfillment of service requirement (1) ) Balance at November 30, 2021 
 Grants Distributions of underlying shares ) Forfeited Fulfillment of vesting requirement (1) ) Balance at November 30, 2022 

(1) Fulfillment of vesting requirement during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, includes RSUs, RSUs and RSUs, respectively, related to the senior executive compensation plans. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 , and , respectively, of dividend equivalents declared on RSUs; the weighted-average grant date fair values of the dividend equivalents were approximately , and , respectively. 
 Grants Forfeited ) Fulfillment of vesting requirement ) Balance at November 30, 2020 
 Grants Forfeited ) Fulfillment of vesting requirement Balance at November 30, 2021 
 Grants Forfeited Fulfillment of vesting requirement ) Balance at November 30, 2022 
 
 During the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, grants related to the targeted number of shares include approximately , and , respectively, of dividend equivalents declared on RSUs; the weighted-average grant date fair values of the dividend equivalents were approximately , and , respectively. During the year ended November 30, 2020, grants include approximately of RSUs issued as a result of superior performance pursuant to the 2016 compensation year award. In December 2022, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved a total of RSUs relating to above target performance earned under the compensation year 2020 Plan . 
 In estimating the fair value of each stock option award on the grant date we use the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The below includes both the options granted in December 2020 and the SARs, fair valued as of the time when the liability settled award was converted to an equity settled option award in March 2021. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Expected life years Weighted-average fair value per grant 
 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximating each grant's expected life. Expected life assumed options are exercised midway between the vesting date and expiration date. The expected volatility was based on the historical behavior of the Company's stock price using the expected life. Dividend yield was based on our current dividend yield at the time of grant. The fair value of the excess dividend rights was determined by means of a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 of our common shares. At November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , respectively, of our common shares were designated for the HomeFed stock options. 
 Profit Sharing Plan . We have a profit sharing plan, covering substantially all employees, which includes a salary reduction feature designed to qualify under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Restricted Cash Awards. We provide compensation to new and existing employees in the form of loans and/or other cash awards which are subject to ratable vesting terms with service requirements. We amortize these awards to compensation expense over the relevant service period, which is generally considered to start at the beginning of the annual compensation year. 
 Compensation Expense. 
 Stock options and Stock appreciation rights Restricted stock and RSUs (2) Profit sharing plan Total compensation costs 
 (1) Amounts include costs related to the accelerated amortization of certain cash-based awards, which were amended to remove any service requirements for vesting in the awards, which amounted to and million for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Total compensation costs associated with restricted stock and RSUs include the amortization of sign-on, retention and senior executive awards, less forfeitures and clawbacks. Additionally, we recognize compensation costs related to the discount provided to employees in electing to defer compensation under the DCP. These compensation costs were approximately million, million and million for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Restricted cash awards Total 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million of restricted cash awards related to the 2022 performance year that contain a future service requirement were approved and awarded. 

Note 14. 
 million to the U.S. Pension Plan during the year ended November 30, 2022 and we anticipate making million contribution to the plan for the year ending November 30, 2023. 
 Interest cost Actuarial (gains) losses ) ) Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) Administrative expenses paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) 
 As of November 30, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of the net amount recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition was reflected as a charge to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (substantially all of which were cumulative losses) and million and million, respectively, was reflected as accrued pension cost. 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 ) ) ) Net periodic pension cost Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss): Net (gains) losses arising during the period ) ) Settlement losses ) ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net amount recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other 
 comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 The amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at November 30, 2022 and 2021 have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic pension cost in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net pension cost: Discount rate 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 U.S. Pension Plan 
 Discount rate used to determine benefit obligation Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net pension cost: Discount rate 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2032 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 separate portfolios, each with different asset mixes and objectives. The portfolios are valued at their NAV as a practical expedient for fair value. 
 The Growth Portfolio consists of global equities and high yield investments. 
 The Liability-Driven Investing ("LDI") Portfolio consists of long duration credit bonds and a suite of long duration, Treasury-based instruments designed to provide capital-efficient interest rate exposure as well as target specific maturities. The objective of the LDI Portfolio is to seek to achieve performance similar to the WilTel plan's liability by seeking to match the interest rate sensitivity and credit sensitivity. The LDI Portfolio is managed to mitigate volatility in funded status deriving from changes in the discounted value of benefit obligations from market movements in the interest rate and credit components of the underlying discount curve. 
 U.S. Pension Plan Assets 
 We have an agreement with an external investment manager to invest and manage the plan s assets under a strategy using a combination of two portfolios. The investment manager allocates the plan s assets between a growth portfolio and a liability-driven portfolio according to certain target allocations and tolerance bands that are agreed to by the Administrative Committee of the U.S. Pension Plan. Such target allocations will take into consideration the plan s funded ratio. The manager will also monitor the strategy and, as the plan s funded ratio changes over time, will rebalance the strategy, if necessary, to be within the agreed tolerance bands and target allocations. The portfolios are composed of certain common collective investment trusts that are established and maintained by the investment manager. The common collective trusts are valued at their NAV as a practical expedient for fair value. 
 Plan Assumptions 
 To develop the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, we considered the following underlying assumptions: current expected inflation, ) to real rate of return for long duration risk free investments and an additional to return premium for corporate credit risk. For U.S. and international equity, we assume an equity risk premium over risk-free assets equal to . We then weighted these assumptions based on invested assets and assumed that investment expenses were offset by expected returns in excess of benchmarks, which resulted in the selection of and expected long-term rate of return assumption for WilTel and U.S. Pension plan, respectively, for 2022. 
 Other 
 We have defined contribution pension plans, including 401(k) plans, that cover certain employees. Amounts charged to expense related to such plans were million, million and million for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 15. 
 
 Weighted average: Remaining lease term (in years) Discount rate 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less: Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows ) ) Operating leases amount in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Finance leases amount in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition Total amount in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 In addition to the table above, at November 30, 2022, we entered into a lease agreement that was signed but had not yet commenced. This operating lease will commence in 2023 with a lease term of . Lease payments for this lease agreement will be million for the period from lease commencement to the end of the lease term. 
 Variable lease costs (2) Less: Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost, net 
 (1) Includes short-term leases, which are not material. 
 (2) Includes property taxes, insurance costs, common area maintenance, utilities, and other costs that are not fixed. The amount also includes rent increases resulting from inflation indices and periodic market rent reviews. 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Non-cash - ROU assets recorded for new and modified leases 
 The amortization of the ROU assets is included within Other adjustments in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Note 16. 
 Fixed rate callable note (1) Floating rate puttable notes (1) 
 Total short-term borrowings 
 (1) These Short-term borrowings are recorded at cost in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, which is a reasonable approximation of their fair values due to their liquid and short-term nature. 
 At November 30, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding is per annum. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, our borrowings under credit facilities classified within bank loans in Short-term borrowings in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition were million and million, respectively. Our borrowings include credit facilities that contain certain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain a specified level of tangible net worth, require a minimum regulatory net capital requirement for our U.S. broker-dealer, Jefferies LLC, and impose certain restrictions on the future indebtedness of certain of our subsidiaries that are borrowers. Interest is based on rates at spreads over the federal funds rate or other adjusted rates, as defined in the various credit agreements, or at a rate as agreed between the bank and us in reference to the bank s cost of funding. At November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under these credit facilities. 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 17. 
 Senior Notes 
 October 18, 2023 Euro Medium Term Notes 
 July 19, 2024 Callable Note due 2025 
 July 22, 2025 Callable Note due 2026 
 March 26, 2026 Senior Notes (1) 
 January 15, 2027 Senior Debentures 
 June 8, 2027 Callable Note due 2027 
 June 16, 2027 Callable Note due 2028 
 February 17, 2028 Senior Notes 
 January 23, 2030 Senior Debentures (1) 
 October 15, 2031 Senior Debentures (1) 
 October 15, 2032 Senior Notes 
 January 15, 2036 Senior Notes 
 January 20, 2043 Senior Notes 
 October 23, 2043 Floating Rate Senior Notes October 29, 2071 Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility August 3, 2023 Structured notes (2) Various Various Total unsecured long-term debt Secured long-term debt HomeFed EB-5 Program debt HomeFed construction loans Secured Credit Facilities Secured Bank Loan Total long-term debt (3) 
 (1) The carrying values of these senior notes include net gains of million and million during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, associated with interest rate swaps based on designation as fair value hedges. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 5, Derivative Financial Instruments, for further information. 
 (2) These structured notes contain various interest rate payment terms and are accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk presented in other comprehensive income and changes in fair value resulting from non-credit components recognized in Principal transactions revenues. A weighted average coupon rate is not meaningful, as all of the structured notes are carried at fair value. 
 (3) The Total Long-term debt has a fair value of billion and billion at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which would be classified as Level 2 and Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 In connection with the merger of Jefferies Group LLC with and into Jefferies Financial Group Inc. on November 1, 2022, we assumed all of the debt obligations of Jefferies Group LLC, which had previously been non-recourse to us. 
 During 2022, long-term debt decreased by million to billion at November 30, 2022, as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. This decrease is primarily due to fair value changes in our structured notes and gains on certain of our senior notes associated with interest rate swaps based on their designation as fair value hedges, partially offset by structured notes issuances, net of retirements, of approximately million and net issuances of approximately million related to our secured credit facilities. 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million to billion at November 30, 2021. This increase is primarily due to our issuances of senior notes with a principal amount of billion, due 2031, and floating rate senior notes with a principal amount of million, due 2071, partially offset by the early redemption of our senior notes with a principal amount of million, due January 20, 2023 and partial repurchase of million of our senior notes, due October 18, 2023. The change was also due to an increase of million from borrowings under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility ), an increase of million from secured long-term borrowings and approximately million of structured notes issuances, net of retirements. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021 , our borrowings under several credit facilities classified within Long-term debt in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition amounted to million and million, respectively. Interest on these credit facilities are based on adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR rates, Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus a spread or other adjusted rates, as defined in the various credit agreements. The credit facility agreements contain certain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain specified levels of tangible net worth and liquidity amounts, and impose certain restrictions on future indebtedness of and require specified levels of regulated capital and cash reserves for certain of our subsidiaries. At November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under theses credit facilities, except for certain facilities secured by automobile loans with an amount outstanding of million for which technical covenant violations have occurred that are in the process of being resolved with the lenders. 
 In addition, one of our subsidiaries has a Loan and Security Agreement with a bank for a term loan Secured Bank Loan ). At November 30, 2022 and 2021 , borrowings under the Secured Bank Loan amounted to million and are also classified within Long-term debt in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Secured Bank Loan matures on September 13, 2024 and is collateralized by certain trading securities with an interest rate of plus LIBOR. The agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, restricts lien or encumbrance upon any of the pledged collateral. At November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Secured Bank Loan. 
 HomeFed funds certain of its real estate projects in part by raising funds under the Immigrant Investor Program administered by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to the Immigration and Nationality Act ("EB-5 Program"). This debt is secured by certain real estate of HomeFed. At November 30, 2022, HomeFed was in compliance with all debt covenants which include, among other requirements, limitations on incurrence of debt, collateral requirements and restricted use of proceeds. Primarily all of HomeFed's EB-5 Program debt matures in 2024 through 2026. 
 million. The proceeds are being used for construction at certain of its real estate projects. The outstanding principal amount of the loans bears interest based on the 30 day LIBOR or the SOFR, plus spreads of to , subject to adjustment on the first of each calendar month. At November 30, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on these loans was . The loans mature between October 2023 and May 2024 and are collateralized by the property underlying the related project with a guarantee by HomeFed. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, was outstanding under the construction loan agreements. 

Note 18. 
 million and million, respectively, primarily related to our oil and gas exploration and development businesses. 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Shares 
 Our callable mandatorily redeemable cumulative convertible preferred shares ("Preferred Shares") are callable beginning January 2023 at a price of per share, plus accrued interest and are mandatorily redeemable in 2038 for million. The Preferred Shares have a dividend rate equal to the sum of annual, cumulative cash dividend, plus an additional quarterly payment based on the amount by which our common stock dividends exceed per common share. At November 30, 2022, the Preferred Shares are convertible into common shares, an effective conversion price of per share. Based on the current quarterly dividend of per common share, the effective rate on these Preferred Shares is approximately . In connection with the Vitesse Energy spin-off, the number of common shares into which the Preferred Shares will convert may be adjusted based on subsequent trading prices, which may increase the number of Preferred Shares convertible into common shares. 
 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 19. 
 
 Allocation of earnings to participating securities (1) ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders for basic earnings per share Adjustment to allocation of earnings to participating securities related to diluted shares (1) Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred share dividends Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders for diluted earnings per share Denominator for earnings per common share: Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average shares of restricted stock outstanding with future service required ) ) ) Weighted average RSUs outstanding with no future service required Denominator for basic earnings per common share weighted average shares Stock options and other share-based awards Senior executive compensation plan RSU awards Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares Denominator for diluted earnings per common share Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 (1) Represents dividends declared during the period on participating securities plus an allocation of undistributed earnings to participating securities. Net losses are not allocated to participating securities. Participating securities represent restricted stock and RSUs for which requisite service has not yet been rendered and amounted to weighted average shares of 991,400, and for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Dividends declared on participating securities were million, million and million during the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Undistributed earnings are allocated to participating securities based upon their right to share in earnings if all earnings for the period had been distributed. 
 million. In March 2022, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by million. In June 2022, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by million. In September 2022, the Board of Directors increased the share repurchase authorization by million back to a total authorized repurchase amount of million. 
 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 20. Net unrealized foreign exchange losses ) ) ) Net unrealized losses related to instrument specific credit risk ) ) ) Net minimum pension liability ) ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 
 , ), and ), respectively 
 ) Principal transactions revenues Amortization of defined benefit pension plan actuarial losses, net of income tax benefit of , , and , respectively 
 ) ) ) Compensation and benefits expenses. See Note 14, Benefit Plans for information on this component. 
 Total reclassifications for the period, net of tax ) ) ) 

147 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Note 21. 
 U.S. state and local Foreign Total current Deferred: U.S. Federal ) U.S. state and local ) ) Foreign Total deferred ) Total income tax expense 
 Non-U.S. (1) 
 Earnings before income tax expense 
 (1) For purposes of this table, non-U.S. income is defined as income generated from operations located outside the U.S. 
 Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: State and local income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit International operations (including foreign rate differential) Non-deductible executive compensation Foreign tax credits, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Employee share-based awards ) ) Regulatory Settlement Change in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior years ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest on unrecognized tax benefits Other, net ) Total income tax expense 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Increases based on tax positions related to the current period Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods Decreases based on tax positions related to prior periods ) ) ) Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Balance at end of period 
 The total amount of unrecognized benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate was million and million (net of Federal benefit) at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties, if any, as components of Income tax expense. Net interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits was million, million and million for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had interest accrued of approximately million, million and million, respectively, included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. No material penalties were accrued for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Operating lease liabilities Long-term debt Accrued expenses and other Investments in associated companies Sub-total Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of intangibles Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset, included in Other assets 
 The valuation allowance represents the portion of our deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that the benefit of such items will not be realized. We believe that the realization of the net deferred tax asset of million at November 30, 2022 is more likely than not based on expectations of future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 At November 30, 2022, we had gross net operating loss carryforwards of million, primarily related to various state and local jurisdictions. This balance has been partially offset by a valuation allowance of million. The remaining valuation allowance is attributable to deferred tax assets related to compensation and benefits in the U.K. 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million. 
 We will recognize any U.S. income tax expense we may incur on global intangible low-taxed income as income tax expense in the period in which the tax is incurred. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 includes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax AMT and a one percent excise tax on net stock repurchases. The corporate AMT applies to corporations with average annual profits over 1 billion and is calculated on their financial statement income, with certain adjustments, and will apply to our tax year beginning December 1, 2023. The one percent excise tax on net stock repurchases is effective January 1, 2023. We do not expect that these changes will have a significant effect on our future effective tax rate, but we will continue to evaluate the nature and monitor the extent of the potential impacts. 

Note 22. 
 Loan commitments (1) 
 Loans purchase commitments (2) Underwriting commitments 
 Forward starting reverse repos (3) Forward starting repos (3) Other unfunded commitments (1) 
 Total commitments 
 (1) Equity, loan and other unfunded commitments are presented by contractual maturity date. The amounts, however, are available on demand. 
 (2) Loan purchase commitments comprise of unfunded commitments to acquire secondary market loans. For the population of loans to be acquired under the loan purchase commitments, at November 30, 2022, Jefferies had also entered into back-to-back committed sale contracts aggregating to billion. 
 (3) At November 30, 2022, billion within forward starting securities purchased under agreements to resell and all except million of forward starting securities sold under agreements to repurchase settled within three business days. 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million. 
 Additionally, at November 30, 2022, we had other outstanding equity commitments to invest up to million with strategic affiliates and million to various other investments. 
 Loan Commitments. From time to time we make commitments to extend credit to clients and to strategic affiliates. These commitments and any related drawdowns of these facilities typically have fixed maturity dates and are contingent on certain representations, warranties and contractual conditions applicable to the borrower. At November 30, 2022, we had million of outstanding loan commitments to clients and million to strategic affiliates. 
 Loan commitments outstanding at November 30, 2022 also include our portion of the outstanding secured revolving credit facility provided to Jefferies Finance, to support loan underwritings by Jefferies Finance. 
 Underwriting Commitments. In connection with investment banking activities, we may from time to time provide underwriting commitments to our clients in connection with capital raising transactions. 
 Forward Starting Reverse Repos and Repos. We enter into commitments to take possession of securities with agreements to resell on a forward starting basis and to sell securities with agreements to repurchase on a forward starting basis that are primarily secured by U.S. government and agency securities. 
 Other Unfunded Commitments. Other unfunded commitments include obligations in the form of revolving notes, warehouse financings and debt securities to provide financing to asset-backed and CLO vehicles. Upon advancing funds, drawn amounts are collateralized by the assets of an entity. 
 Guarantees 
 Derivative Contracts. As a dealer, we make markets and trade in a variety of derivative instruments. Certain derivative contracts that we have entered into meet the accounting definition of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP, including credit default swaps, written foreign currency options and written equity put options. On certain of these contracts, such as written interest rate caps and foreign currency options, the maximum payout cannot be quantified since the increase in interest or foreign exchange rates are not contractually limited by the terms of the contract. As such, we have disclosed notional values as a measure of our maximum potential payout under these contracts. 
 Written derivative contracts credit related Total derivative contracts 
 The derivative contracts deemed to meet the definition of a guarantee under U.S. GAAP are before consideration of hedging transactions and only reflect a partial or one-sided component of any risk exposure. Written equity options and written credit default swaps are often executed in a strategy that is in tandem with long cash instruments e.g. , equity and debt securities). We substantially mitigate our exposure to market risk on these contracts through hedges, such as other derivative contracts and/or cash instruments, and we manage the risk associated with these contracts in the context of our overall risk management framework. We believe notional amounts overstate our expected payout and that fair value of these contracts is a more relevant measure of our obligations. At November 30, 2022, the fair value of derivative contracts meeting the definition of a guarantee is approximately million. 
 Berkadia. We have agreed to reimburse Berkshire Hathaway for up to one-half of any losses incurred under a billion surety policy securing outstanding commercial paper issued by an affiliate of Berkadia. At November 30, 2022, the aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding was billion. 
 151 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 million. 
 Standby Letters of Credit. At November 30, 2022, we provided guarantees to certain counterparties in the form of standby letters of credit in the amount of million, with a weighted average maturity of less than . Standby letters of credit commit us to make payment to the beneficiary if the guaranteed party fails to fulfill its obligation under a contractual arrangement with that beneficiary. Since commitments associated with these collateral instruments may expire unused, the amount shown does not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirement. 
 Other Guarantees. We are members of various exchanges and clearing houses. In the normal course of business, we provide guarantees to securities clearing houses and exchanges. These guarantees generally are required under the standard membership agreements, such that members are required to guarantee the performance of other members. Additionally, if a member becomes unable to satisfy its obligations to the clearing house, other members would be required to meet these shortfalls. To mitigate these performance risks, the exchanges and clearing houses often require members to post collateral. Our obligations under such guarantees could exceed the collateral amounts posted. Our maximum potential liability under these arrangements cannot be quantified; however, the potential for us to be required to make payments under such guarantees is deemed remote. Accordingly, no liability has been recognized for these arrangements. Additionally, we provide certain indemnifications in connection with third-party clearing and execution arrangements whereby a third-party may clear and settle transactions on behalf of our clients. These indemnifications generally have standard contractual terms and are entered into in the ordinary course of business. Our obligations in respect of such transactions are secured by the assets in our client s account, as well as any proceeds received from the transactions cleared and settled on behalf of our client. However, we believe that it is unlikely we would have to make any material payments under these arrangements and no material liabilities related to these indemnifications have been recognized. 

Note 23. 
 JFSI 
 FINRA is the designated examining authority for Jefferies LLC and the NFA is the designated self-regulatory organization for Jefferies LLC as an FCM. 
 Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are subject to capital adequacy requirements as prescribed by the regulatory authorities in their respective jurisdictions, including Jefferies International Limited which is subject to the regulatory supervision and requirements of the Financial Conduct Authority in the U.K. 
 152 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 billion and billion, respectively, of net assets of our consolidated subsidiaries are restricted as to the payment of cash dividends, or the ability to make loans or advances to the parent company. At November 30, 2022 and 2021, billion and billion, respectively, of these assets are restricted as they reflect regulatory capital requirements or require regulatory approval prior to the payment of cash dividends and advances to the parent company. 

Note 24. 
 reportable business segments: (1) Investment Banking and Capital Markets and (2) Asset Management. The Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment includes our securities, commodities, futures and foreign exchange capital markets activities and investment banking business, which is composed of financial advisory and underwriting activities. The Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable business segment provides the sales, trading, origination and advisory effort for various fixed income, equity and advisory products and services. The Asset Management reportable business segment provides investment management services to investors in the U.S. and overseas and invests capital in hedge funds, separately managed accounts and third-party asset managers. 
 Our reportable business segment information is prepared using the following methodologies: 
 Net revenues and non-interest expenses directly associated with each reportable business segment are included in determining earnings (loss) before income taxes. 
 Net revenues and non-interest expenses not directly associated with specific reportable business segments are allocated based on the most relevant measures applicable, including each reportable business segment s net revenues, headcount and other factors. 
 Reportable business segment assets include an allocation of indirect corporate assets that have been fully allocated to our reportable business segments, generally based on each reportable business segment s capital utilization. 
 During the year ended November 30, 2022 and in connection with the merger of Jefferies Group LLC with and into Jefferies Financial Group Inc., we transferred significantly all of our legacy merchant banking investments to our Asset Management reportable segment. Certain other publicly traded equity investments related to investment banking relationships were transferred from our Merchant Banking reportable segment to our Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment. In addition, there were certain investments that were held within the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment, which have been transferred to the Asset Management reportable segment. These investments are now managed by the respective segment managers and we have revised our reportable segment presentation accordingly. We believe that this reorganization of our segments better aligns the manner in which we manage our business activities and is in keeping with our fundamental long-term strategy of continuing to build out our investment banking effort, enhancing our capital markets businesses and further developing our Leucadia Asset Management alternative asset management platform as we continue to divest of significant portions of our legacy merchant banking portfolio. Additionally, corporate activities are now fully allocated to either the Investment Banking and Capital Markets reportable segment or the Asset Management reportable segment. Prior year amounts have been revised to conform to current segment reporting. 
 153 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

 Non-interest expenses Earnings before income taxes Asset Management: Net revenues Non-interest expenses Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Total of Reportable Business Segments: Net revenues Non-interest expenses Earnings before income taxes Reconciliation to consolidated amounts: Net revenues ) Non-interest expenses Earnings (loss) before income taxes (1) ) Total: Net revenues Non-interest expenses Total earnings before income taxes 
 (1) Management does not consider certain foreign currency transaction gains or losses, fair value debt valuation adjustments on derivative contracts, gains and losses on investments held in deferred compensation or certain other immaterial corporate income and expense items in assessing the financial performance of operating businesses. Collectively, these items are included in the reconciliation of reportable business segment amounts to consolidated amounts. 
 The following table summarizes our total assets by reportable business segment (in millions): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Investment Banking and Capital Markets Asset Management Total assets 
 154 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED 

Europe and the Middle East (2) Asia Net revenues 
 (1) Substantially all relates to U.S. results. 
 (2) Substantially all relates to U.K. results. 

Note 25. 
 million and million, respectively, of loans outstanding to certain of our officers and employees (none of whom are executive officers or directors) that are included in Other assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 On October 24, 2022, we repurchased of our shares from one of our officers for approximately million. 
 Receivables from and payables to customers include balances arising from officers , directors and employees individual security transactions. These transactions are subject to the same regulations as all customer transactions and are provided on substantially the same terms. 
 One of our directors had an investment in a hedge fund managed by us of approximately million at November 30, 2020. This investment was fully redeemed in February 2021. 
 Special Purpose Acquisition Companies. We earned investment banking revenues during the year ended November 30, 2021 of million for services provided to special purpose acquisition companies we have co-sponsored. 
 Sale of Subsidiary. On November 3, 2020, we sold a wholly-owned subsidiary primarily invested in short-dated receivables that related to an asset management strategy to an investment fund managed by us for approximately million. The gain on sale was not material. 
 See Note 8, Variable Interest Entities, and Note 22, Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees, for further information regarding related party transactions with our officers, directors and employees. 
 See Note 9, Investments for further information on transactions with our equity method investees. 

Note 26. 
 155 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our Management, under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 30, 2022 are functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting is contained in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended November 30, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) to Form 10-K. 
 Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have a Code of Business Practice, which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees, and is available on our website. We intend to post amendments to or waivers from our Code of Business Practice on our website as required by applicable law. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) to Form 10-K. 
 Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 156 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) to Form 10-K. 
 Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) to Form 10-K. 
 Information with respect to this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information with respect to aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. will be contained in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements required to be filed hereunder are listed on page S-1. 
 (a)2 . Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statement schedules required to be filed hereunder are listed on page S-1. 
 (a)3. Exhibits 
 
 157 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Jefferies Financial Group Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on August 1, 2018. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (effective September 30, 2021), is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021. 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of October 18, 2013, by and between Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (formerly Leucadia National Corporation) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2013. 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2002 (Senior Securities), by and between Jefferies Group LLC (formerly Jefferies Group, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Jefferies Group LLC s and Jefferies Group Capital Finance Inc. s Form S-3 Registration Statement filed on February 1, 2019 (File Nos. 333-229494 and 333-229494-01). 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2003, to Indenture dated as of March 12, 2002 by and between Jefferies Group LLC (formerly Jefferies Group, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Jefferies Group, Inc.'s Form S-3 Registration Statement filed on July 15, 2003 (No. 333-107032). 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of March 12, 2002, by and between Jefferies Group LLC (formerly Jefferies Group, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Jefferies Group, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2012. 
 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2013, to the Indenture dated as of March 12, 2002 by and between Jefferies Group LLC (formerly Jefferies Group, Inc.) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Jefferies Group, Inc.'s Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2013. 
 4.7 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022, among Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2002, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2022. 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2016 (the Senior Debt Indenture ), by and among Jefferies Group LLC and Jefferies Group Capital Finance Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-A of Jefferies Group LLC and Jefferies Group Capital Finance Inc. filed on January 17, 2017. 
 4.9 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022, among Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, to the Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2022. 
 4.10 Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Registrant and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. Registrant hereby agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the Commission upon request. 10.1 HomeFed Corporation Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended, the "Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (HomeFed)"), is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-232532) filed on July 3, 2019. + 
 10.2 Amendment to HomeFed Corporation Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-232532) filed on July 3, 2019). + 
 10.3 HomeFed Corporation 2017 RSU Opportunity Plan (as amended, the "Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 2017 RSU Opportunity Plan (HomeFed)"), is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-232532) filed on July 3, 2019. + 
 10.4 Amendment to HomeFed Corporation 2017 RSU Opportunity Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-232532) filed on July 3, 2019. + 
 10.5 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 2003 Incentive Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 29, 2021. + 
 10.6 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Equity Compensation Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement filed on February 12, 2021. + 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2013). + 
 
 158 

Table of Contents 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2013. + 
 10.9 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2003 Stock Award and Incentive Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2021. + 
 10.10 Form of Stock Appreciation Award Agreement, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2021. + 
 10.11 Form of Stock Option Agreement (Converted Stock Appreciation Award) under the Company s Equity Compensation Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2021. + 
 10.12 Leucadia National Corporation 1999 Directors' Stock Compensation Plan, as amended and restated on July 25, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix II to the 2013 Proxy Statement. + 
 10.13 Agreement of Terms dated as of December 31, 2011 between Leucadia National Corporation and Berkshire Hathaway Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2012. 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Time-Based) under the Company s Equity Compensation Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2022. + 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Performance-Based) under the Company s Equity Compensation Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2022. + 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Leadership Continuity Grant) under the Company s Equity Compensation Plan, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2022. + 
 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock / Deferred Share Agreement to Non-Employee Independent Directors. + 
 10.18 Agreement, between Teresa Gendron and the Company, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2022. + 
 18 Preferability Letter provided by Deloitte Touche LLP . 
 21 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of November 30, 2022 and 2021; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page interactive data file pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, formatted in iXBRL (included in exhibit 101) 
 
 + Management/Employment Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement. 
 Incorporated by reference. 
 Furnished herewith pursuant to item 601(b) (32) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. /s/ MATT LARSON Matt Larson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated: January 27, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, on the date set forth below. 
 Name Title Date /s/ JOSEPH S. STEINBERG Chairman of the Board of Directors January 27, 2023 Joseph S. Steinberg /s/ RICHARD B. HANDLER Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) January 27, 2023 Richard B. Handler /s/ MATT LARSON Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) January 27, 2023 Matt Larson /s/ BRIAN P. FRIEDMAN President and Director January 27, 2023 Brian P. Friedman /s/ MARK L. CAGNO Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) January 27, 2023 Mark L. Cagno /s/ LINDA L. ADAMANY Director January 27, 2023 Linda L. Adamany /s/ BARRY J. ALPERIN Director January 27, 2023 Barry J. Alperin /s/ ROBERT D. BEYER Director January 27, 2023 Robert D. Beyer /s/ MATRICE ELLIS KIRK Director January 27, 2023 Matrice Ellis Kirk 

160 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ MARYANNE GILMARTIN Director January 27, 2023 MaryAnne Gilmartin /s/ THOMAS W. JONES Director January 27, 2023 Thomas W. Jones /s/ JACOB M. KATZ Director January 27, 2023 Jacob M. Katz /s/ MICHAEL T. O KANE Director January 27, 2023 Michael T. O Kane /s/ MELISSA V. WEILER Director January 27, 2023 Melissa V. Weiler 
 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 Index to Financial Statements and 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 Items (15)(a)(1) and (15)(a)(2) 
 Page Financial Statements Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 66 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 76 
 Financial Statement Schedules Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (Parent Company Only) at November 30, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 S-2 - S-5 

S-1 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes or deposited with clearing and depository organizations Financial instruments owned, at fair value 
 Investments in and loans to related parties Investment in subsidiaries 
 Advances to subsidiaries 
 Subordinated notes receivable 
 Other assets 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Short-term borrowings 
 Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 
 Advances from subsidiaries Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Total liabilities MEZZANINE EQUITY Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred shares EQUITY Common shares, par value per share, authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding, after deducting and shares held in treasury 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Jefferies Financial Group Inc. common shareholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 S-2 

Table of Contents Interest Other ) ) Total revenues Interest expense Net revenues ) ) Non-interest expenses: 
 Total non-interest expenses Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) before undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
 Net earnings Preferred stock dividends Net earnings attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Currency translation and other adjustments ) ) Change in fair value of instrument specific credit risk ) ) Minimum pension liability adjustments, net of tax Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 S-3 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Amortization ) ) Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) (Income) loss on investments in and loans to related parties ) Other adjustments ) ) Net change in assets and liabilities: Financial instruments owned ) Other assets ) ) Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased ) Income taxes receivable/payable, net ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Contributions to investments in and loans to related parties ) ) Capital distributions from investments and repayments of loans from related parties Advances on loan receivables ) ) Principal collections of loan receivables Distribution (to) from subsidiaries, net Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries Other ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments on short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Advances (to) from subsidiaries, net ) Issuances of common shares Purchase of common shares for treasury ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 S-4 

Table of Contents 

 Income taxes, net Non-cash investing activities: Investments contributed to subsidiary Dividends received from subsidiaries 
 The following presents the Parent Company s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash by category within the Condensed Statements of Financial Condition (in thousands): 
 November 30, 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Cash and securities segregated and on deposit for regulatory purposes with clearing and depository organizations Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 S-5 

Table of Contents 

 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 
 S-6 

Table of Contents 

 million at November 30, 2022. For further information, refer to Note 16, Short-Term Borrowings, and Note 17, Long-Term Debt, in the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022. 
 
 S-7 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41113022.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. Jefferies, the Company, we, us, our or Issuer has three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1) Our common shares, par value 1.00 per share Common Shares (2) our 4.850 Senior Notes due 2027, and (3) our 2.75 Senior Notes Due 2032. 
 Description of Common Shares 
 Authorized Capital 
 Pursuant to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company is authorized to issue 606,000,000 shares, which consist of 600,000,000 shares of our Common Shares, and 6,000,000 preferred shares, par value 1.00 per share (the Preferred Shares ). 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of our Preferred Shares that may be outstanding, holders of our Common Shares are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Company s board of directors out of funds legally available to pay dividends. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of our Common Shares is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on the applicable record date for all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders. 
 No Preemptive, Conversion or Redemption Rights No Sinking Fund Provisions 
 Holders of our Common Shares have no preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any shares or other securities, and there are no conversion rights or redemption, purchase, retirement or sinking fund provisions with respect to our Common Shares. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or other winding-up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, and after the holders of our Preferred Shares shall have been paid in full the amounts to which they respectively shall be entitled, or an amount sufficient to pay the aggregate amount to which such holders will be entitled have been deposited in trust with a bank or trustee having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, having a capital, undivided profits and surplus aggregating at least 50,000,000, for the benefit of the holders of our Preferred Stock, the remaining net assets of the Company shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of our Common Shares. 
 Certain Other Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 
 The Certificate of Incorporation and or the By-Laws, include the following provisions, not previously discussed above, that may have effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company 
 
 Our board of directors may adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws without shareholder approval 
 Vacancies on our board of directors (including any vacancy due to an increase in the size of our board of directors) may be filled by a majority of remaining directors, although less than a quorum 
 Our directors may only be removed with cause 
 Our By-Laws establish an advance notice procedure and proxy access procedures for shareholders to submit proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors at our annual meeting of shareholders 
 Our By-Laws otherwise limit the ability to call special meetings of shareholders to our board of directors and 
 Our board of directors is authorized to issue Preferred Shares without shareholder approval. 
 The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Certificate of Incorporation and the By-Laws. For additional information we encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws and applicable provisions of the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York, including Section 717, Section 912 and Section 513. 

Description of the Notes 
 The following description of our 4.850 Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes and our 2.75 Senior Notes Due 2032 (the 2032 Notes , and together with the 2027 Notes, the Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to, in the case of each of the 2027 Notes and the 2032 Notes, the indenture, dated as of May 26, 2016 between Jefferies Group LLC, Jefferies Group Capital Finance Inc. and the Bank of New York Mellon BNYM ), as trustee, as supplemented by a first supplemental indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022 between us and BNYM (the Senior Indenture ), which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 General 
 The initial aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes is 750,000,000 and the initial aggregate principal amount of the 2032 Notes is 500,000,000. 
 Interest Payments and Maturity 
 The 2027 Notes will mature on January 15, 2027 and the 2032 Notes will mature on October 15, 2032. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.850 , and the 2032 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.75 . 
 Interest on the 2027 Notes accrues from January 17, 2017, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or provided for. We pay interest on the 2027 Notes on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing July 15, 2017 to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding January 1 and July 1. 
 Interest on the 2032 Notes accrues from October 7, 2020, or from the most recent interest payment date to which interest has been paid or provided for. We pay interest on the 2032 Notes on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing April 15, 2021 to holders of record at the close of business on the immediately preceding April 1 and October 1. 
 Interest is be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprising twelve 30-day months. Interest on the Notes will be paid by check mailed to the persons in whose names the Notes are registered at the close of business on the applicable record date or, at our option, by wire transfer to accounts maintained by such persons with a bank located in the United States. The principal of the Notes will be paid upon surrender of the Notes at the corporate trust office of the trustee. For so long as the Notes are represented by global notes, we will make payments of interest by wire transfer to The Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee, which will distribute payments to beneficial holders in accordance with its customary procedures. 
 The Notes are not entitled to any sinking fund. 
 Ranking 
 The Notes will be senior unsecured obligations, each ranking equally with all of our existing and future senior indebtedness and senior to any future subordinated indebtedness. 
 Optional Redemption 
 The Notes are redeemable, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at our option at a redemption price equal to the greater of 
 (i) 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or 
 (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any such portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below), plus 40 basis points with respect to the 2027 Notes, and 35 basis points with respect to the 2032 Notes, plus accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 
 Comparable Treasury Issue means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
 Comparable Treasury Price means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation. 

Quotation Agent means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by us. 
 Reference Treasury Dealer means (i) Jefferies LLC (or its affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors, as applicable provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a Primary Treasury Dealer ), we will substitute therefore another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by us. 
 Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such reference treasury dealer at 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date. 
 Treasury Rate means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price of such redemption date. 
 Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each registered holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes shall be selected in accordance with the procedures of DTC. 
 Redemption upon a Tax Event 
 We may redeem the debt securities in whole, but not in part, on not more than 60 days and not less than 30 days notice, at a redemption price equal to 100 of their principal amount, plus all accrued but unpaid interest through the redemption date if we determine that as a result of a change in tax law (as defined below) 
 we have or will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts or 
 there is a substantial possibility that we will be required to pay such additional amounts. 
 A change in tax law that would trigger the provisions of the preceding paragraph is any change in or amendment to the laws, treaties, regulations or rulings of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof, or any proposed change in the laws, treaties, regulations or rulings, or any change in the official application, enforcement or interpretation of the laws, treaties, regulations or rulings (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States) or any other action (other than an action predicated on law generally known on or before the date of the applicable prospectus supplement for the particular issuance of debt securities to which this section applies except for proposals before the Congress prior to that date) taken by any taxing authority or a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States, or the official proposal of the action, whether or not the action or proposal was taken or made with respect to us. 
 Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, we shall deliver to the trustee an officers certificate stating that we are entitled to effect the aforementioned redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to our right to so redeem have occurred, and an opinion of counsel to such effect based on such statement of facts. 
 Payment of Additional Amounts 
 We will pay to the holder of any debt security who is a United States alien holder (as defined below) such additional amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment of principal of and interest on the debt security, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the United States or any taxing authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such debt security to be then due and payable. We will not be required, however, to make any payment of additional amounts for or on account of 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the existence of any present or former connection between such holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, such holder, if such holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation) and the United States, including, without limitation, such holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or possessor), being or having been a citizen or resident or treated as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in trade or business or present in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of the debt security for payment on a date more than 10 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later 

any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, personal property or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of such holder s past or present status as a passive foreign investment company, a controlled foreign corporation, a personal holding company or foreign personal holding company with respect to the United States, or as a corporation which accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge which is payable otherwise than by withholding from payment of principal of, or interest on, such debt security 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of, or interest on, any debt security if such payment can be made without withholding by any other paying agent 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed by reason of a holder s present or former status as (i) the actual or constructive owner of 10 or more of the total combined voting power of our stock, as determined for purposed of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), (or any successor provision) or (ii) a controlled foreign corporation that is related to us, as determined for purposes of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (or any successor provision) 
 any tax, assessment or other governmental charge (i) in the nature of a backup withholding tax, (ii) as a result of the failure to comply with information reporting requirements or (iii) imposed under the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 or any substantially similar successor legislation, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant thereto, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection therewith or 
 any combinations of items identified in the bullet points above. 
 Covenants with respect to the Notes 
 Limitations on Liens. The Senior Indenture provides that we will not, and will not permit any material subsidiary to, incur, issue, assume or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money if such indebtedness is secured by a pledge of, lien (other than permitted liens) on, or security interest in any voting stock of any material subsidiary, without effectively providing that each series of senior debt securities and, at our option, any other indebtedness ranking equally and ratably with such indebtedness, is secured equally and ratably with (or prior to) such other secured indebtedness. The indenture defines material subsidiary to be any subsidiary that represents 5 or more of our consolidated net worth as of the date of determination. 
 Limitations on Mergers and Sales of Assets. The Senior Indenture provides that the Company will not merge into, consolidate with or convert into, or convey, transfer or lease its assets substantially as an entirety, and another person may not consolidate with, merge into or convert into the Issuer, unless 
 either (1) the Issuer is the continuing corporation, or (2) the successor corporation, if other than the Issuer, is a domestic corporation, partnership or trust and expressly assumes by supplemental indenture the obligations evidenced by the securities issued pursuant to the Senior Indenture 
 immediately after the transaction, there would not be any default in the performance of any covenant or condition of the Senior Indenture 
 if as a result of such consolidation or merger or conversion or such conveyance, the Issuer s assets or properties would become subject to a pledge, lien or other similar encumbrance which would not be permitted under the indenture, the Issuer or its successor takes steps as necessary to effectively secure the securities equally and ratably with (or prior to) all indebtedness secured thereby and 
 we have delivered an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel to the trustee as required under the Senior Indenture. 
 For purposes of the Senior Indenture, corporation is defined to include a corporation, association, company (including a limited liability company), joint-stock company, business trust or other similar entity. 
 Other than the restrictions described above, the indenture does not contain any covenants or provisions that would protect holders of the 2027 Notes and or the 2032 Notes in the event of a highly leveraged transaction. Specifically, the Senior Indenture does not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. 

Book-Entry, Delivery and Form 
 We have obtained the information in this section concerning DTC, Clearstream, Euroclear and the book-entry system and procedures from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we take no responsibility for the accuracy of this information. 
 The Notes were issued as fully-registered global notes which will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, which we refer to as DTC, and registered, at the request of DTC, in the name of Cede & Co. Beneficial interests in the global notes will be represented through book-entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect participants in DTC. Investors may elect to hold their interests in the global notes through either DTC (in the United States) or (in Europe) through Clearstream Banking S.A., or Clearstream, formerly Cedelbank, or through Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, or Euroclear. Investors may hold their interests in the global notes directly if they are participants of such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in these systems. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers securities accounts in Clearstream s and Euroclear s names on the books of their respective depositaries, which in turn will hold these interests in customers securities accounts in the depositaries names on the books of DTC. Citibank, N.A. will act as depositary for Clearstream and JPMorgan Chase Bank will act as depositary for Euroclear. We will refer to Citibank and JPMorgan Chase Bank in these capacities as the U.S. Depositaries. Beneficial interests in the global notes will be held in denominations of 5,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. Except as set forth below, the global notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or its nominee. 
 Notes represented by a global note can be exchanged for definitive Notes, in registered form only if 
 DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for that global note and we do not appoint a successor depositary within 90 days after receiving that notice 
 at any time DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and we do not appoint a successor depositary within 90 days after becoming aware that DTC has ceased to be registered as a clearing agency 
 we in our sole discretion determine that global note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes, in registered form and notify the trustee of our decision or 
 an event of default with respect to the Notes represented by that global note, has occurred and is continuing. 
 A global note that can be exchanged as described in the preceding sentence will be exchanged for definitive Notes, issued in denominations of 5,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof in registered form for the same aggregate amount. The definitive Notes will be registered in the names of the owners of the beneficial interests in the global note as directed by DTC. 
 We will make principal and interest payments on all Notes represented by a global note to the paying agent which in turn will make payment to DTC or its nominee, as the sole registered owner and the sole holder of the Notes represented by the global note, for all purposes under the indenture. Accordingly, we, the trustee and any paying agent will have no responsibility or liability for 
 any aspect of DTC s records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in a Note represented by a global note 
 any other aspect of the relationship between DTC and its participants or the relationship between those participants and the owners of beneficial interests in a global note held through those participants or 
 the maintenance, supervision or review of any of DTC s records relating to those beneficial ownership interests. 
 DTC has advised us that its current practice is to credit participants accounts on each payment date with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the global note as shown on DTC s records, upon DTC s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information. The underwriter will initially designate the accounts to be credited. Payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in a global note will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for customer accounts registered in street name, and will be the sole responsibility of those participants. Book-entry Notes may be more difficult to pledge because of the lack of a physical note. 

DTC 
 So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner of a global note, DTC or its nominee, will be considered the sole owner and holder of the Notes represented by that global note for all purposes of the indenture. Owners of beneficial interests in the Notes will not be entitled to have the Notes registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of the Notes in definitive form and will not be considered owners or holders of Notes under the indenture. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in a global note must rely on the procedures of DTC and, if that person is not a DTC participant, on the procedures of the participant through which that person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder of Notes. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of the securities in certificated form. These laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global note. Beneficial owners may experience delays in receiving distributions on their Notes since distributions will initially be made to DTC and must then be transferred through the chain of intermediaries to the beneficial owner s account. 
 We understand that, under existing industry practices, if we request holders to take any action, or if an owner of a beneficial interest in a global note desires to take any action which a holder is entitled to take under the indenture, then DTC would authorize the participants holding the relevant beneficial interests to take that action and those participants would authorize the beneficial owners owning through such participants to take that action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners owning through them. 
 Beneficial interests in a global note will be shown on, and transfers of those ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC and its participants for that global note. The conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to its participants and by its participants to owners of beneficial interests in the Notes will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements in effect. 
 DTC has advised us that it is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York banking law, a banking organization within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 DTC holds the securities of its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions among its participants in such securities through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its participants. The electronic book-entry system eliminates the need for physical certificates. DTC s participants include securities brokers and dealers, including the underwriter, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations, some of which, and or their representatives, own DTC. Banks, brokers, dealers, trust companies and others that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant, either directly or indirectly, also have access to DTC s book-entry system. The rules applicable to DTC and its participants are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 DTC has advised us that the above information with respect to DTC has been provided to its participants and other members of the financial community for informational purposes only and is not intended to serve as a representation, warranty or contract modification of any kind. 
 Clearstream 
 Clearstream has advised us that it is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream holds securities for its participating organizations, or Clearstream Participants, and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between Clearstream Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of Clearstream Participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Clearstream provides to Clearstream Participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream interfaces with domestic securities markets in several countries. As a professional depositary, Clearstream is subject to regulation by the Luxembourg Commission for the Supervision of the Financial Sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). Clearstream Participants are recognized financial institutions around the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations and may include the underwriter. Clearstream s U.S. Participants are limited to securities brokers and dealers and banks. Indirect access to Clearstream is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Clearstream Participant either directly or indirectly. Distributions with respect to Notes held beneficially through Clearstream will be credited to cash accounts of Clearstream Participants in accordance with its rules and procedures, to the extent received by the U.S. Depositary for Clearstream. 

Euroclear 
 Euroclear has advised us that it was created in 1968 to hold securities for participants of Euroclear, or Euroclear Participants, and to clear and settle transactions between Euroclear Participants through simultaneous electronic book-entry delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities and cash. Euroclear performs various other services, including securities lending and borrowing and interacts with domestic markets in several countries. Euroclear is operated by Euroclear Bank S.A. N.V., or the Euroclear Operator, under contract with Euroclear plc, a U.K. corporation. All operations are conducted by the Euroclear Operator, and all Euroclear securities clearance accounts and Euroclear cash accounts are accounts with the Euroclear Operator, not Euroclear plc. Euroclear plc establishes policy for Euroclear on behalf of Euroclear Participants. Euroclear Participants include banks, including central banks, securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries and may include the underwriter. Indirect access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
 The Euroclear Operator is a Belgian bank. As such it is regulated by the Belgian Banking and Finance Commission. 
 Securities clearance accounts and cash accounts with the Euroclear Operator are governed by the Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the related Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System, and applicable Belgian law, which we will refer to as the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions govern transfers of securities and cash within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities and cash from Euroclear, and receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in Euroclear are held on a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities clearance accounts. The Euroclear Operator acts under the Terms and Conditions only on behalf of Euroclear Participants, and has no record of or relationship with persons holding through Euroclear Participants. 
 Distributions with respect to Notes held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear Participants in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, to the extent received by the U.S. Depositary for Euroclear. 
 Euroclear has further advised us that investors that acquire, hold and transfer interests in the Notes by book-entry through accounts with the Euroclear Operator or any other securities intermediary are subject to the laws and contractual provisions governing their relationship with their intermediary, as well as the laws and contractual provisions governing the relationship between such an intermediary and each other intermediary, if any, standing between themselves and the global notes. 
 Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
 Initial settlement for the Notes will be made in immediately available funds. Secondary market trading between DTC participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules and will be settled in immediately available funds using DTC s Same-Day Funds Settlement System. Secondary market trading between Clearstream Participants and or Euroclear Participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and operating procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds in immediately available funds. 
 Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream Participants or Euroclear Participants, on the other, will be effected through DTC in accordance with DTC rules on behalf of the relevant European international clearing system by its U.S. Depositary however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to the relevant European international clearing system by the counterparty in such system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). The relevant European international clearing system will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its U.S. Depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving Notes through DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream Participants and Euroclear Participants may not deliver instructions directly to their respective U.S. Depositaries. 
 Because of time-zone differences, credits of Notes received through Clearstream or Euroclear as a result of a transaction with a DTC participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated the business day following the DTC settlement date. Such credits or any transactions in such Notes settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Euroclear Participants or Clearstream Participants on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream or Euroclear as a result of sales of Notes by or through a Clearstream Participant or a Euroclear Participant to a DTC participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 
 Although DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of Notes among participants of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be modified or discontinued at any time. Neither we nor the paying agent will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective direct or indirect participants of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 

Events of Default 
 Each of the following events will constitute an event of default under the indenture with respect to the Notes issued 
 default in the payment of any interest upon any debt security of such series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days or 
 default in the payment of the principal of or any premium on any debt security of such series when due or 
 our failure to made any required scheduled installment payment, for 30 days on debt securities of such series or 
 failure to perform for 90 days after notice any other covenant in the indenture other than a covenant included in the indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than such series or 
 our failure to pay beyond any applicable grace period, or the acceleration of, indebtedness in excess of 50,000,000 or 
 certain bankruptcy, or insolvency events, whether voluntary or not. 
 Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 
 The provisions for full defeasance and covenant defeasance described below apply to each senior and subordinated debt security. When there is a defeasance and discharge, the indenture will no longer govern the debt securities of such series we will no longer be liable for payments required by the terms of the debt securities of such series and the holders of such debt securities will be entitled only to the deposited funds. When there is a covenant defeasance, however, we will continue to be obligated to make payments when due if the deposited funds are not sufficient. 
 Defeasance and Discharge . If there is a change in United States federal tax law, we can legally release ourselves from all payment and other obligations on any debt securities. This is called full defeasance and is further described in Section 13.02 of the Senior Indenture. For us to do so, each of the following must occur 
 We must deposit in trust for the benefit of all holders of those debt securities money or a combination of money and United States government or United States government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on those debt securities on their various due dates 
 There must be a change in current United States federal tax law or an Internal Revenue Service ruling that lets us make the above deposit without causing the holders to be taxed on those debt securities any differently than if we did not make the deposit and just repaid those debt securities ourselves. Under current federal tax law, the deposit and our legal release from a debt security would be treated as though we took back the debt security and returned an appropriate share of the cash and notes or bonds deposited in trust. In that event, there may be a recognized gain or loss on the debt security 
 We must deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming the tax law change described above and 
 In the case of the subordinated debt securities, the following requirements must also be met 
 No event or condition may exist that would prevent us from making payments of principal, premium or interest on those subordinated debt securities on the date of the deposit referred to above or during the 90 days after that date and 
 We must deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that (a) the trust funds will not be subject to any rights of holders of senior indebtedness and (b) after the 90-day period referred to above, the trust funds will not be subject to any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, except that if a court were to rule under any of those laws in any case or proceeding that the trust funds remained our property, then the relevant trustee and the holders of the subordinated debt securities would be entitled to some enumerated rights as secured creditors in the trust funds. 
 If we ever fully defeased a debt security, the trust deposit would make any and all payments on the applicable debt security. We would not be responsible for any payment in the event of any shortfall, and we will be deemed to have paid and satisfied our obligations on all outstanding debt securities of such series. 
 Covenant Defeasance . Under current United States law, we can make the same type of deposit described above and be released from the restriction on liens described and any other restrictive covenants relating to a debt security. This is called covenant defeasance and is further described in Section 13.03 of the Senior Indenture. In that event, you would lose the protection of those restrictive covenants. In order to achieve covenant defeasance for any debt securities, we must 

deposit in trust for the benefit of the holders of those debt securities money or a combination of money and United States government or United States government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on those debt securities on their various due dates and 
 deliver to the trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that under current United States federal income tax law we may make the above deposit without causing the holders to be taxed on those debt securities any differently than if we did not make the deposit and just repaid those debt securities ourselves. 
 In addition, in order to achieve covenant defeasance for any subordinated debt securities that have the benefit of any restrictive covenants, both conditions described in the last bullet point under Defeasance above must be satisfied. Subordinated debt securities will not have the benefit of any restrictive covenants unless the applicable prospectus supplement specifically provides that they do. 
 We will cease to be under any obligation, other than to pay when due the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such debt securities, relating to the debt securities of such series (Section 13.04 of the Senior Indenture). 
 Concerning the Trustee under the Indenture 
 We have and may continue to have banking and other business relationships with The Bank of New York Mellon, or any subsequent trustee, in the ordinary course of business. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 exhibit1017113022.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 

Exhibit 10.17 
 
 JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 Restricted Stock Deferred Share Agreement 
 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the Company desires to confirm the grant of Restricted Stock or Deferred Shares to ___________________, an independent director elected at the Company s 20__ Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Director ), and to set forth the terms and conditions of such grant 
 
 Grant Date __________ 
 Grant Type Restricted Stock or Deferred Shares Shares 
 Grant Value ______ 
 FMV of Common 
 Shares on Grant Date ___ 
 Shares Granted _________ 
 Vesting Schedule 33 1 3 per year 
 Tranche 1 _____ shares vesting on ____________ 
 Tranche 2 _____ shares vesting on ____________ 
 Tranche 3 _____ shares vesting on ____________ 
 
 The form of your Award Restricted Stock or Deferred Shares is based on your current election in effect under the ECP and 1999 Plan. Elections remain in effect for all subsequent years until validly modified or revoked. 
 1. Incorporation of Plans by Reference . The Shares have been granted to the Director under Company s Equity Compensation Plan (the ECP ), pursuant to the terms of the 1999 Directors' Stock Compensation Plan, as amended and restated March 25, 2021 (the 1999 Plan, which is a sub-plan under the ECP). All of the terms, conditions and other provisions of the ECP and 1999 Plan are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement. 
 2. Restrictions and Related Terms. 
 (a) Restrictions Generally . Until they expire in accordance with Section 2(b) and the 1999 Plan, the following restrictions (the Restrictions shall apply to Shares of Restricted Stock or Deferred Shares (the Award (1) the Award shall be subject to a risk of forfeiture as set forth in Section 2(b), and (2) the Director shall not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, margin or otherwise encumber or dispose of the Award (except for transfers and forfeitures to the Company). 
 (b) Expiration of Restrictions . Except as otherwise specifically set forth herein or in the ECP or 1999 Plan, the Restrictions shall expire as set forth in the initial paragraph above (each being a vesting date, at which date such tranche of the Shares is deemed vested). In addition, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the following provisions shall govern the earlier removal of the Restrictions and forfeiture of any unvested portion of the Award. 
 (i) Death, Disability and Retirement. If the Director dies or no longer serves as a director of the Company by reason of the Director s Disability or Retirement (as defined below), then the Restrictions as to all of the Shares shall immediately expire upon such death, Disability or Retirement. Disability shall have the meaning under the Company's long-term disability policy as then in effect and Retirement shall mean termination of service as a director of the Company and its subsidiaries at or after the age of 65. 

(ii) Termination of Directorship . In the event the Director no longer serves as a director of the Company and any subsidiary of the Company (other than due to death, Disability or Retirement), the portion of the then-outstanding Award not vested at such date will be forfeited. 
 (c) Evidence of Award . Restricted Stock will be Shares issued in the name of the Director, subject to the restrictions in this Agreement, evidenced by an entry on the books of the Company s transfer agent or in certificated form issued as promptly as practical after the Grant Date. An Award of Deferred Shares will be evidenced by this Agreement and entries in the internal records of the Company, until such time as the Award is forfeited or settled. 
 (d) Dividends and Distributions . 
 (i) Restricted Stock. In the case of Restricted Stock granted to a Director who, at the date of grant, is eligible for Retirement, in the event of a cash dividend or distribution on Common Shares that is not a large and non-recurring dividend or distribution (as determined by the Board of Directors), such dividend or distribution shall be paid in cash. In the case of Restricted Stock granted to a Director who, at the date of grant, is not eligible for Retirement, in the event of a cash dividend or distribution on Common Shares that is not a large and non-recurring dividend or distribution (as determined by the Board of Directors), such dividend or distribution shall be retained by the Company as a cash amount, to be paid out at the time of vesting of the underlying Share of Restricted Stock (becoming retirement-eligible will not be treated as vesting for this purpose). In the event of a large and non-recurring dividend payable on Common Shares, whether in cash or as property (other than Common Shares), the Company shall retain such dividend and, in lieu of delivery thereof, shall grant to the Director additional shares of Restricted Stock having a Fair Market Value (as determined by the Administrator) at the payment date of the dividend or distribution equal to the amount of cash paid or the fair market value of the property paid as a dividend or distribution on each Common Share multiplied by the number of shares of the Director s Restricted Stock provided that, in the case of a non-cash dividend, the Administrator may determine to make equitable adjustments under the ECP and the 1999 Plan in an alternative manner. Any additional Restricted Stock acquired under this Section 2(d) will be subject to the same Restrictions and to such other terms and conditions as applied to the Restricted Stock. 
 (ii) Deferred Shares . The crediting of dividend equivalents on Deferred Shares, in the form of additional Deferred Shares, shall be effected in accordance with Section 9.2 of the 1999 Plan. Deferred Shares that result from dividend equivalents on or adjustments to a Deferred Share granted hereunder in any manner will be subject to the same risk of forfeiture as applies to the underlying granted Deferred Share and, if not forfeited, will be settled at the same time as the underlying granted Deferred Shares. 
 (iii) Common Share Splits. In the event of a split-up of Common Shares, the shares of Restricted Stock resulting from the split-up will be deemed to be additional Restricted Stock, and Deferred Shares will be automatically adjusted to reflect the split-up, with the additional Restricted Stock or adjusted Deferred Shares subject to the same Restrictions and to such other terms and conditions of the ECP, the 1999 Plan and this Agreement as applied to the underlying Restricted Stock or to the Deferred Shares immediately prior to such split-up. 
 
 (e) Delivery of Common Stock . Upon expiration of Restrictions on any Restricted Stock, the Company shall release the Common Shares to the Director (such Shares were issued at or shortly after the Grant Date, subject to the Restrictions). Upon expiration of Restrictions on any Deferred Shares, the Company will deliver Common Shares to the Director in accordance with the Director s distribution election on file with the Company. 
 
 (f) Stock Powers . The Director will deliver to the General Counsel of the Company, at such time(s) as the General Counsel may request, one or more executed stock powers, in such form as may be reasonably requested by the General Counsel, authorizing the transfer of Restricted Stock to the Company upon forfeiture, and the Director will take such other steps or perform such other actions as may be requested by the General Counsel to effect the transfer of any forfeited Restricted Stock (together with any cash or property resulting dividends or distributions by the Company). 
 
 (g) Other Provisions . Restricted Stock will carry with it the right to vote, but Deferred Shares will have no voting rights. 

3. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of laws principles. 
 
 4. Agreement Director s Acceptance . By accepting the Restricted Stock or Deferred Shares, the Director hereby agrees to be bound by the terms of the ECP, the 1999 Plan and this Agreement. 
 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 

By ___________________________ 
 Michael J. Sharp 
 General Counsel 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-18>
 4
 exhibit18113022.htm
 EX-18

Document 

Exhibit 18 

January 27, 2023 
 Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 520 Madison Avenue 
 New York, New York 10022 
 
 Dear Sirs Madams 
 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended November 30, 2022, included in your Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Securities and Exchange Commission and have issued our report thereon dated January 27, 2023, which expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph concerning the change in accounting for secondary loan trading from the trade date basis method to the settlement date basis method. Note 1 to such consolidated financial statements contains a description of your adoption during the year ended November 30, 2022, of a change in accounting principle for secondary loan trading from the trade date basis method to the settlement date basis method. In our judgment, such change is to an alternative accounting principle that is preferable under the circumstances. 
 
 Yours truly, 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 January 27, 2023 

</EX-18>

<EX-21>
 5
 exhibit21113022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

JEFFERIES FINANCIAL GROUP INC. Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries as of November 30, 2022 
 State Country Name of Incorporation 54 Mad Holding LLC Delaware Baldwin Enterprise, LLC Colorado BEI Italia Wireless LLC Delaware BEI - Beach LLC Delaware BEI-Longhorn, LLC Delaware Chardaho, LLC Delaware Charwin Timber, LLC Delaware Foursight Capital LLC Utah Foursight Holding LLC Delaware Foursight Receivables LLC Delaware Gauss Holdings LLC Delaware Gauss LLC Delaware HomeFed LLC Delaware HomeFed Village 8, LLC Delaware Idaho Timber Holding LLC Delaware Jefferies (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Jefferies (Japan) Limited England and Wales Jefferies Americas II Ltd. Cayman Islands Jefferies Asia Holding Pte. Ltd. Singapore Jefferies Financial Services, Inc. Delaware Jefferies Funding LLC Delaware Jefferies GmbH Germany Jefferies Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Jefferies India Private Limited India Jefferies International Finance Corporation Delaware Jefferies International Limited England and Wales Jefferies Investments Limited England and Wales Jefferies Leveraged Credit Products, LLC Delaware Jefferies LLC Delaware Jefferies Mortgage Finance, Inc. Delaware Jefferies Research Services LLC Delaware Jefferies Singapore Limited Singapore Jefferies Strategic Investments, LLC Delaware Jefferies Structured Credit LLC Delaware Jefferies US Holdings LLC Delaware JLPT Delaware JPF LLC Delaware JTOP Investments LLC Delaware JUPG Delaware JUPS Delaware Leucadia Asset Management Holdings LLC Delaware Leucadia Asset Management LLC Delaware Leucadia Aviation, Inc. Delaware Leucadia LLC Delaware LUK Servicing, LLC Delaware LUK-FX Holdings, LLC Delaware LUK DV01 Holdings, LLC Delaware LVC AM, LLC Delaware M Science Holdings LLC Delaware M Science LLC Delaware Otay Village III Lender, LLC Delaware Phlcorp Holding LLC Pennsylvania SR Warehouse LLC Delaware Village of Escaya Mixed Use, LLC Delaware Vitesse Energy Finance LLC Delaware Vitesse Energy, LLC Delaware 
 Subsidiaries not included on this list, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of November 30, 2022 
 . 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231113022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-185318, No. 333-232532 and 333-268095 on Form S-8, and No. 333-238931 on Form S-3ASR of our reports dated January 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 New York, New York 
 January 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311113022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Richard B. Handler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date January 27, 2023 By s Richard B. Handler Name Title Richard B. Handler Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312113022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Matt Larson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date January 27, 2023 By s Matt Larson Name Title Matt Larson Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit321113022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Richard B. Handler, as Chief Executive Officer of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the Company ), certify, as of the date hereof and solely for purposes of and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending November 30, 2022 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date January 27, 2023 By s Richard B. Handler Name Title Richard B. Handler Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exhibit322113022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matt Larson, as Chief Financial Officer of Jefferies Financial Group Inc. (the Company ), certify, as of the date hereof and solely for purposes of and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending November 30, 2022 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date January 27, 2023 By s Matt Larson Name Title Matt Larson Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 jef-20221130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 jef-20221130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 jef-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 jef-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 jef-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

