<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_898171_0001564590-23-003301.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36724632</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>228925</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2247346</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15609069</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3798709</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14019709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-003301.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308144936
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-003301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898171
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				561814206
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22062
		FILM NUMBER:		23715813

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		132 NORTH FIRST STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 338
		CITY:			ALBEMARLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7049836181

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 338
		CITY:			ALBEMARLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28002-0338

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STANLY CAPITAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-003301.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 uwhr-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

uwhr-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to . 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

NONE 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. . 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock outstanding as of March 6, 2023. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference. 

FORM 10-K CROSS REFERENCE INDEX 
 As indicated below, portions of the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which the Registrant plans to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission subsequent to the date hereof, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Key 

10-K 

This annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

Proxy 

Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 

Document 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business 

10-K 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

10-K 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

10-K 

Item 2. 

Properties 

10-K 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

10-K 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

10-K 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

10-K 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

10-K 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

10-K 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

10-K 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

10-K 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

10-K 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

10-K 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

10-K 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

10-K 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Proxy 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

Proxy 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Proxy 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Proxy 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Proxy 

Part IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

10-K 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

10-K 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 

 Uwharrie Capital Corp (the Company is a North Carolina business corporation and registered bank holding company. The Company was incorporated on February 24, 1993 to become the bank holding company for Uwharrie Bank (the Bank ), a North Carolina commercial bank, originally chartered on September 28, 1983 as Bank of Stanly, and its three wholly owned subsidiaries, The Strategic Alliance Corporation Strategic Alliance ), BOS Agency, Inc. BOS Agency and Gateway Mortgage, Inc., a mortgage brokerage company acquired in August 2000. The Company also owns two non-bank subsidiaries, Uwharrie Investment Advisors, Inc., formerly known as Strategic Investment Advisors, Inc., formed in 1999, and Uwharrie Mortgage, Inc., formed in 2004. 
 On January 19, 2000, the Company completed its acquisition of Anson Bancorp, Inc. and its subsidiary, Anson Savings Bank. The savings bank retained its North Carolina savings bank charter and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company until September 1, 2013 when it was merged with and into the Bank. 
 During 2002, the Company expanded its service area into the Cabarrus County market. On April 10, 2003 the Company capitalized a new wholly owned subsidiary bank, Cabarrus Bank & Trust Company. As of that date, Cabarrus Bank & Trust Company purchased two Cabarrus County branch offices of the Bank, formerly known as Bank of Stanly, in order to commence operations. Cabarrus Bank & Trust Company was merged with and into the Bank, effective September 1, 2013. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries conduct their operations in Stanly County, Anson County, Cabarrus County and Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The Company is community-oriented, emphasizing the well-being of the people in its region above financial gain in directing its corporate decisions. In order to best serve its communities, the Company believes it must remain a strong, viable, independent financial institution. This means that the Company must evolve with today s quickly changing financial services industry. Beginning with its inception in 1993, the Company implemented its current strategy to remain a strong, independent community financial institution that is competitive with larger institutions and allows its service area to enjoy the benefits of a local financial institution and the strength its capital investment provides the community. This strategy consists of developing and expanding the Company s technological capabilities while recruiting and maintaining a workforce sensitive to the financial services needs of its customers. This strategy has provided the Company with the capacity to grow and leverage the cost of delivering competitive services. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company and related subsidiaries had 178 full-time and 15 part-time employees. 
 Business of the Bank 
 The Bank is a North Carolina chartered commercial bank, which was incorporated in 1983 and which commenced banking operations as Bank of Stanly on January 26, 1984. Its main banking office is located at 167 North Second Street, Albemarle, North Carolina, and it operates nine other banking offices and two loan production offices in Stanly County, Cabarrus County, Anson County and Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The Bank is the only commercial bank headquartered in Stanly County. 
 Its operations are primarily retail-oriented and directed to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses located in its market area, and its deposits and loans are derived primarily from customers in its geographical market. The Bank provides traditional commercial and consumer banking services, including personal and commercial checking and savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, and related business and individual banking services. The Bank s lending activities include commercial loans and various consumer-type loans to individuals, including installment loans, mortgage loans, equity lines of credit and overdraft checking credit. The Bank also offers internet banking, mobile banking, 24-hour telephone banking, and issues Visa check cards, an electronic banking card, which functions as a point-of-sale card and allows cardholders to access their deposit accounts at the Bank s ten branches and at most automated teller machines of other banks linked to the STAR or CIRRUS networks. The Bank offers credit cards under license from MasterCard . The Bank does not presently provide the services of a trust department. 
 Non-Bank Subsidiaries 
 The Bank has three wholly owned subsidiaries, BOS Agency, Strategic Alliance and Gateway Mortgage, Inc. BOS Agency was formed during 1987 and engages in the sale of various insurance products, including fixed annuities, life insurance, long-term care, disability insurance and Medicare supplements. Strategic Alliance was formed during 1989 as BOS Financial Corporation and, in 1993, adopted its current name. It is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and licensed by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA as a securities broker-dealer. Gateway Mortgage, Inc. is a mortgage brokerage company, acquired by the Bank in 2000. 
 1 

The Company has two non-bank subsidiaries. Uwharrie Investment Advisors, Inc., which is registered as an investment advisor with the SEC, began operations on April 1, 1999 and provides portfolio management services to customers in the Charlotte Metropolitan and Uwharrie Lakes Regions. The Company established Uwharrie Mortgage, Inc., a subsidiary to serve in the capacity of trustee and substitute trustee under deeds of trust, in 2004. 
 Competition 
 Commercial banking in North Carolina is extremely competitive, due in large part to early adoption of statewide and interstate branching laws. The Company encounters significant competition from a number of sources, including other bank holding companies, commercial banks, credit unions, and other financial institutions and financial intermediaries, including financial technology companies. 
 Among commercial banks, the Bank competes in its market areas with some of the largest banking organizations operating in the state, several of which have numerous branches in North Carolina and billions of dollars in assets. Consequently, some competitors have substantially higher lending limits due to their greater total capitalization, and may perform functions for their customers that the Company currently does not offer. The Company could encounter increased competition in the future, from existing or new competitors that may limit its ability to maintain or increase its market share or otherwise materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Bank depends on its reputation as a community bank in its local market, direct customer contact, its ability to make credit and other business decisions locally, and personalized service to counter these competitive disadvantages. 
 Exposure to Local Economic Conditions 
 The Company s success is dependent to a significant extent upon economic conditions in Stanly, Anson, Cabarrus and Mecklenburg Counties, and more generally, in the Charlotte Metropolitan and Uwharrie Lakes Regions. In addition, the banking industry in general is affected by economic conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment and other factors beyond the Company s control. Economic recession over a prolonged period or other economic dislocation in the Charlotte Metropolitan and Uwharrie Lakes Regions could cause increases in non-performing assets and impair the values of real estate collateral, thereby causing operating losses, diminishing liquidity and eroding capital. Although management believes its loan policy and review process results in sound and consistent credit decisions on its loans, there can be no assurance that future adverse changes in the economy in the Company s market area would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Impact of Technological Advances Upgrade to Company s Infrastructure 
 The banking industry is undergoing, and management believes it will continue to undergo, technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to improving customer services, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. The Company s future success will depend, in part, on its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as enhance efficiencies in the Company s operations. Management believes that keeping pace with technological advances is critical for the Company in light of its strategy to continue its sustained pace of growth. As a result, the Company intends to continue to upgrade its internal systems, both through the efficient use of technology and by strengthening its policies and procedures. The Company also currently anticipates that it will evaluate opportunities to expand its array of technology-based products to its customers from time to time in the future. 
 Federal Bank Holding Company Regulation and Structure 
 As a registered bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA and to the supervision, examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve System. The Bank has a North Carolina commercial bank charter and is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve and the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks NCCOB ). 
 The BHCA requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: 

it may acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after the acquisition, the bank holding company will directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of the voting shares of the bank 

it or any of its subsidiaries, other than a bank, may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank or 

 2 

it may merge or consolidate with any other bank holding company. 

 The BHCA further provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any transaction that would result in a monopoly or that would substantially lessen competition in the banking business, unless the public interest in meeting the needs of the communities to be served outweighs the anti-competitive effects. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks involved and the convenience and needs of the communities to be served. Consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital adequacy, and consideration of convenience and needs issues focuses, in part, on the performance under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, both of which are discussed elsewhere in more detail. 
 Subject to various exceptions, the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with related regulations, require Federal Reserve approval prior to any person or company acquiring control of a bank holding company. Control is conclusively presumed to exist if a person or company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank holding company. Control is also presumed to exist, although rebuttable, if a person or company acquires 10 or more, but less than 25 , of any class of voting securities and either: 

the bank holding company has securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act or 

no other person owns a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction. 

 The Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Federal Reserve regulations provide a procedure for challenging rebuttable presumptions of control. 
 The BHCA generally prohibits a bank holding company from engaging in activities other than banking, managing or controlling banks or other permissible subsidiaries, and acquiring or retaining direct or indirect control of any company engaged in any activities other than activities closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks. In determining whether a particular activity is permissible, the Federal Reserve considers whether performing the activity can be expected to produce benefits to the public that outweigh possible adverse effects, such as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts of interest or unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve has the power to order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or control of any subsidiary when the continuation of the activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company. 
 Under the BHCA, a bank holding company may file an election with the Federal Reserve to be treated as a financial holding company and engage in an expanded list of financial activities. The election must be accompanied by a certification that all of the company s insured depository institution subsidiaries are well capitalized and well managed. Additionally, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 rating of each subsidiary bank must be satisfactory or better. If, after becoming a financial holding company and undertaking activities not permissible for a bank holding company, the company fails to continue to meet any of the prerequisites for financial holding company status, the company must enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements. If the company does not return to compliance within 180 days, the Federal Reserve may order the company to divest its subsidiary banks or the company may discontinue or divest investments in companies engaged in activities permissible only for a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company. The Company has not filed an election to become a financial holding company. 
 Under Federal Reserve policy and as has been codified by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company is expected to act as a source of financial strength for the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank. This support may be required at times when the Company might not be inclined to provide it. In addition, any capital loans made by the Company to the Bank will be repaid only after the Bank s deposits and various other obligations are repaid in full. 
 The Bank is also subject to numerous state and federal statutes and regulations that affect its business, activities and operations and is supervised and examined by state and federal bank regulatory agencies. The Federal Reserve and the NCCOB regularly examine the operations of the Bank and are given the authority to approve or disapprove mergers, consolidations, the establishment of branches and similar corporate actions. These agencies also have the power to prevent the continuance or development of unsafe or unsound banking practices or other violations of law. 
 3 

Bank Merger Act 
 Section 18(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, popularly known as the Bank Merger Act, requires the prior written approval of the federal banking regulators before any bank may (i) merge or consolidate with, (ii) purchase or otherwise acquire the assets of, or (iii) assume the deposit liabilities of, another bank if the resulting institution is to be a state nonmember bank. 
 The Bank Merger Act prohibits approval of any proposed merger transaction that would result in a monopoly, or would further a combination or conspiracy to monopolize or to attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any part of the United States. Similarly, the Bank Merger Act prohibits the approval of a proposed merger transaction whose effect in any section of the country may be substantially to lessen competition, or to tend to create a monopoly, or which in any other manner would be in restraint of trade. An exception may be made in the case of a merger transaction whose effect would be to substantially lessen competition, tend to create a monopoly, or otherwise restrain trade, if federal regulators find that the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed in the public interest by the probable effect of the transaction in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. 
 In every proposed merger transaction, federal banking regulators must also consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the existing and proposed institutions, the convenience and needs of the community to be served, and the effectiveness of each insured depository institution involved in the proposed merger transaction in combating money-laundering activities, including in overseas branches. 
 State Law 
 The Bank is subject to extensive supervision and regulation by the NCCOB. The NCCOB oversees state laws that set specific requirements for bank capital and that regulate deposits in, and loans and investments by, banks, including the amounts, types, and in some cases, rates. The NCCOB supervises and performs periodic examinations of North Carolina-chartered banks to assure compliance with state banking statutes and regulations, and banks are required to make regular reports to the NCCOB describing in detail their resources, assets, liabilities, and financial condition. Among other things, the NCCOB regulates mergers and consolidations of North Carolina state-chartered banks, capital requirements for banks, the payment of dividends, loans to officers and directors, record keeping, types and amounts of loans and investments, and the establishment, relocation, and closing of branches. 
 The NCCOB has extensive enforcement authority over North Carolina banks. Such authority includes the ability to issue cease-and-desist orders and to seek civil money penalties. The NCCOB may also take possession of a North Carolina bank in various circumstances, including for a violation of its charter or of applicable laws, operating in an unsafe and unsound manner, or as a result of an impairment of its capital, and may appoint a receiver. 
 
 The Company is also required to maintain registration as a bank holding company with the NCCOB. Subject to certain exceptions, the Company may not acquire control over another bank or bank holding company or consummate a merger or other combination transaction with another company without the prior approval of the NCCOB. The NCCOB also has authority to assert civil money penalties against a holding company if the NCCOB determines such holding company to be in violation of any banking laws and the holding company fails to comply with an NCCOB order to cease and desist from such violations of law. 
 The primary state banking laws to which the Bank is subject are set forth in Chapters 53 and 53C of the North Carolina General Statutes. Certain provisions of the North Carolina Business Corporation Act are also applicable to the Bank, as a North Carolina banking corporation. 
 Payment of Dividends and Other Restrictions 
 The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the bank it owns. While there are various legal and regulatory limitations under federal and state law on the extent to which banks can pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to holding companies, the principal source of cash revenues for the Company is dividends from the Bank. The relevant federal and state regulatory agencies have authority to prohibit a state bank or bank holding company, which would include Uwharrie Capital Corp and the Bank, from engaging in what, in the opinion of such regulatory body, constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business. The payment of dividends could, depending upon the financial condition of a bank, be deemed to constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business. 
 North Carolina commercial banks, such as the Bank, are subject to legal limitations on the amounts of dividends they are permitted to pay. Specifically, an insured depository institution, such as the Bank, is prohibited from making capital distributions, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become undercapitalized (as such term is defined in the applicable law and regulations). 
 4 

The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the Federal Reserve s view that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the holding company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earning retention that is consistent with the holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve also indicated that it would be inappropriate for a holding company experiencing serious financial problems to borrow funds to pay dividends. Furthermore, under the prompt corrective action regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve, the Federal Reserve may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if any of the holding company s bank subsidiaries are classified as undercapitalized. 
 A bank holding company is required to give the Federal Reserve prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of its outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of its consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve order or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve. 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was enacted. Among other things, the IRA imposes a new 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased after December 31, 2022 by publicly traded U.S. corporations. With certain exceptions, the value of stock repurchased is determined net of stock issued in the year, including shares issued pursuant to compensatory arrangements. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 The Bank must comply with the Federal Reserve s established capital adequacy standards. The Federal Reserve has promulgated two basic measures of capital adequacy: a risk-based measure and a leverage measure. Banks and bank holding companies must satisfy all applicable capital standards to be considered in compliance. Pursuant to the Federal Reserve s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, the Company is exempt from the Federal Reserve s risk-based capital and leverage rules. 
 The risk-based capital standards are designed to make regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profile among banks and bank holding companies, account for off-balance-sheet exposure and minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets. 
 Assets and off-balance-sheet items are assigned to broad risk categories, each with appropriate weights. The resulting capital ratios represent capital as a percentage of total risk-weighted assets and off-balance-sheet items. The minimum guideline for the ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets is 8 . At least half of total capital must be Tier 1 Capital, which is common stock, undivided profits, minority interests in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries and noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets. The remainder may consist of Tier 2 Capital, which is subordinated debt, other preferred stock and a limited amount of loan loss reserves. The Company s accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, resulting from unrealized gains and losses, net of income tax, on investment securities available for sale, is excluded from regulatory capital. 
 At December 31, 2022 the Bank s total risk-based capital ratio and its Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio were 14.76 and 14.40 , respectively. The Bank has not been advised by any federal banking agency of any additional specific minimum capital ratio requirement applicable to it. 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve has established minimum leverage ratio guidelines for bank holding companies. These guidelines provide for a minimum ratio of Tier 1 Capital to average assets, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets, of 3 for bank holding companies that meet specified criteria. All other bank holding companies generally are required to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of 4 . The Company s ratio at December 31, 2022 was 6.66 , compared to 6.71 at December 31, 2021. The guidelines also provide that bank holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels without significant reliance on intangible assets. Furthermore, the Federal Reserve has indicated that it will consider a tangible Tier 1 Capital leverage ratio and other indications of capital strength in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities. The Federal Reserve has not advised us of any additional specific minimum leverage ratio or tangible Tier 1 Capital leverage ratio applicable to the Company. 
 Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject a bank to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), a prohibition on taking brokered deposits and certain other restrictions on its business. As described below, federal banking regulators can impose substantial additional restrictions upon FDIC-insured depository institutions that fail to meet applicable capital requirements. 
 5 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or FDI Act, requires the federal regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action if a depository institution does not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDI Act establishes five capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted regulations establishing relevant capital measures and relevant capital levels applicable to FDIC-insured banks. The relevant capital measures are the Total Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and the leverage ratio. Under the regulations, an FDIC-insured bank will be: 

well capitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital ratio of 10 or greater, a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio of 8 or greater and a leverage ratio of 5 or greater and is not subject to any order or written directive by the appropriate regulatory authority to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure 

adequately capitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital ratio of 8 or greater, a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio of 6 or greater and a leverage ratio of 4 or greater (3 in certain circumstances) and is not well capitalized 

undercapitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital ratio of less than 8 , a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio of less than 6 or a leverage ratio of less than 4 (3 in certain circumstances) 

significantly undercapitalized if it has a Total Risk-Based Capital ratio of less than 6 , a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio of less than 4 or a leverage ratio of less than 3 and 

critically undercapitalized if its tangible equity is equal to or less than 2 of average quarterly tangible assets. 

 An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than is indicated by its capital ratios if it is determined to be in an unsafe or unsound condition or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had capital levels that qualify as well capitalized under such regulations. 
 The FDI Act generally prohibits an FDIC-insured bank from making a capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the bank would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized banks are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. The federal regulators may not accept a capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the bank s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the bank s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of: (i) an amount equal to 5 of the bank s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized and (ii) the amount which is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. 
 Significantly undercapitalized insured banks may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks , or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers, and capital distributions by the parent holding company . Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator , may not make any payment of principal or interest on certain subordinated debt, extend credit for a highly leveraged transaction, or enter into any material transaction outside the ordinary course of business . A bank that is not well capitalized is also subject to certain limitations relating to brokered deposits. 
 The regulatory capital framework under which the Company and the Bank operate has changed in significant respects as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and other regulations, including the separate regulatory capital requirements put forth by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, commonly known Basel III. 
 The Federal Reserve, FDIC and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency have established an integrated regulatory capital framework that implements the Basel III regulatory capital requirements and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 The major provisions of the rule applicable to us are: 

The rule implemented higher minimum capital requirements, including a new common equity Tier 1 capital requirement, and established criteria that instruments must meet in order to be considered Common Equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital, or Tier 2 capital. The minimum capital to risk-weighted assets RWA requirements under the rule are a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , which is an increase from 4.0 , and a total capital ratio that remains at 8.0 . The minimum leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to average total assets) is 4.0 . The rule 

 6 

maintains the general structure of the current prompt corrective action, or PCA, framework while incorporating these increased minimum requirements. 

The rule implemented changes to the definition of capital, including stricter eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments that disallows the inclusion of instruments such as trust preferred securities in Tier 1 capital going forward (subject to certain exceptions), and new constraints on the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets MSAs ), deferred tax assets DTAs ), and certain investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions. 

Under the rule, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, a banking organization must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of common equity Tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer is intended to help ensure that banking organizations conserve capital when it is most needed, allowing them to better weather periods of economic stress. The buffer is measured relative to RWA. A banking organization with a buffer greater than 2.5 would not be subject to limits on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments however, a banking organization with a buffer of less than 2.5 would be subject to increasingly stringent limitations as the buffer approaches zero. The rule also prohibits a banking organization from making distributions or discretionary bonus payments during any quarter if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 at the beginning of the quarter. The minimum capital requirements plus the capital conservation buffer exceed the PCA well-capitalized thresholds. 

The rule also increased the risk weights for past-due loans, certain commercial real estate loans, and some equity exposures, and made selected other changes in risk weights and credit conversion factors. 

 Compliance by the Company and the Bank with these capital requirements affects their respective operations by increasing the amount of capital required to conduct operations. 
 In 2019, the federal banking agencies released a final rule amending the U.S. Basel III capital rules to simplify the capital treatment of capital deductions and recognition of minority interests for banking organizations such as the Registrant that are not subject to the advanced approaches capital rule. The final rule: 

simplifies the framework of regulatory capital deductions and heightened risk weights for mortgage servicing assets, deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that an institution could not realize through net operating loss carrybacks, and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions, resulting in potentially fewer deductions for these items 

simplifies the recognition and calculation of minority interests that are includable in regulatory capital, resulting in potentially greater recognition of minority interests and 

makes certain technical amendments to the capital rules. 

 Community Bank Leverage Ratio . As discussed below, in 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA became law, which directed the federal banking agencies (which includes the FDIC, Federal Reserve Board, and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or OCC) to develop a community bank leverage ratio CBLR of not less than 8 percent and not more than 10 percent for qualifying community banking organizations. EGRRCPA defines a qualifying community banking organization as a depository institution or depository institution holding company with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion, which would include the Company and its banking subsidiary. A qualifying community banking organization that exceeds the CBLR level established by the agencies is considered to have met: (i) the generally applicable leverage and risk-based capital requirements under the agencies capital rule (ii) the capital ratio requirements in order to be considered well capitalized under the agencies PCA framework (in the case of insured depository institutions) and (iii) any other applicable capital or leverage requirements. Section 201 of EGRRCPA defines the CBLR as the ratio of a banking organization s CBLR tangible equity to its average total consolidated assets, both as reported on the banking organization s applicable regulatory filing. 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have set the minimum required CBLR at 9 . Under the final rule, a qualifying community banking organization may elect to use the CBLR framework if its CBLR is greater than 9 percent. A qualifying community banking organization that has chosen the proposed framework is not required to calculate the existing risk-based and leverage capital requirements. A bank is also considered to have met the capital ratio requirements to be well capitalized for the agencies' prompt corrective action rules provided it has a CBLR greater than 9 percent. We have not elected to implement the CBLR framework at this time. 
 7 

Acquisitions 
 The Company must comply with numerous laws related to any potential acquisition activity. Under the BHCA, a bank holding company may not directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any bank or merge or consolidate with another bank holding company without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve. The acquisition of non-banking companies is also regulated by the Federal Reserve. Current federal law authorizes interstate acquisitions of banks and bank holding companies without geographic limitation. Furthermore, a bank headquartered in one state is authorized to merge with a bank headquartered in another state, as long as neither of the states has opted out of such interstate merger authority prior to such date, and subject to any state requirement that the target bank shall have been in existence and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and to certain deposit market-share limitations. After a bank has established branches in a state through an interstate merger transaction, the bank may establish and acquire additional branches at any location in the state where a bank headquartered in that state could have established or acquired branches under applicable federal or state law. Additionally, under the Dodd-Frank Act, banks are permitted to open a de novo branch in any state if that state would permit a bank organized in that state to open a branch. 
 Restrictions on Affiliate Transactions 
 Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act establish parameters for a bank to conduct covered transactions with its affiliates, with the objective of limiting risk to the insured bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B (i) limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of such bank s capital stock and surplus, and limit the aggregate of all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20 of such capital stock and surplus and (ii) require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the bank or subsidiary as those that would be provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to the affiliate, purchase of assets from the affiliate, issuance of a guaranty on behalf of the affiliate and several other types of transactions. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, restrictions on transactions with affiliates are enhanced by (i) including among covered transactions transactions between bank and affiliate-advised investment funds (ii) including among covered transactions transactions between a bank and an affiliate with respect to securities repurchase agreements and derivatives transactions (iii) adopting stricter collateral rules and (iv) imposing tighter restrictions on transactions between banks and their financial subsidiaries. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments 
 Assessments are paid by each Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) member institution. Assessments are based on the average consolidated total assets less tangible equity of a financial institution. The assessment rates for an insured depository institution vary according to the level of risk incurred in its activities, which for established small institutions like the Bank (i.e., those institutions with less than 10 billion in assets and insured for five years or more), is generally determined by reference to the institution s supervisory ratings. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment is expected to improve the likelihood that the DIF reserve ratio would reach the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline prescribed under the FDIC s amended restoration plan. 
 The Bank s insurance assessments during 2022 and 2021 were 286,000 and 263,000, respectively. 
 The FDIC may terminate insurance of deposits upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 The FDIC has authority to increase deposit insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would likely have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Company and the Bank. Management cannot predict what insurance assessment rates will be in the future. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The Community Reinvestment Act requires federal bank regulatory agencies to encourage financial institutions to meet the credit needs of low and moderate-income borrowers in their local communities. An institution s size and business strategy determines the type of examination that it will receive. Large, retail-oriented institutions are examined using a performance-based lending, investment and service test. Small institutions are examined using a streamlined approach. All institutions may opt to be evaluated under a strategic plan formulated with community input and pre-approved by the bank regulatory agency. 
 8 

The Community Reinvestment Act regulations provide for certain disclosure obligations. Each institution must post a notice advising the public of its right to comment to the institution and its regulator on the institution s Community Reinvestment Act performance and to review the institution s Community Reinvestment Act public file. Each lending institution must maintain for public inspection a file that includes a listing of branch locations and services, a summary of lending activity, a map of its communities and any written comments from the public on its performance in meeting community credit needs. The Community Reinvestment Act requires public disclosure of a financial institution s written Community Reinvestment Act evaluations. This promotes enforcement of Community Reinvestment Act requirements by providing the public with the status of a particular institution s community reinvestment record. 
 Community Reinvestment Act agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual Community Reinvestment Act reports must be made available to a bank s primary federal regulator. A bank holding company will not be permitted to become a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank subsidiaries received less than a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating in its latest Community Reinvestment Act examination. The Bank received a Satisfactory rating in its last CRA examination, which was conducted as of November 16, 2020. 
 The Federal Reserve is considering changes to the regulations under the Community Reinvestment Act. The Company will monitor any proposed changes as they make their way through the agency rulemaking process. 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Act and state law counterparts. 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 Federal law currently contains extensive customer privacy protection provisions. Under these provisions, a financial institution must provide to its customers, at the inception of the customer relationship and then again if any changes are made, the institution s policies and procedures regarding the handling of customers nonpublic personal financial information. These provisions also provide that, except for certain limited exceptions, an institution may not provide such personal information to unaffiliated third parties unless the institution discloses to the customer that such information may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. Federal law makes it a criminal offense, except in limited circumstances, to obtain or attempt to obtain customer information of a financial nature by fraudulent or deceptive means. In addition, certain state laws could potentially impact the Bank s operations, including those related to applicable notification requirements when unauthorized access to customers nonpublic personal information has occurred. 
 The U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies have established computer-security incident notification requirements for banking organizations and bank service providers. A bank holding company, such as the Company, and an FDIC-supervised depository institution, such as the Bank, are required to notify the Federal Reserve or FDIC, respectively, as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after a determination that a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. A computer-security incident is an occurrence that results in actual harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information that the system processes, stores, or transmits. A notification incident is defined as a computer-security incident that has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, a banking organization s: (i) ability to carry out banking operations, activities, or processes, or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, in the ordinary course of business (ii) business line(s), including associated operations, services, functions, and support, that upon failure would result in a material loss of revenue, profit, or franchise value or (iii) operations, including associated services, functions and support, as applicable, the failure or discontinuance of which would pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States. For example, a notification incident may include a major computer-system failure a cyber-related interruption, such as a distributed denial of service or ransomware attack or another type of significant operational interruption. 
 In March 2022, the SEC proposed rules that would require disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents, as well as cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. 
 Additional Legislative and Regulatory Matters 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act required each financial institution: (i) to establish an anti-money laundering program (ii) to 
 9 

establish due diligence policies, procedures and controls with respect to its private banking accounts involving foreign individuals and certain foreign banks and (iii) to avoid establishing, maintaining, administering or managing correspondent accounts in the United States for, or on behalf of, foreign banks that do not have a physical presence in any country. The USA PATRIOT Act also required the Secretary of the Treasury to prescribe by regulation minimum standards that financial institutions must follow to verify the identity of customers, both foreign and domestic, when a customer opens an account. In addition, the USA PATRIOT Act encouraged cooperation among financial institutions, regulatory authorities and law enforcement authorities with respect to individuals, entities and organizations engaged in, or reasonably suspected of engaging in, terrorist acts or money laundering activities. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley mandated for public companies, such as Uwharrie Capital Corp, a variety of reforms intended to address corporate and accounting fraud and provided for the establishment of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), which enforces auditing, quality control and independence standards for firms that audit SEC-reporting companies. Sarbanes-Oxley imposed higher standards for auditor independence and restricted the provision of consulting services by auditing firms to companies they audit and required that certain audit partners be rotated periodically. It also requires chief executive officers and chief financial officers, or their equivalents, to certify the accuracy of periodic reports filed with the SEC, subject to civil and criminal penalties if they knowingly or willfully violate this certification requirement, and increases the oversight and authority of audit committees of publicly traded companies. 
 Fiscal and Monetary Policy 
 Banking is a business which depends on interest rate differentials for success. In general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits and its other borrowings, and the interest received by a bank on its loans and securities holdings, constitutes the significant portion of a bank s earnings. Thus, our earnings and growth will be subject to the influence of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money through various means, including open market dealings in United States government securities, the discount rate at which banks may borrow from the Federal Reserve and the reserve requirements on deposits. The nature and timing of any changes in such policies and their effect on our business and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 Current and future legislation and the policies established by federal and state regulatory authorities will affect our future operations. Banking legislation and regulations may limit our growth and the return to investors by restricting certain of our activities. 
 In addition, capital requirements could be changed and have the effect of restricting the activities of the Company or requiring additional capital to be maintained. The Company cannot predict with certainty what changes, if any, will be made to existing federal and state legislation and regulations or the effect that such changes may have on our business and results of operations. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 The FHLB System consists of 12 district Federal Home Loan Banks FHLBs subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA ). The FHLBs provide a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. As a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, the Bank is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB of Atlanta. The Bank was in compliance with this requirement with investment in FHLB of Atlanta stock of 469,000 at December 31, 2022. The FHLB of Atlanta serves as a reserve or central bank for its member institutions within its assigned district. It is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System. It offers advances to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the FHFA and the Board of Directors of the FHLB of Atlanta. Long-term advances may only be made for the purpose of providing funds for residential housing finance, small businesses, small farms and small agribusinesses. 
 Real Estate Lending Evaluations 
 The federal regulators have adopted uniform standards for evaluations of loans secured by real estate or made to finance improvements to real estate. Banks are required to establish and maintain written internal real estate lending policies consistent with safe and sound banking practices and appropriate to the size of the institution and the nature and scope of its operations. The regulations establish loan to value ratio limitations on real estate loans. The Bank s loan policies establish limits on loan to value ratios that are equal to or less than those established in such regulations. 
 Commercial Real Estate Concentrations 
 Lending operations of commercial banks may be subject to enhanced scrutiny by federal banking regulators based on a bank s concentration of commercial real estate loans. The federal banking regulators have issued guidance to remind financial institutions of the risk posed by commercial real estate, or CRE, lending concentrations. CRE loans generally include land development, construction 
 10 

loans, and loans secured by multifamily property, and nonfarm, nonresidential real property where the primary source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property. The guidance prescribes the following guidelines for its examiners to help identify institutions that are potentially exposed to significant CRE risk and may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: 

total reported loans for construction, land development and other land C&D represent 100 or more of the institution s total capital or 

total CRE loans represent 300 or more of the institution s total capital, and the outstanding balance of the institution s CRE loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more. 

 As of December 31, 2022, our C&D concentration as a percentage of risk-based capital totaled 45.9 and our CRE concentration, net of owner-occupied loans, as a percentage of risk-based capital totaled 138.3 . 
 Limitations on Incentive Compensation 
 The Federal Reserve reviews incentive compensation arrangements of bank holding companies such as Uwharrie Capital Corp as part of the regular, risk-focused supervisory process. The federal banking agencies have also issued guidance designed to help ensure that incentive compensation policies at banking organizations do not encourage excessive risk-taking or undermine the safety and soundness of the banking organizations. The guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization s incentive compensation arrangements should (i) provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward and, thus, do not encourage risk-taking beyond the organization s ability to effectively identify and manage risks, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or perform other actions. The guidance provides that enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements or related risk-management control or governance processes pose a risk to the organization s safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 
 Economic Environment 
 The policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, have a significant effect on the operating results of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the means available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The Federal Reserve s monetary policies have materially affected the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The nature of future monetary policies and the effect of these policies on our business and earnings cannot be predicted. 
 Evolving Legislation and Regulatory Action 
 General . New laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations, including changes in interpretation or enforcement, could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. As a result, the overall financial impact on the Company and the Bank cannot be anticipated at this time. 
 Dodd-Frank Act. In 2009, many emergency government programs enacted in 2008 in response to the financial crisis and the recession slowed or wound down, and global regulatory and legislative focus generally moved to a second phase of broader regulatory reform and a restructuring of the entire financial regulatory system. The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law in 2010 and implements many new changes in the way financial and banking operations are regulated in the United States, including through the creation of a new resolution authority, mandating higher capital and liquidity requirements, requiring banks to pay increased fees to regulatory agencies and numerous other provisions intended to strengthen the financial services sector. The Dodd-Frank Act provided for the creation of the Financial Stability Oversight Council FSOC ), which is charged with overseeing and coordinating the efforts of the primary U.S. financial regulatory agencies (including the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the SEC) in establishing regulations to address systemic financial stability concerns. The Dodd-Frank Act also provided for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), a consumer financial services regulator. The CFPB is authorized to prevent unfair, deceptive and abusive practices and ensure that consumers have access to markets for consumer financial products and services and those markets are fair, transparent and competitive. 
 11 

Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act was signed into law. The Tax Act includes a number of provisions that impact the Company, including the following: 

Tax Rate . The Tax Act replaced the graduated corporate tax rates applicable under prior law, which imposed a maximum tax rate of 35 , with a reduced 21 flat tax rate. 

Employee Compensation . A publicly held corporation is not permitted to deduct compensation in excess of 1 million per year paid to certain employees. The Tax Act eliminates certain exceptions to the 1 million limit applicable under prior to law related to performance-based compensation, such as equity grants and cash bonuses that are paid only on the attainment of performance goals. 

Business Asset Expensing . The Tax Act allowed taxpayers to immediately expense the entire cost (instead of only 50 , as under prior law) of certain depreciable tangible property and real property improvements acquired and placed in service after September 27, 2017 and before January 1, 2023 (with an additional year for certain property). This 100 bonus depreciation is phased out proportionately for property placed in service on or after January 1, 2023 and before January 1, 2027 (with an additional year for certain property). 

Interest Expense . The Tax Act limited a taxpayer s annual deduction of business interest expense to the sum of (i) business interest income and (ii) 30 of adjusted taxable income, defined as a business s taxable income without taking into account business interest income or expense, net operating losses, and, for 2018 through 2021, depreciation, amortization and depletion. 

 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act . In 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA was signed into law, which amended provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and was intended to ease, and better tailor, regulation, particularly with respect to smaller-sized institutions such as the Company. EGRRCPA s highlights include, among other things: (i) exempting banks with less than 10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans held in portfolio (ii) not requiring appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than 400,000 in rural areas (iii) clarifying that, subject to various conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained using a deposit broker through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC s brokered-deposit regulations (iv) raising eligibility for the 18-month exam cycle from 1 billion to banks with 3 billion in assets and (v) simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to establish for institutions under 10 billion in assets a community bank leverage ratio (tangible equity to average consolidated assets) at a percentage not less than 8 and not greater than 10 that such institutions may elect to replace the general applicable risk-based capital requirements for determining well capitalized status. In 2019, the federal banking agencies passed a final rule on the community bank leverage ratio, setting the minimum required community bank leverage ratio at 9 . The rule went into effect in 2020. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board was required to raise the asset threshold under its Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from 1 billion to 3 billion for bank or savings and loan holding companies that are exempt from consolidated capital requirements, provided that such companies meet certain other conditions such as not engaging in significant nonbanking activities and not having a material amount of debt or equity securities outstanding (other than trust preferred securities) that are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Consistent with EGRRCPA, the Federal Reserve passed an interim final rule that became effective in 2018 to increase the asset threshold to 3 billion for qualifying for such policy statement. 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 In response to the Coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, was signed into law in March 2020, to provide national emergency economic relief measures. Many of the CARES Act s programs are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S. financial institutions, such as the Company and the Bank, and have been implemented through rules and guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Federal Reserve and other federal banking agencies, including those with direct supervisory jurisdiction over the Company and the Bank. Furthermore, as the COVID-19 pandemic evolves, federal regulatory authorities continue to issue additional guidance with respect to the implementation, lifecycle, and eligibility requirements for the various CARES Act programs as well as industry-specific recovery procedures for COVID-19. The Company continues to assess the impact of the CARES Act and other statutes, regulations and supervisory guidance related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Paycheck Protection Program. The CARES Act amended the SBA s loan program, in which the Bank participates, to create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, to fund operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the COVID-19 pandemic. As a participating lender in the PPP, the Bank continues to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related thereto. 
 12 

Troubled Debt Restructuring and Loan Modifications for Affected Borrowers. The CARES Act permits banks to suspend requirements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP , for loan modifications to borrowers affected by COVID-19 that would otherwise be characterized as troubled debt restructurings and suspend any determination related thereto if (i) the loan modification is made between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020 and (ii) the applicable loan was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. The federal banking agencies also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19 and to assure banks that they will not be criticized by examiners for doing so. The Company has appl ied this guidance to qualifying loan modifications during the applicable period . 
 Temporary Regulatory Capital Relief related to Impact of CECL. Concurrent with enactment of the CARES Act, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of the current expected credit loss model, or CECL, for determining credit loss estimates. The interim final rule provides banking organizations that implemented CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. The federal banking agencies have since issued a final rule that makes certain technical changes to the interim final rule. The changes in the final rule apply only to those banking organizations that elect the CECL transition relief provided under the rule. The Company did not implement CECL before the end of 2022. 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, or CAA, which was signed into law on December 27, 2020, continued many of the programs and provisions set forth by the CARES Act due to the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Paycheck Protection Program. The CAA reserved 284 billion for small business by establishing a second round of PPP forgivable loans, commonly referred to as PPP2 , for certain eligible borrowers. The second round of PPP allows for both first-time draws and second draw loans. To be eligible for a second draw, which is capped at 2 million, the borrower must (i) have 300 or fewer employees and (ii) have experienced a 25 or higher reduction in gross receipts during any calendar quarter in 2020 compared to the same quarter in 2019 and (iii) have used or will use the full amount of their first PPP loan. The application window opened January 15, 2021 for lenders with 1 billion or less in assets and ended on May 31, 2021. The Bank also participated as a lender in the second round of PPP. 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring and Loan Modifications for Affected Borrowers. The CAA extends the expiration of TDR classification suspensions as provided by the CARES Act. The applicable period was updated to include loan modifications made during the period beginning March 1, 2020 and ending on the earlier of (i) January 1, 2022 or (ii) 60 days after the date when the national emergency concerning COVID-19 terminates. The Company elected to adopt this suspension until January 1, 2022. 
 Future Legislation 
 The Company cannot predict what legislation might be enacted or what regulations might be adopted, or if enacted or adopted, the effect thereof on the Company s operations. 

13 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 

 Item not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

 Item not required for non-accelerated filers. 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 

 The Company s executive and administrative offices are located at 132 North First Street, Albemarle, North Carolina, where the Company owns a three-building complex located at 130-134 North First Street in Albemarle. This complex houses the Company s offices and meeting rooms and is also the location of the Bank s subsidiary, Strategic Alliance. 
 The Bank s Main Office has been located at 167 North Second Street, Albemarle, North Carolina since it opened in 1984. The Bank s credit administration offices and portion of its lending offices occupy an adjoining building, purchased in 1991. The Bank owns a commercial building which houses some of its operations offices and parking lot adjacent to its Main Office. During 2009, the Bank acquired property in downtown Albemarle for future expansion. 
 The Bank owns its other banking locations at 710 North First Street, which houses the Village Branch, and its East Albemarle Branch at 800 Highway 24-27 Bypass, both located in Albemarle. It also owns a branch office located at 107 South Main Street in Norwood, North Carolina and a branch located at 416 West Main Street in Locust, North Carolina. The Bank leases its branch office at 224 North Main Street in Oakboro, North Carolina. 
 In Cabarrus County, the Bank owns a full-service branch office located at 25 Palaside Drive, N.E., Concord, North Carolina and leases its branch office at 1490 South Main Street, Mt. Pleasant, North Carolina. The Bank owns an office at 700 North Church Street in Concord, North Carolina where it previously provided banking services, which currently serves as a loan production office. 
 In Anson County, the Bank owns its banking facility located at 211 South Greene Street, Wadesboro, North Carolina and also owns an ATM site at 426 East Caswell Street, Wadesboro, North Carolina. In 2006, the Bank purchased a lot in Anson County for a future branch location. 
 In Mecklenburg County, the Bank leases its loan production office located at 141 Providence Road, Charlotte, North Carolina and leases its banking facility located at 5231 Piper Station Drive, Suite 100, Charlotte, NC 28277. 
 The Bank leases an additional wealth advisory office in Asheboro, North Carolina located at 220 Sunset Avenue. 
 All of the Bank s existing offices are fully equipped and have adequate parking and drive-up banking facilities, with the exception of the Bank s loan production offices, the Main Office in Albemarle, and the banking facility in Charlotte, which do not have drive-up facilities. 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 

 In the ordinary course of operations, the Company and the Bank are at times involved in legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, as of December 31, 2022 there are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, is a party, or of which any of their property is the subject. 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not applicable. 
 14 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market Information 
 It is the philosophy of Uwharrie Capital Corp to promote a strong base of local shareholders. While bid and ask prices for the Company s common stock are quoted on the OTCQX Best Market through www.otcmarkets.com, operated by OTC Market Groups, Inc. and under the symbol UWHR, trading is limited and sporadic with most trades taking place in privately negotiated transactions. Any over-the-counter market quotations of the Company s common stock reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Management makes every reasonable effort to match willing buyers with willing sellers as they become known for the purpose of private negotiations for the purchase and sale of the Company s common stock. The Company has an independent valuation of its common stock performed on an annual basis and makes this valuation available to interested shareholders in order to promote fairness and market efficiency in privately negotiated transactions. 
 Holders 
 On February 16, 2023, there were approximately 2,554 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock. This number does not include shareholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 
 Dividends 
 There were no cash dividends declared on the Company s common stock in 2022 or 2021. The timing and amount of cash dividends paid, if any, depends on the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors. See Payment of Dividends and Other Restrictions under Item 1 of this Report for more information on restrictions on the Company s ability to declare and pay dividends. The Company can offer no assurance that the board of directors will declare or pay cash dividends in any future period. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 of this Report for disclosure regarding securities authorized for issuance and equity compensation plans required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during each of the three months in the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022. 

(a) Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 

(b) Average 
 Price Paid per 
 Share 

(c) Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or Program (1) 

(d) Maximum 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be 
 Purchased Under 
 the Plans 

October 1, 2022 Through October 31, 2022 

13,659 

6.95 

November 1, 2022 Through November 30, 2022 

10,787 

7.64 

December 1, 2022 Through December 31, 2022 

641 

7.79 

Total 

25,087 

7.27 

(1) 
 
 Trades of the Company s common stock occur in the Over-the-Counter market from time to time. The Company also has in place a Stock Repurchase Plan that provides liquidity to its shareholders in the event a willing buyer is not available to purchase shares that are offered for sale. The Company is under no obligation to purchase shares offered however, it will accommodate such offers as its Stock Repurchase Plan allows. 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved]. 

 15 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

 A discussion and analysis of the Company s operating results and financial condition are presented in the following narrative and financial tables. The comments are intended to supplement and should be reviewed in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing on pages F-8 through F-52 of this Annual Report. References to changes in assets and liabilities represent end-of-period balances unless otherwise noted. Statements contained in this Annual Report, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Amounts herein could vary because of market and other factors. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, factors discussed in documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission periodically. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of such words as believe, expect, anticipate, should, might, planned, estimated, potential, and similar words. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, estimates with respect to the financial condition, expected or anticipated revenue, results of operations and business of the Company that are subject to various factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from these estimates. These factors include, but are not limited to: the impacts of global health crises and pandemics, such as the Coronavirus disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, on trade (including supply chains and export levels), travel, employee productivity and other economic activities that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets, economic activity, and customer behavior declines in general economic conditions, including increased stress in the financial markets due to COVID-19 or other factors changes in interest rates, deposit flows, loan demand, real estate values, and competition changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines changes in legislation or regulation and other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, and technological factors affecting the Company s operations, pricing, products and services. Any use of we or our in the following discussion refers to the Company on a consolidated basis. 
 Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 The Company s total assets increased 79.8 million from 939.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 1.02 billion at December 31, 2022. Cash and cash equivalents increased 20.2 million during the same period. This rise in total assets is related to continued customer deposit growth which served to fund a significant increase in our loans held for investment portfolio during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Investment securities consist of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. Total investment securities decreased 6.1 million, or 1.7 , from 361.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 355.0 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had unrealized losses on securities available for sale of 41.3 million, compared to net unrealized losses of 1.5 million at December 31, 2021. The significant decline in fair value is directly related to the increase in market interest rates at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, as the U.S. Treasury yield curve reacted to substantial increases in the federal funds rate by the Federal Reserve. 
 During 2022, the unrealized gain on equity securities decreased by 100,000, resulting in a fair value of 292,000 at December 31, 2022, compared to a fair value of 392,000 at December 31, 2021. 
 Loans held for investment increased 77.1 million, or 18.3 , from 420.8 million at December 31, 2021 to 497.9 million at December 31, 2022. The Company experienced net growth in all loans sectors with the exception of real estate 1-4 family construction and SBA PPP loans. SBA PPP loans were issued during 2020 and 2021 as a result of the federal government s response to helping small businesses due to COVID-related issues. These loans are unsecured commercial loans, but are 100 guaranteed by the SBA if the loans comply with PPP requirements. Most of the SBA loans made have been paid off or forgiven by the SBA leaving only 545,000 outstanding. Loans held for sale decreased 87.2 , or 18.9 million, as mortgage loan production slowed drastically during 2022 in response to a rising interest rate environment. 
 The allowance for loan losses was 2.3 million at December 31, 2022, which represents 0.46 of the total loans held for investment, a decrease of 43.1 from December 31, 2021. Additional discussion regarding the decrease in the allowance is included in the Asset Quality section below. 
 Other changes in consolidated assets are primarily related to deferred tax assets, which increased 9.0 million from 1.7 million as of December 31, 2021 to 10.7 million at December 31, 2022 as a result of the significant decline in value of the available for sale securities portfolio. 
 Customer deposits, our primary funding source, experienced a 103.1 million increase during the year, increasing from 836.8 million to 939.9 million at December 31, 2022, a 12.3 increase. In addition to receipt of government grant funding by some depositors, a large portion of this increase is related to the overall growth in the number of deposit accounts and relationship sizes. As the Bank operates in a primarily rural market, many competitors have exited the markets where we remain, which has driven deposit growth in our current markets. Demand noninterest-bearing checking accounts increased 22.5 million, interest checking and money market 
 16 

accounts increased by 63.6 million and savings deposits increased 960,000 during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 202 2 . Time deposits in creased 1 6 .1 million during the same period as customers took advantage of higher rates offered on promotional time deposit products . 
 During 2022, the Company s net borrowings increased by 40,000. Borrowings consist of both short-term and long-term borrowed funds. The Company utilizes both short-term and long-term advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding advances. Short-term borrowings consisted of 1.0 million in master notes, and long-term borrowings consisted solely of junior subordinated debt securities totaling 29.6 million, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, at December 31, 2022. During the third quarter of 2019, the Company issued 10.0 million in subordinated debt securities with a final maturity date of September 30, 2029 that may be redeemed on or after September 30, 2024. This junior subordinated debt pays interest quarterly at an annual fixed rate of 5.25 . During the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued 12.0 million and 8.0 million of 10-year and 15-year fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt securities, respectively. The 10-year subordinated notes mature on September 3, 2031, though redeemable on or after September 3, 2026, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of 3.5 . From and including September 3, 2026 to but excluding September 3, 2031, or up to an early redemption date, the interest rate on the 10-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, plus 283 basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The 15-year subordinated notes mature on September 3, 2036, though redeemable on or after September 3, 2031, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of 4.0 . From and including September 3, 2031 to but excluding September 3, 2036, or up to an early redemption date, the interest rate on the 15-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus 292 basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The subordinated debt has been structured to qualify as and is included in the calculation of the Company s Tier 2 capital. The Company also has a 3.0 million line of credit of which 3.0 million was available to use at December 31, 2022. 
 The valuation of mortgage banking derivatives depreciated 1.4 million, decreasing the asset position by 1.3 million and increasing the liability position by 125,000 during 2022. As rates rise, the value of mandatory mortgage forward sales commitments deteriorate, and the price required to exit out of the commitment decreases. Additionally, the value associated with Interest Rate Lock Commitments IRLCs has depreciated to a liability position as market rates began to exceed interest rates committed to borrowers. 
 At December 31, 2022, total shareholders equity was 37.4 million, a decrease of 23.4 million from December 31, 2021. This decline is a result of unrealized losses on investment securities, net of tax, increasing by 30.6 million as the yield curve continues to steepen. Net income for the period was 8.2 million. The Company repurchased 55,982 outstanding shares of common stock at an aggregate repurchase price of 451,000. The Company also paid 565,000 in dividends attributed to noncontrolling interest. See Note 1 (Significant Accounting Policies) to the Company s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of the noncontrolling interest. At December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiary bank exceeded all applicable regulatory capital requirements. 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Earnings 
 Uwharrie Capital Corp reported net income of 8.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 10.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.8 million. Net income available to common shareholders was 7.7 million, or 1.08 per common share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income available to common shareholders of 9.5 million, or 1.29 per common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income available to common shareholders is net income less any dividends paid on the aforementioned noncontrolling interest. 
 Net Interest Income 
 As with most financial institutions, the primary component of earnings for our subsidiary bank is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income, principally from the loan and investment securities portfolios, and interest expense, principally on customer deposits and wholesale borrowings. Changes in net interest income result from changes in volume, spread and margin. For this purpose, volume refers to the average dollar level of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, spread refers to the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and margin refers to net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Margin is influenced by the level and relative mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as levels of noninterest bearing liabilities and capital. 
 Net interest income increased 1.7 million to a total of 27.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from the 26.1 million earned in the same period of 2021. The average yield on our interest-earning assets decreased 5 basis points to 3.37 , while the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities increased 29 basis points. These changes resulted in a net decrease of 34 basis points in our interest rate spread, from 3.14 in 2021 to 2.80 in 2022. Our net interest margin for 2022 was 2.97 , compared to 
 17 

3. 23 in 202 1 . As a part of the loan agreements, a portion of the Company s loan portfolio has interest rate floors and caps. The interest rate floor feature allows the Company to maintain a more favorable interest margin despite a decline in rates however, the interest rate cap could hurt the margin in a rising rate environment. Financial Table 1 presents a detailed analysis of the components of the Company s net interest income, while Financial Table 2 summarizes the effects on net interest income from changes in interest rates and in the dollar volume of the components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Financial Table 1 and Table 2, as well other Financial Tables referenced here appear at the end of this discussion and analysis. 
 Recovery of Loan Losses 
 The recovery of loan losses was 1.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to a recovery of 917,000 for the same period in 2021. There were net loan recoveries of 23,000 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net loan recoveries of 541,000 during the same period of 2021. Refer to the Asset Quality section below for further information. 
 Noninterest Income 
 The Company generates most of its revenue from net interest income however, diversification of our earnings base is a key strategic initiative to our long-term success. Noninterest income decreased 46.5 , from 18.9 million in 2021, to 10.1 million in 2022, a decrease of 8.8 million. The primary factor contributing to the overall decline in noninterest income was a decrease of 7.9 million in income from mortgage banking. This decrease is due to the significant reduction in production, primarily mortgage refinancing activity, as interest rates rose steadily during 2022. The gain on sale of securities decreased by 1.1 million to a loss of 91,000 at December 31, 2022, compared to a gain of 991,000 at December 31, 2021 as the Company worked during 2021 to reduce duration of the investment portfolio in an attempt to protect capital as long-term interest rates rose. Negative market adjustments of supplemental executive retirement plans contributed 1.2 million to the reduction in total noninterest income. Income from bank owned life insurance increased 1.0 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from insurance proceeds received due to the death of an insured retired executive. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 29.7 million compared to 33.1 million for 2021, a decrease of 3.4 million. Salaries and employee benefits, the largest component of noninterest expense, decreased 2.0 million, from 21.6 million for the period ending December 31, 2021 to 19.7 million for 2022 due to decreased commissions from reduced production in the mortgage division. Negative market adjustments of supplemental executive retirement plans contributed 1.2 million to the reduction in total noninterest expense. Financial Table 5 reflects the additional breakdown of other noninterest expense. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The Company had income tax expense of 1.7 million for 2022 at an effective tax rate of 17.13 compared to income tax expense of 2.8 million in 2021 with an effective tax rate of 21.51 . Income taxes computed at the statutory rate are affected primarily by the eligible amount of interest earned on state and municipal securities, tax-free municipal loans and income earned on bank owned life insurance. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the effective tax rate decreased due to proceeds received from the payout of a bank owned life insurance policy. 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 Results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022. 
 18 

Asset Quality 
 The Company s allowance for loan losses is established through charges to earnings in the form of a provision for loan losses. The allowance is increased by provisions charged to operations and recoveries of amounts previously charged off and is reduced by recovery of provisions and loans charged off. Management continuously evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. In evaluating the 
 adequacy of the allowance, management considers the following: the growth, composition and industry diversification of the portfolio historical loan loss experience current delinquency levels adverse situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay estimated value of any underlying collateral prevailing economic conditions and other relevant factors. The Company s credit administration function, through a review process, periodically validates the accuracy of the initial risk grade assessment. In addition, as a given loan s credit quality improves or deteriorates, the credit administration department has the responsibility to change the borrower s risk grade accordingly. For loans determined to be impaired, the allowance is based on either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price, or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral less the selling costs. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates, including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans, which may be susceptible to significant change. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the allowance for loan losses and may require additions for estimated losses based upon judgments different from those of management. 
 Management uses a risk-grading program designed to evaluate the credit risk in the loan portfolio. In this program, risk grades are initially assigned by loan officers then reviewed and monitored by credit administration. This process includes the maintenance of an internally classified loan list that is designed to help management assess the overall quality of the loan portfolio and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. In establishing the appropriate classification for specific assets, management considers, among other factors, the estimated value of the underlying collateral, the borrower s ability to repay, the borrower s payment history, and the current delinquent status. Because of this process, certain loans are deemed to be impaired and evaluated as an impaired loan. 
 The portion of the Company s allowance for loan loss model related to general reserves captures the mean loss of individual loans within the loan portfolio and adds additional loss based on economic uncertainty and specific indicators of potential issues in the market. Specifically, the Company calculates probable losses on loans by computing a probability of loss and multiplying that by a loss given default derived from historical experience. An additional calculation based on economic uncertainty is added to the probable losses, thus deriving the estimated loss scenario by FDIC call report codes. Together, these expected components, as well as a reserve for qualitative factors based on current economic conditions determined at management s discretion, form the basis of the allowance model. The loans that are impaired and included in the specific reserve are excluded from these calculations. 
 The Company assesses the probability of losses inherent in the loan portfolio using probability of default data derived from the Company s internal historical data, representing a one-year loss horizon for each obligor. Credit scores are used within the model to determine the probability of default. The Company updates the credit scores for individuals that either have a loan, or are financially responsible for the loan, semi-annually, during the first and third quarters. During 2022, the average effective credit score of the portfolio, excluding loans in default, increased slightly from 767 to 771. The probability of default associated with each credit score is a major driver in the allowance for loan losses. 
 The allowance for loan losses represents management s best estimate of an appropriate amount to provide for probable credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio in the normal course of business. While management believes that it uses the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary and results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ from the assumptions used in making the determinations. Furthermore, while management believes it has established the allowance for loan losses in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, there can be no assurance that banking regulators, in reviewing the Company s portfolio, will not require an adjustment to the allowance for loan losses. In addition, because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate or that increases will not be necessary, should the quality of any loans deteriorate because of the factors discussed herein. Unexpected global events, such as the unprecedented economic disruption due to COVID-19, are the type of future events that often cause material adjustments to the allowance to be necessary. Any material increase in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations and the value of its securities. 
 At December 31, 2022, the levels of our impaired loans, which includes all loans in non-accrual status, TDRs, and other loans deemed by management to be impaired, were 3.1 million, compared to 4.7 million at December 31, 2021, a net decrease of 1.6 million. The decrease is related to two large impaired loans paying off during 2022. Total non-accrual loans decreased from 972,000 at December 31, 2021 to 399,000 at December 31, 2022. During 2022, four loans totaling 783,000 were added to impaired loans however, eleven loans totaling 2.3 million were paid off. We also received net pay downs of 154,000. 
 19 

The allowance, expressed as a percentage of gross loans held for investment, de creased fifty basis points from 0.9 6 at December 31, 202 1 to 0. 4 6 at December 31, 202 2 . The collectively evaluated allowance as a percentage of coll ectively evaluated loans was 0.92 at December 31, 2021, compared to 0.43 at December 31, 202 2 . The decrease is attributable to c ontinued improvement in probability of defaults of the portfolio as impacted by external economic factors. In December 2019, prior to the global COVID-19 pandemic, our collectively evaluated allowance as a percentage of collectively evaluated loans was 0.55 . Due to COVID-19 impacts to the global economy and the uncertainty within our economic markets, our allowance for loan loss model indicated a need for additional reserves due to external factors that are more likely to indicate losses for the loan portfolio. By the end of 2020, the collectively evaluated allowance as a percentage of collectively evaluated loans increased to 0.94 . The model results as of December 31 , 2022 reflect the Company s risk in the loan portfolio based on economic indicators of default applicable to our loan portfolio, primarily associated with NC unemployment and the NC-Charlotte region Case Shiller index. Sign s of asset quality improvements support reduced reserves as impaired loans fell to an all-time low of 2.9 million and non-accrual loans fell to their all-time low of 201 ,000 during the third quarter of 2022 . The individually evaluated allowance as a percentage of individually evaluated loans increased from 4.54 to 5.6 4 for the same periods, mainly due to the payoff of one large relationship with small reserves associated due to changes in collateral values . 
 The ratio of nonperforming loans, which consists of non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days and still accruing, to total loans decreased from 0.23 at December 31, 2021 to 0.08 at December 31, 2022, and was related to six non-accrual relationships that were paid off during 2022. 
 Troubled debt restructured loans, included in impaired loans, totaled 2.8 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.8 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, there were two troubled debt restructured loan in non-accrual status with balances totaling 52,000. 
 Other real estate owned remained at 0 through December 31, 2022, as there were no loans foreclosed during the year. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management believed the level of the allowance for loan losses was appropriate in light of the risk inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 The following table shows the comparison of nonperforming assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Nonperforming Assets 

(dollars in thousands) 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Nonperforming Assets: 

Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 

Non-accrual loans 

399 

972 

Other real estate owned 

Total nonperforming assets 

399 

972 

Allowance for loan losses 

2,290 

4,026 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.08 

0.23 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans 

0.46 

0.96 

Allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans 

573.93 

414.20 

20 

Capital Resources 
 The Company continues to maintain capital ratios intended to support its asset growth. The federal bank regulatory agencies have implemented regulatory capital rules known as Basel III. The Basel III rules require a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets minimum ratio of 4.50 , a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.00 , a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.00 , and a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.00 . There is also a capital conservation buffer that requires banks to hold common equity Tier 1 capital in excess of minimum risk-based capital ratios by at least 2.5 to avoid limits on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers and similar employees. The Company s accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, resulting from unrealized gains and losses, net of income tax, on investment securities available for sale, is excluded from regulatory capital. 
 The phase-in period for the rules became effective for the Company and its subsidiary bank on January 1, 2015, with full compliance of all the rules requirements phased in over a multi-year schedule, becoming fully phased-in on January 1, 2019. Pursuant to the Federal Reserve s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, the Company is exempt from Basel III. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiary bank continue to exceed minimum capital standards and remain well-capitalized under applicable capital adequacy rules. 
 In January 2013, the Company s subsidiary bank issued 7.9 million of Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B. The preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital at the bank and pays dividends at a rate of 5.30 . The offering raised 7.9 million less issuance costs of 113,000. 
 During the third quarter of 2013, the Company s subsidiary bank raised an additional 2.8 million of Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C. The preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital at the bank and pays dividends at an annual rate of 5.30 . The preferred stock has no voting rights. The offering raised net proceeds of 2.8 million less issuance costs of 23,000. 
 During the third quarter of 2019, the Company conducted a private placement offering of fixed rate junior subordinated debt securities at 1,000 per security with a required minimum investment of 50,000. The offering raised 10.0 million, of which the entire 10.0 million was outstanding at December 31, 2022. These securities have a final maturity date of September 30, 2029 and may be redeemed by the Company after September 30, 2024. The junior subordinated debt pays interest quarterly at an annual fixed rate of 5.25 . All proceeds of this private placement qualify and are included in the calculation of Tier 2 capital. Once the final maturity drops under five years, the Company must impose a twenty percent annual reduction per year of the amount of the proceeds from the sale of these securities that are eligible to be counted as Tier 2 capital. The Company will have a twenty percent reduction beginning at September 30, 2024. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued 12.0 million and 8.0 million of 10-year and 15-year fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt securities, respectively. The 10-year subordinated notes mature on September 3, 2031 and are redeemable on or after September 3, 2026, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of 3.5 . From and including September 3, 2026 to but excluding September 3, 2031, or up to an early redemption date, the interest rate on the 10-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus 283 basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The 15-year subordinated notes mature on September 3, 2036, though redeemable on or after September 3, 2031, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of 4.0 . From and including September 3, 2031 to but excluding September 3, 2036, or up to an early redemption date, the interest rate on the 15-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus 292 basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The subordinated debt has been structured to qualify as and is included in the calculation of the Company s Tier 2 capital. Once the remaining term to maturity drops under five years, the Company must impose a twenty percent annual reduction per year of the amount of the proceeds from the sale of these securities that are eligible to be counted as Tier 2 capital. The Company will have a twenty percent reduction beginning at September 3, 2026 and September 3, 2031 for the 10-year and 15-year subordinated notes, respectively. 
 Proceeds of the Company s aforementioned securities that have been invested in its subsidiary bank qualify for Tier 1 capital treatment for the Bank and are included as such in its year end capital ratios. 
 The Company expects to continue to exceed required minimum capital ratios without altering current operations or strategy. Note 15 (Shareholders Equity and Regulatory Matters) to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements presents additional information regarding the Company s and its subsidiary bank s capital ratios. 
 21 

Dividends 
 The Board of Directors of Uwharrie Capital Corp declared a 2.5 stock dividend in 2022, a 3 stock dividend in 2021 and a 2 stock dividend in 2020. All references in this Annual Report to net income per share and weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding reflect the effects of these stock dividends. 
 Liquidity 
 The objective of the Company s liquidity management policy is to ensure the availability of sufficient cash flows to meet all financial commitments and to capitalize on any opportunities for expansion. Liquidity management addresses the ability to meet deposit withdrawals on demand or at contractual maturity, to repay borrowings as they mature and to fund new loans and investments as opportunities arise. Liquidity is managed primarily by the selection of asset mix and the maturity mix of liabilities. The Company s primary sources of internally generated funds are principal and interest payments on loans, cash flows generated from operations and cash flow generated by investments. Maturities and the marketability of securities provide a source of liquidity to meet deposit fluctuations. Maturities of the securities portfolio are presented in Financial Table 3. Growth in deposits is typically the primary source of funds for loan growth. The Company and its subsidiary bank have multiple funding sources, in addition to deposits, that can be used to increase liquidity and provide additional financial flexibility. At December 31, 2022, these sources are the subsidiary bank s established federal funds lines with correspondent banks aggregating 38.0 million, with available credit of 38.0 million an established borrowing relationship with the Federal Home Loan Bank, with available credit of 129.2 million access to borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank discount window, with available credit of 17.5 million and the issuance of commercial paper. The Company also has a 3.0 million line of credit with TIB The Independent BankersBank, N.A. The line is secured with 100 of the outstanding common shares of the Company s subsidiary bank. As of December 31, 2022, 3.0 million remains available for use on the line of credit. 
 At December 31, 2022, short-term borrowings amounted to 1.0 million. Long-term debt at that date consisted solely of 29.6 million of junior subordinated debt. Other contractual obligations of the Company exist in the form of operating leases and deposits. Obligations for operating leases and deposits totaled 2.0 million and 939.9 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. Note 8 (Leases) and Note 9 (Deposits) to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements provide additional information, including maturities, regarding these obligations. 
 The Company has various financial instruments (outstanding commitments) with off-balance sheet risk that are issued in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. See Note 13 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the Company s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding these commitments and contingent liabilities. 
 Management believes that the Company s current sources of funds provide adequate liquidity for its current cash flow needs. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 A critical accounting policy is one that is both very important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. What makes these judgments difficult, subjective and/or complex is the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Refer to Note 1 (Significant Accounting Policies) in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about these and other accounting policies utilized by the Company. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses represents management s best estimate of the losses that are inherent in the loan portfolio but have not yet been charged-off. The allowance is a critical accounting estimate in the financial statements as it provides, by reference, an indication of the quality of the loan portfolio. Estimating credit losses is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. Additional measurement uncertainty in the estimate is due, in part, to the large amount of data evaluated, the long-term nature of the underlying assets and the analysis of economic indicators. Regulatory examiners may require the Company to recognize adjustments to the allowance for loan losses based on their judgement about information available to them at the time of their assessment. 
 On a regular basis, the allowance for loan losses is evaluated both individually and collectively by loan class. Homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated by loan class for impairment. However, once a loan is deemed impaired, it is evaluated individually for specific impairment. Appropriately dividing the loan portfolio into different segments with similar risk characteristics aids in providing a more accurate estimation of the portfolio s loss. The Company s methodology for estimating loan losses is well documented and supported by internal controls, and validation of the process is performed on a recurring basis. 
 22 

Loan Servicing Asset s 
 The Company capitalizes mortgage and U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) loan servicing rights when loans are sold and the loan servicing is retained. Servicing revenue is recognized in the statement of income as a component of other noninterest income. The amortization of servicing rights is realized over the estimated period that net servicing revenues are expected to be received. Essential assumptions used to value the loan servicing rights include prepayment speeds, discount rates and costs to service the loan. Servicing assets are periodically evaluated for impairment based upon their fair value, and any resulting impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance and charged to other expense. An unrelated third party performs a quarterly valuation of the Company s Fannie Mae Mortgage Servicing Rights. Significant judgement is required to estimate the value of servicing rights due to the nature and variety of assumptions used. As such, changes in assumptions could materially affect the estimated value of loan servicing assets. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Net Interest Income (Margin) is the single largest component of revenue for the Company. Net Interest Margin is the difference between the yield on earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The margin can vary over time as interest rates change. The variance fluctuates based on both the timing (repricing) and magnitude of maturing assets and liabilities. 
 To identify interest rate sensitivity, a common measure is a gap analysis, which reflects the difference or gap between rate sensitive assets and liabilities over various periods. While management reviews this information, it has implemented the use of an income simulation model, which calculates expected future Net Interest Income (Margin) based on projected interest-earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and forecasted interest rates along with multiple other forecasted assumptions. Management believes this provides a more relevant view of interest rate risk sensitivity than the traditional gap analysis because the gap analysis ignores optionality embedded in the balance sheet, such as prepayments or changes based on interest rates. The income simulation model allows a comparison of flat, rising and falling rate scenarios to determine the interest rate sensitivity of earnings in varying interest rate environments. 
 The Company models immediate rising and declining rate shocks of up to 4 (in 1 intervals) on its subsidiary bank, using a static balance sheet for a two-year horizon, as preferred by regulators. The most recent consolidated 2 rate shock projections for a one-year horizon, indicates a negative impact of (0.42 on Margin in a rates-down scenario and a positive impact of 1.72 on Margin in a rates-up scenario. Based on the most recent twelve-month forecast, the subsidiary bank is asset-sensitive and may experience some negative impact to earnings should interest rates decline. The subsidiary bank has the potential to benefit from a rising interest rate environment, but current market deposit pricing and embedded options in the balance sheet may limit the upside potential. 
 The principal goals for asset liability management for the Company are to maintain adequate levels and sources of liquidity and to manage interest rate risk. Interest rate risk management attempts to balance the effects of interest rate changes on both interest-sensitive assets and interest-sensitive liabilities to protect Margin from wide fluctuations as a result of changes in market interest rates. To that end, management has recommended and the Board of Directors has approved policy limits that minimize the downside risk from interest rate shifts. The aforementioned ratios are within those stated limits of -18 for the respective modeled scenarios at the subsidiary bank and combined. Managing interest rate risk is an important factor to the long-term viability of the Company since Margin is such a large component of earnings. The Company s Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) monitors market changes in interest rates and assists with the pricing of loans and deposit products while considering the funding source needs, asset growth projections, and necessary operating liquidity. 
 23 

Financial Table 1 
 Average Balances and Net Interest Income Analysis 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Interest 

Average 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income/ 

Yield/ 

Average 

Income 

Yield 

(dollars in thousands) 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate (1) 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate (1) 

Balance 

Expense 

Rate (1) 

Interest-earning assets 

Taxable securities 

285,020 

5,984 

2.10 

216,345 

3,152 

1.46 

130,640 

2,570 

1.97 

Non-taxable securities (1) 

67,952 

1,524 

2.71 

49,207 

1,148 

2.97 

26,427 

732 

3.57 

Short-term investments 

125,766 

2,401 

1.91 

97,244 

144 

0.15 

103,167 

640 

0.62 

Equity Securities 

355 

20 

5.63 

485 

20 

4.12 

950 

51 

5.37 

Taxable loans (2) 

460,471 

21,382 

4.64 

447,904 

22,956 

5.13 

424,768 

19,812 

4.66 

Non-taxable loans (1) 

11,147 

251 

2.72 

7,562 

211 

3.55 

9,756 

270 

3.57 

Total interest-earning assets 

950,711 

31,562 

3.37 

818,747 

27,631 

3.42 

695,708 

24,075 

3.50 

Non-earning assets 

Cash and due from banks 

5,040 

3,708 

3,718 

Premises and equipment, net 

15,379 

16,506 

16,766 

Interest receivable and other 

30,406 

23,970 

21,868 

Total non-earning assets 

50,825 

44,184 

42,352 

Total assets 

1,001,536 

862,931 

738,060 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Savings deposits 

107,908 

119 

0.11 

87,878 

65 

0.07 

65,671 

62 

0.09 

Interest checking & MMDA 

458,869 

1,892 

0.41 

375,425 

401 

0.11 

331,809 

716 

0.22 

Time deposits 

70,511 

452 

0.64 

71,946 

272 

0.38 

78,447 

897 

1.14 

Total deposits 

637,288 

2,463 

0.39 

535,249 

738 

0.14 

475,927 

1,675 

0.35 

Short-term borrowed funds 

1,110 

10 

0.90 

1,289 

4 

0.31 

534 

2 

0.37 

Long-term debt 

29,560 

1,349 

4.56 

16,946 

800 

4.72 

10,846 

566 

5.22 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

667,958 

3,822 

0.57 

553,484 

1,542 

0.28 

487,307 

2,243 

0.46 

Noninterest liabilities 

Transaction deposits 

278,865 

236,048 

187,261 

Interest payable and other 

11,197 

12,978 

10,760 

Total liabilities 

958,020 

802,510 

685,328 

Shareholders equity 

43,516 

60,421 

52,732 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

1,001,536 

862,931 

738,060 

Interest rate spread 

2.80 

3.14 

3.04 

Net interest income and net interest 
 margin 

27,740 

2.97 

26,089 

3.23 

21,832 

3.18 

(1) 
 
 Yields related to securities and loans exempt from federal and/or state income taxes are stated on a fully tax-equivalent basis, assuming a 21.00 tax rate for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) 
 
 Non-accrual loans are included in loans, net of unearned income. 

 24 

Financial Table 2 
 Volume and Rate Variance Analysis 

2022 Versus 2021 

2021 Versus 2020 

Net 

Net 

(dollars in thousands) 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Volume 

Rate 

Change 

Interest-earning assets 

Taxable securities 

1,221 

1,611 

2,832 

1,467 

(885 

582 

Non-taxable securities 

429 

(53 

376 

581 

(165 

416 

Short-term investments 

293 

1,964 

2,257 

(23 

(472 

(495 

Equity securities 

(6 

6 

(22 

(9 

(31 

Taxable loans 

614 

(2,188 

(1,574 

1,132 

2,012 

3,144 

Non-taxable loans 

90 

(50 

40 

(61 

2 

(59 

Total interest-earning assets 

2,641 

1,290 

3,931 

3,074 

483 

3,557 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Savings deposits 

18 

36 

54 

19 

(16 

3 

Transaction and MMDA deposits 

217 

1,274 

1,491 

70 

(385 

(315 

Other time deposits 

(7 

187 

180 

(49 

(576 

(625 

Short-term borrowed funds 

(1 

7 

6 

3 

(1 

2 

Long-term debt 

586 

(37 

549 

297 

(82 

215 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

813 

1,467 

2,280 

340 

(1,060 

(720 

Net interest income 

1,828 

(177 

1,651 

2,734 

1,543 

4,277 

The above table analyzes the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The table distinguishes between (i) changes attributable to volume (changes in volume multiplied by the prior period s rate), (ii) changes attributable to rate (changes in rate multiplied by the prior period s volume), and (iii) net change (the sum of the previous columns). The change attributable to both rate and volume (changes in rate multiplied by changes in volume) has been allocated equally to the change attributable to volume and the change attributable to rate. 
 25 

Financial Table 3 
 Weighted Average Yield on Investments Securities 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average Yield (1) 

Average Yield (1) 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. Treasury 

Due after one but within five years 

3.55 

Due after five but within ten years 

1.24 

1.24 

2.44 

1.24 

U.S. Government agencies 

Due within twelve months 

1.80 

Due after one but within five years 

2.61 

1.93 

Due after five but within ten years 

3.76 

0.83 

Due after ten years 

4.33 

0.94 

3.99 

1.04 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Due after one but within five years 

3.50 

3.40 

Due after five but within ten years 

1.79 

1.24 

Due after ten years 

2.19 

1.16 

2.19 

1.29 

Asset-backed securities 

Due after ten years 

5.33 

1.12 

5.33 

1.12 

State and political 

Due within twelve months 

4.50 

4.50 

Due after one but within five years 

2.36 

2.73 

Due after five but within ten years 

2.71 

1.99 

Due after ten years 

1.98 

1.82 

2.07 

1.85 

Corporate Bonds 

Due within twelve months 

2.98 

Due after one but within five years 

2.10 

1.68 

Due after five but within ten years 

3.13 

2.00 

2.44 

2.00 

Total Securities available for sale 

Due within twelve months 

4.50 

2.23 

Due after one but within five years 

3.34 

2.44 

Due after five but within ten years 

2.06 

1.22 

Due after ten years 

2.81 

1.39 

2.69 

1.41 

(1) 
 
 Yields on securities and investments exempt from federal and/or state income taxes are stated on a fully tax-equivalent basis, assuming a 21.00 tax rate for 2022 and 2021. 

 26 

Financial Table 3 
 Weighted Average Yield on Investments Securities (Continued) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Weighted 

Weighted 

Average Yield (1) 

Average Yield (1) 

Securities held to maturity 

U.S. Government agencies 

Due after one but within five years 

2.87 

2.75 

Due after five but within ten years 

2.87 

2.75 

State and political 

Due within twelve months 

2.18 

1.70 

Due after one but within five years 

2.41 

2.23 

Due after five but within ten years 

Due after ten years 

2.85 

2.85 

2.77 

2.75 

Corporate Bonds 

Due within twelve months 

Due after one but within five years 

Due after five but within ten years 

4.57 

4.73 

Due after ten years 

3.68 

4.57 

4.57 

Total Securities held to maturity 

Due within twelve months 

2.18 

1.70 

Due after one but within five years 

2.54 

2.28 

Due after five but within ten years 

4.57 

4.73 

Due after ten years 

2.85 

2.97 

3.66 

3.64 

(1) 
 
 Yields on securities and investments exempt from federal and/or state income taxes are stated on a fully tax-equivalent basis, assuming a 21.00 tax rate for 2022 and 2021. 

 Financial Table 4 
 Noninterest Income 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

1,041 

995 

1,027 

Other banking fees 

815 

424 

338 

Asset management fees 

1,940 

2,050 

1,710 

Brokerage commissions 

483 

587 

571 

Interchange and card transaction fees, net 

1,232 

1,181 

917 

Investment securities gains (losses) 

(91 

991 

71 

Other gains (losses) from sale of assets 

165 

48 

413 

Income from mortgage banking 

3,409 

11,294 

14,714 

Supplemental executive retirement plan gain (loss) 

(244 

942 

746 

Other noninterest income 

1,383 

420 

370 

Total noninterest income 

10,133 

18,932 

20,877 

27 

Financial Table 5 
 Other Noninterest Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Postage 

218 

197 

187 

Telephone and data lines 

208 

174 

182 

Office supplies and printing 

94 

102 

108 

Shareholder relations expense 

154 

196 

123 

Dues and subscriptions 

282 

373 

369 

Other 

1,424 

1,234 

990 

Total other noninterest expense 

2,380 

2,276 

1,959 

Financial Table 6 
 Loan Portfolio Composition 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

of Total 

of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Loans 

Amount 

Loans 

Loan type: 

Commercial 

85,917 

17.29 

73,035 

17.35 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

545 

0.11 

15,840 

3.76 

Real estate - commercial 

183,550 

36.93 

150,382 

35.73 

Real estate - construction 

43,690 

8.79 

36,699 

8.72 

Real estate - residential 

166,855 

33.57 

129,827 

30.85 

Consumer 

9,762 

1.97 

9,579 

2.28 

Other 

6,666 

1.34 

5,496 

1.31 

Total loans 

496,985 

100.00 

420,858 

100.00 

Less: 

Allowance for loan losses 

(2,290 

(4,026 

Unearned net loan (fees) costs 

904 

(79 

Net loans 

495,599 

416,753 

Financial Table 7 
 Selected Loan Maturities 

December 31, 2022 

One Year 

One to 

Five to 

Over Fifteen 

(dollars in thousands) 

or Less 

Five Years 

Fifteen Years 

Years 

Total 

Commercial and agricultural 

10,673 

25,696 

24,012 

26,081 

86,462 

Real estate - construction 

8,568 

2,017 

15,758 

17,347 

43,690 

Total selected loans 

19,241 

27,713 

39,770 

43,428 

130,152 

Fixed rate loans 

1,402 

30,337 

51,061 

64,236 

147,036 

Sensitivity to rate changes: 

Variable interest rates 

23,587 

24,040 

144,929 

158,297 

350,853 

28 

Financial Table 8 
 Allocation of Charge-Offs and Recoveries 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net 
 charge-offs (recoveries) 

Average loans 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 

Net 
 charge-offs (recoveries) 

Average loans 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 

Commercial 

(71 

77,890 

(0.09 

65 

67,154 

0.10 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

4,960 

48,299 

Real estate - commercial 

167,670 

(359 

147,094 

(0.24 

Other real estate construction 

38,210 

(185 

31,156 

(0.59 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

7,695 

5,994 

Real estate - residential 

(12 

95,040 

(0.01 

(69 

79,467 

(0.09 

Home equity 

(1 

54,867 

(0.002 

(17 

51,227 

(0.03 

Consumer loans 

61 

9,501 

0.64 

24 

10,232 

0.23 

Other loans 

5,603 

4,322 

Total 

(23 

461,436 

(0.005 

(541 

444,945 

(0.12 

Financial Table 9 
 Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

At December 31, 

2022 

2021 

of Total 

of Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 

Loans (1) 

Amount 

Loans (1) 

Commercial 

435 

17.29 

718 

17.35 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

0.11 

3.77 

Real estate - commercial 

760 

36.93 

1,370 

35.73 

Other real estate construction 

177 

7.46 

330 

6.72 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

1.33 

2.00 

Real estate - residential 

561 

21.87 

982 

18.73 

Home equity 

277 

11.71 

492 

12.12 

Consumer loan 

76 

1.96 

123 

2.28 

Other loans 

4 

1.34 

11 

1.31 

Total loans 

2,290 

100.00 

4,026 

100.00 

(1) 
 
 Represents total of all outstanding loans in each category as a percent of total loans outstanding. 

 Financial Table 10 
 Maturities of Time Deposits 

December 31, 2022 

3 Months 

Over 3 Months 

Over 1 Year 

Over 

or Less 

to 1 Year 

to 3 Years 

3 Years 

Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

U.S. time deposits in amounts in excess of the FDIC insurance limit 

22,973 

10,141 

2,615 

35,729 

Other time deposits 

12,962 

18,805 

14,873 

4,756 

51,396 

35,935 

28,946 

17,488 

4,756 

87,125 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

 Item not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 29 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 0F 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 Uwharrie Capital Corp and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Uwharrie Capital Corp and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

30 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The Company s allowance for loan losses (ALL) was 2.29 million as of December 31, 2022. As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the ALL is evaluated both individually and collectively by loan class on a regular basis by management. Loans are collectively evaluated based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical loss experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, certain portfolio concentrations, and prevailing economic conditions. The ALL for individually evaluated loans is based upon discounted cash flows or the net realizable value of the collateral. Management s process is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 
 We identified the Company s estimate of the ALL, and more specifically the qualitative factor adjustments applied in the ALL, as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination included the high degree of judgment and subjectivity in management s identification and measurement of the qualitative factors. This required a high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and significant auditor judgement in evaluating the Company s estimate of the ALL, particularly as it relates to the identification and measurement of the qualitative factors. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We obtained an understanding of the Company s process and internal controls for establishing the ALL, including the selection, application, and related adjustments of the qualitative factor components of the ALL. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s application of qualitative factor adjustments to the ALL, including evaluating the appropriateness and level of qualitative factor adjustments based on Company-specific data and third-party data. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of the ALL, including the application of the qualitative factors on the loan portfolio. 

We assessed relevant trends in credit quality and evaluated the relationship of the trends to the identification of relevant qualitative factors and directional consistency of the qualitative factors. 

We evaluated subsequent events and transactions and considered whether they corroborated or contradicted the Company s conclusion. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 7F 
 Asheville, NC 
 March 8, 2023 

31 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-earning deposits with banks 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Securities available for sale, at fair value 

Securities held to maturity, at amortized cost (fair value and , respectively) 

Equity securities, at fair value 

Loans held for sale 

Loans: 

Loans held for investment 

Less allowance for loan losses 

Net loans held for investment 

Premises and equipment, net 

Interest receivable 

Restricted stock 

Bank owned life insurance 

Deferred income tax benefit 

Loan servicing assets 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits: 

Demand noninterest-bearing 

Interest checking and money market accounts 

Savings deposits 

Time deposits, 250,000 and over 

Other time deposits 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowed funds 

Long-term debt 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Off balance sheet items, commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized shares issued and 
 outstanding and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Undivided profits 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Uwharrie Capital shareholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Interest Income 

Loans, including fees 

Investment securities: 

Investment securities, taxable 

Investment securities, non-taxable 

Equity securities 

Interest-earning deposits with banks and federal funds sold 

Total interest income 

Interest Expense 

Interest checking and money market accounts 

Savings deposits 

Time deposits, 250,000 and over 

Other time deposits 

Short-term borrowed funds 

Long-term debt 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

Noninterest Income 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Other service fees and commissions 

Interchange and card transaction fees, net 

Gain (loss) on sale of securities 

Realized/unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities 

Income from mortgage banking 

Income from bank owned life insurance 

Supplemental executive retirement plan gain (loss) 

Other income 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Net occupancy expense 

Equipment expense 

Data processing costs 

Loan costs 

Professional fees and services 

Marketing and donations 

Electronic banking expense 

Software amortization and maintenance 

FDIC insurance 

Supplemental executive retirement plan gain (loss) 

Other noninterest expense 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Consolidated net income 

8,249 

10,083 

8,107 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to Uwharrie Capital Corp and common shareholders 

Net income per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 33 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities 

Related tax effect 

Reclassification of (gain) loss recognized in net income 

Related tax effect 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Uwharrie Capital Corp 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Number of 
 Common 
 Shares 
 Issued 

Common 
 Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 

Undivided 
 Profits 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 

Noncontrolling 
 Interest 

Total 

(dollars in thousands, except share data) 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

Net Income 

Repurchase of common stock 

stock dividend 

Cash paid fractional shares 

Other comprehensive income 

Record preferred stock dividend series B (noncontrolling interest) 

Record preferred stock dividend series C (noncontrolling interest) 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net Income 

Repurchase of common stock 

stock dividend 

Cash paid fractional shares 

Other comprehensive loss 

Record preferred stock dividend series B (noncontrolling interest) 

Record preferred stock dividend series C (noncontrolling interest) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net Income 

Repurchase of common stock 

stock dividend 

Cash paid fractional shares 

Other comprehensive loss 

Record preferred stock dividend series B (noncontrolling interest) 

Record preferred stock dividend series C (noncontrolling interest) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 35 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Right of use asset amortization 

Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 

(Gain) loss on sale of investment securities available for sale 

Gain on sale of mortgage loans 

(Gain) loss on sale of premises and equipment 

Realized/unrealized (gain) loss on equity securities 

Net amortization of premium on investment securities available for sale 

Net amortization of premium on investment securities held to maturity 

Amortization of loan servicing rights 

Originations and purchases of mortgage loans for sale 

Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans for sale 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Loan servicing assets 

Accrued interest receivable 

Prepaid assets 

Cash surrender value of life insurance 

Miscellaneous other assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Accrued interest payable 

Miscellaneous other liabilities 

Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sale of investment securities available for sale 

Proceeds from sale of equity securities 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of securities available for sale 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of securities held to maturity 

Purchase of investment securities available for sale 

Purchase of investment securities held to maturity 

Purchase of equity securities 

Purchase of investments in other assets 

Proceeds from sale of investments in other assets 

Proceeds from bank owned life insurance settlement 

Net change in restricted stock 

Net (increase) decrease in loans 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of premises, equipment and other assets 

Proceeds from sale of OREO 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase in deposit accounts 

Net increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings 

Proceeds from long-term borrowings 

Debt issuance costs 

Repayment of long-term borrowings 

Repurchase of common stock, net 

Dividends paid on preferred stock (noncontrolling interest) 

Cash paid for fractional shares 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities 

Net change in fair value of securities available for sale, net of tax 

Initial right of use asset for leased properties 

Initial lease liability for leased properties 

Extension of right of use asset for leased properties 

Extension of lease liability for leased properties 

Company financed OREO 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 36 

exchange of the common stock of Stanly for common stock of the Company. On September 1, 2013, Bank of Stanly changed its name to Uwharrie Bank Uwharrie or the Bank ). 
 Uwharrie was incorporated on September 28, 1983, under the laws of the State of North Carolina and began operations on January 26, 1984 in Albemarle, North Carolina. Deposits with Uwharrie are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Uwharrie is under regulation of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks. In North Carolina, Uwharrie has branch locations that provide a wide range of deposit accounts, commercial, consumer, home equity and residential mortgage loans, safe deposit boxes and automated banking. 
 In 1987, Uwharrie established a wholly owned subsidiary, BOS Agency, Inc. BOS Agency ), which engages in insurance product sales. In 1989, Uwharrie established a second wholly owned subsidiary, BOS Financial Corporation, for the purpose of conducting business as a securities broker-dealer. During 1993, BOS Financial Corporation changed its name to The Strategic Alliance Corporation Strategic Alliance and was registered as a broker-dealer and is regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). 
 The Company formed a new subsidiary, Strategic Investment Advisors, Inc. SIA ), during 1998 to provide investment advisory and asset management services. This subsidiary is registered as an investment advisor with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During 2015, SIA changed its name to Uwharrie Investment Advisors, Inc. UIA ). 
 On , the Company completed its acquisition of Anson BanCorp, Inc. and its subsidiary, Anson Savings Bank. The savings bank retained its North Carolina savings bank charter and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Uwharrie Capital Corp as Anson Bank & Trust Company Anson ), operating out of its main office branch in Wadesboro. Anson was consolidated into Uwharrie Bank effective September 1, 2013. 
 On , Uwharrie acquired another subsidiary, Gateway Mortgage, Inc. Gateway ), a mortgage origination company. This company is currently inactive and does not affect the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 On , the Company capitalized a new wholly owned subsidiary bank, Cabarrus Bank & Trust Company Cabarrus ), located in Concord, North Carolina. As of that date, Cabarrus purchased branch offices located in Cabarrus County from Uwharrie to begin its operation. Cabarrus operated as a commercial bank and provided a full range of banking services. Cabarrus was consolidated into Uwharrie Bank effective September 1, 2013. 
 On Uwharrie Mortgage, Inc. was established as a subsidiary of the Company to serve in the capacity of trustee and substitute trustee under deeds of trust. 
 37 

segments, commercial and noncommercial loans. Commercial loans are broken down into the following classes: commercial loans, real estate commercial loans, other real estate construction loans and other loans. Noncommercial loans are divided into the following classes: real estate 1-4 family construction loans, real estate 1-4 family residential loans, home equity loans and consumer loans. The ability of the Company s borrowers to honor their contracts is largely dependent upon the real estate and general economic conditions in the Company s market area. Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off are reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balances adjusted for charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, and any deferred fees or costs. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of the related loan yield using the effective interest method. The accrual of interest on mortgage and commercial loans is discontinued at the time the loan is days delinquent unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Credit card loans and other personal loans are typically charged off no later than days past due. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. The exception to this policy is credit card loans that remain in accrual status days or more until they are paid current or charged off. 
 All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on non-accrual or charged off is reversed against interest income. The interest on these impaired loans is accounted for on a cash basis until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Generally, a minimum of of sustained performance is required. 
 38 

39 

Forward sales commitments 

To-be-announced mortgage-backed securities trades 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Included in mortgage banking derivatives asset: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

Forward sales commitments 

To-be-announced mortgage-backed securities trades 

Included in mortgage banking derivatives liability: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

Forward sales commitments 

To-be-announced mortgage-backed securities trades 

40 

to for furniture, fixtures and equipment, to to for leasehold improvements and buildings, respectively. Upon retirement or other disposition of the assets, the cost and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gains or losses are reflected in income. Right-of-use (ROU) assets that are recognized at the initial adoption of a lease arrangement are included in premises and equipment. More information regarding ROU assets can be found in Note 8 (Leases). outstanding awards. interest or penalties accrued during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 41 

million while related network costs totaled million. On a net basis, we reported million as interchange and card transaction fees in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, interchange and card transaction fees were million and million, respectively, on a gross basis while related network costs were million and million, respectively. 
 42 

43 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, 
 net of , and tax effect, respectively 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), 
 net of ), , and tax effect, respectively 
 (included in noninterest income) 

Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 

Ending Balance 

stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Basic earnings per share EPS excludes dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity. On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a stock dividend payable on to shareholders of record on . All information presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements regarding earnings per share and weighted average number of shares outstanding has been computed giving effect to this stock dividend. 

Effect of dilutive stock options 

Weighted average number of common shares and dilutive 
 potential common shares used in computing diluted net 
 income per common share 

million of Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B. The preferred stock qualified as Tier 1 capital of the Bank and pays dividends at an annual rate of . . This capital is presented as noncontrolling interest in the consolidated balance sheets. Dividends declared on this preferred stock are presented as earnings allocated to the noncontrolling interest in the consolidated statements of income. Effective September 1, 2013, the Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B was rolled into one issue under Uwharrie Bank in connection with the consolidation and name change. 
 During 2013, the Company s subsidiary bank, Uwharrie Bank, raised million of Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C. The preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital of the Bank and pays dividends at an annual rate of . . 
 44 

million and million. This will bring the Company s allowance for loan losses to between million and million, or between and of total loans. The conversion will have a minimal impact on the allowance for unfunded commitments, changing it between a decrease of and an increase of . The Company s securities portfolio, including both held to maturity (HTM) and available for sale (AFS) securities, is included with the adoption of CECL per guidance. The CECL model will include an additional allowance for the Company s HTM securities portfolio of between and . At this time, there is additional allowance for our AFS securities portfolio. The impact to retained earnings, net of deferred tax, will be between million and million as of January 1, 2023. 
 In March 2022, FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and 
 Vintage Disclosures , effective December 15, 2022. ASU 2022-02 eliminates the TDR accounting guidance set forth in Subtopic 310- 
 40, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, for financial institutions that have already adopted the CECL standard. The update requires that an entity apply the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance in ASC 310-20, Receivables 
 Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs, to determine whether a modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. 
 Enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required for modifications made for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The Company will adopt the CECL standard effective January 1, 2023. The Company does not anticipate a material financial impact related to compliance with ASU 2022-02. 
 ASC 848, Reference Rate Reform, was set forth to eliminate certain reference rates and introduce new reference rates that are based on a larger, more liquid population of observable transactions that are less vulnerable to manipulation. The reference rate reform will discontinue the use of certain widely used reference rates such as the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR. In response to likely challenges arising from contract modifications due to reference rate reform, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, in March 2020 to provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications. As such, modifications to debt contracts may be accounted for as a continuation of the existing contract by prospectively adjusting the effective interest rate. This relief was available beginning March 12, 2020 and was set to expire December 31, 2022. In December 2022, FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which extends the effective date of the available relief to December 31, 2024. The Company currently holds, but no longer issues, loan contracts that reference LIBOR. The Company is evaluating the most effective manner in which to modify those contracts, but does not anticipate material financial impact. 
 From time to time the FASB issues exposure drafts of proposed statements of financial accounting standards. Such exposure drafts are subject to comment from the public, to revisions by the FASB and to final issuance by the FASB as statements of financial accounting standards. Management considers the effect of the proposed statements on the consolidated financial statements of the Company and monitors the status of changes to and proposed effective dates of exposure drafts. 
 45 

U.S. Government agencies 

GSE - Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs 

Asset-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities available for sale 

December 31, 2022 

Amortized 
 Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair 
 Value 

(dollars in thousands) 

Securities held to maturity 

U.S. Government agencies 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities held to maturity 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized 
 Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair 
 Value 

(dollars in thousands) 

Securities available for sale 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Government agencies 

GSE - Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs 

Asset-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities available for sale 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized 
 Cost 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 

Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair 
 Value 

(dollars in thousands) 

Securities held to maturity 

U.S. Government agencies 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities held to maturity 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company owned Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) stock reported at cost of and , respectively. The Company owned Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock reported at cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The investments in Federal Reserve stock and FHLB stock are required investments related to the Company s membership in, and borrowings with, these banks and are classified as restricted stock on the consolidated balance sheet. These investments are carried at cost since there is no ready market and redemption has historically been made at par value. The Company estimated the fair value approximated cost and that these investments were not impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 46 

Realized gains from sales 

Realized losses from sales 

Net realized gains (losses) 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 securities available for sale with a carrying amount of million and million, respectively, were pledged as collateral on public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 
 The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of investments, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We believe these unrealized losses on investment securities are a result of a volatile market and fluctuations in market prices due to a rise in interest rates, which will adjust if rates decline. Management does not believe these fluctuations are a reflection of the credit quality of the investments. At December 31, 2022, the unrealized losses on available for sale securities less than twelve months related to U.S. Treasury bonds, government agency bonds, GSE mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and state and political subdivision bonds. Unrealized losses on held to maturity securities related to government agency bond, state and political subdivision bonds and corporate bonds that had been in a loss position less than twelve months at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, the unrealized loss on available for sale securities less than twelve months related to U.S. Treasury bonds, government agency bonds, GSE mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, state and political subdivision bonds and corporate bonds. There were corporate held to maturity bonds that had been in a loss position less than twelve months at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. Treasury bonds, government agency bonds, GSE mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, state and political subdivision bonds and corporate bonds that were classified as available for sale and in a loss position for twelve months or more. Unrealized losses on held to maturity securities related to state and political subdivision bond and corporate bonds that had been in a loss position twelve months or more at December 31, 2022. The Company had government agency bonds, GSE mortgage-backed security and state and political subdivision bonds that were classified as available for sale and in a loss position for twelve months or more at December 31, 2021. 

U.S. Government agencies 

GSE - Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs 

Asset-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities available for sale 

December 31, 2022 

Less than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

(dollars in thousands) 

Securities held to maturity temporary impairment 

U.S. Government agencies 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities held to maturity 

47 

U.S. Government agencies 

GSE - Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs 

Asset-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities available for sale 

December 31, 2021 

Less than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

(dollars in thousands) 

Securities held to maturity temporary impairment 

Corporate bonds 

Total securities held to maturity 

Declines in the fair value of the investment portfolio are believed by management to be temporary in nature. When evaluating an investment for other-than-temporary impairment, management considers, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been in a loss position, the financial condition of the issuer and the intent and the ability of the Company to hold the investment until the loss position is recovered. Any unrealized losses were largely due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time of purchase. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach their maturity date or market yields for such investments decline. Management does not believe any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality, but that the losses are temporary in nature. At December 31, 2022, the Company does not intend to sell and is not likely to be required to sell the available for sale securities that were in a loss position prior to full recovery. 

Due after one but within five years 

Due after five but within ten years 

Due after ten years 

Due after one but within five years 

Due after five but within ten years 

Due after ten years 

48 

Note 2 - Investment and Equity Securities (Continued) 

Net gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities 

Less: Net gains (losses) recognized from equity securities sold during the period 

Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities still held at the reporting date 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction loans 

Other loans 

Noncommercial 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Less: 

Allowance for loan losses 

Deferred loan fees, net 

Loans held for investment, net 

The Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), was created as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act. The Company participated in assisting its customers with applications for funds through the program. PPP loans have a two-year term or, if approved after June 5, 2020, a five-year term and earn interest at . As of December 31, 2020, the Company had funded PPP loans representing million. Of the loans funded during 2020, loans totaling million had been paid off or forgiven by the SBA as of December 31, 2022. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 CAA established another round of PPP loan funding for certain eligible borrowers, and the Company assisted these borrowers in obtaining a first or second draw loan. During 2021, the Company funded second round PPP loans totaling million. Of the loans funded during the second round, loans totaling million had been paid off or forgiven by the SBA as of December 31, 2022. It is the Company s understanding that loans funded through the PPP are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government if the loans comply with the program requirements. Should those circumstances change, the Company could be required to establish additional allowance for loan loss through additional provision expense charged to earnings. 
 Although the Bank s loan portfolio is diversified, there is a concentration of mortgage real estate loans, primarily 1-to-4 family residential and construction mortgage loans and home equity loans, which represent of total loans. Additionally, there is a concentration in commercial loans (not including PPP loans) secured primarily by real estate, shopping center locations, commercial land development, commercial buildings, equipment, and general commercial loans that represent of total loans. There is not a concentration of a particular type of credit in this group of commercial loans. The Company s loan policies are written to address loan-to-value ratios and collateralization methods with respect to each lending category. Consideration is given to the economic and credit risk of lending areas and customers associated with each category. 
 49 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Impaired loans are individually evaluated for impairment and consist of non-accrual loans and troubled debt restructures. Individually evaluated loans are disclosed in more detail in Note 4 (Allowance for Loan Losses). 
 The carrying value of foreclosed properties held as other real estate was at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company had residential real estate in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Provision (recovery) charged to operations 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

Balance, end of year 

Non-Commercial 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Balance, beginning of year 

Provision (recovery) charged to operations 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

Balance, end of year 

Total 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Balance, beginning of year 

Provision (recovery) charged to operations 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

Balance, end of year 

50 

Non-Commercial 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Individually Evaluated 

Collectively Evaluated 

Total 

Reserve 

Loans 

Reserve 

Loans 

Reserve 

Loans 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

Non-Commercial 

Total 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Loans 
 30-89 Days 
 Past Due 

Loans 
 90 Days 
 or More 
 Past due 
 and Non - 
 Accrual 

Total Past 
 Due Loans 

Current 
 Loans 

Total 
 Loans 

Accruing 
 Loans 90 or 
 More Days 
 Past Due 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

51 

days past due, the loan is automatically transferred to a non-accrual status. The exception to this policy is credit card loans that remain in accrual status 90 days or more until they are paid current or charged off. 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Management uses a risk-grading program to facilitate the evaluation of probable inherent loan losses and to measure the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. In this program, risk grades are initially assigned by the loan officers and reviewed and monitored by the lenders and credit administration on an ongoing basis. The program has eight risk grades summarized in five categories as follows: 
 Pass : Loans that are pass grade credits include loans that are fundamentally sound and risk factors are reasonable and acceptable. They generally conform to policy with only minor exceptions and any major exceptions are clearly mitigated by other economic factors. 
 Watch : Loans that are watch credits include loans on management s watch list where a risk concern may be anticipated in the near future. 
 Substandard : Loans that are considered substandard are loans that are inadequately protected by current sound net worth, paying capacity of the obligor or the value of the collateral pledged. All non-accrual loans are graded as substandard. 
 Doubtful: Loans that are considered to be doubtful have all weaknesses inherent in loans classified substandard, plus the added characteristic that the weaknesses make the collection or liquidation in full on the basis of current existing facts, conditions and values highly questionable and improbable. 
 Loss: Loans that are considered to be a loss are considered to be uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

52 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

Loans that are in non-accrual status or 90 days past due and still accruing are considered to be nonperforming. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were loans 90 days past due and still accruing. 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Performing 

Non- 
 Performing 

Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

53 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Recorded 

Recorded 

Unpaid 

Investment 

Investment 

Average 

Principal 

With No 

With 

Related 

Recorded 

Interest 

Balance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Investment 

Income 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Total 

As of December 31, 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Recorded 

Recorded 

Unpaid 

Investment 

Investment 

Average 

Principal 

With No 

With 

Related 

Recorded 

Interest 

Balance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Allowance 

Investment 

Income 

(dollars in thousands) 

Commercial 

SBA Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Total 

54 

million in TDRs outstanding, of which with balances totaling were on a non-accruing basis. Comparatively, the Company had million of outstanding TDRs, of which with a balance of was on a non-accruing basis at December 31, 2021. 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

55 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Pre-Modification 

Post-Modification 

Number 

Outstanding Recorded 

Outstanding Recorded 

of Contracts 

Investment 

Investment 

(dollars in thousands) 

Extend payment terms: 

Commercial 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Other: 

Commercial 

Real estate - commercial 

Other real estate construction 

Real estate 1-4 family construction 

Real estate - residential 

Home equity 

Consumer loans 

Other loans 

Total 

56 

payment defaults occurring on TDRs, both of which were also in non-accrual status. There were payment defaults in 2021 and payment default on a TDR in 2020. A default on a troubled debt restructure is defined as being past due days or being out of compliance with the modification agreement. 
 As previously mentioned, the Company considers TDRs to be impaired loans and has in the allowance for loan loss as of December 31, 2022, as a direct result of these TDRs. At December 31, 2021 and 2020 there was and in the allowance for loan loss related to TDRs, respectively. 

Total 

Paid In Full 

Paying as restructured 

Converted to non-accrual 

Foreclosure/ Default 

Number of 

Recorded 

Number of 

Recorded 

Number of 

Recorded 

Number of 

Recorded 

Loans 

Investments 

Loans 

Investments 

Loans 

Investments 

Loans 

Investments 

(dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 

Below market interest rate 

Extended payment terms 

Other 

Total 

Paid In Full 

Paying as restructured 

Converted to non-accrual 

Foreclosure/ Default 

Number of 

Recorded 

Number of 

Recorded 

Number of 

Recorded 

Number of 

Recorded 

Loans 

Investments 

Loans 

Investments 

Loans 

Investments 

Loans 

Investments 

(dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2020 

Below market interest rate 

Extended payment terms 

Other 

Total 

The CARES Act allowed the Company to suspend the TDR classifications described above in an effort to provide relief to borrowers impacted by COVID-19. In accordance with the CARES Act, 
 57 

current outstanding loans modified for COVID-19 related reasons. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The carrying value of capitalized servicing rights, net of valuation allowances, is included in other assets. 

Amounts capitalized 

Amortization 

Impairment 

End of year 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The amortization does not anticipate or pro-forma loan prepayments. 
 The fair value of loan servicing rights was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. months 

months 

Weighted average discount rate 

Weighted average coupon 

Weighted average prepayment speed 

Building and improvements 

ROU assets 

Furniture and equipment 

Total fixed assets 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net fixed assets 

Depreciation expense was million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and is included in net occupancy expense, equipment expense and software amortization and maintenance expense. 
 ROU assets are discussed further in Note 8 Leases. 
 58 

and recognized a gain of related to the sale of the building. The initial lease term is with extension options, and there is no purchase option included in the lease. At June 30, 2022, the Company recorded a right of use asset in the amount of and lease liability in the amount of . Lease costs associated with the lease totaled during 2022. All amounts associated with this sale and leaseback transaction are included in the discussion and tables below. 
 Our leases relate to office locations, of which are branch locations, with remaining terms of four to . at the then fair market rental rates. As these extension options are not generally considered reasonably certain of exercise, they are not included in the lease term. As of December 31, 2022, operating lease ROU assets were million and the lease liability was million. Operating lease ROU assets were million and the lease liability was million at December 31, 2021. 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases, in years 

4.9 

5.9 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

Total rental expense related to the operating leases was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in net occupancy expense. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Interest checking and money market 

Savings 

Time deposits 250,000 and over 

Other time deposits 

Total 

59 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Notes payable 

Short-term line of credit 

Short-term advances from FHLB 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Rate 

Amount 

Rate 

(dollars in thousands) 

Average for the year 

Federal funds purchased 

Master notes and other short-term borrowings 

Notes payable 

Short-term line of credit 

Short-term advances from FHLB 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Maximum month-end balance 

Federal funds purchased 

Master notes and other short-term borrowings 

Notes payable 

Short-term line of credit 

Short-term advances from FHLB 

Master notes represent an overnight investment in commercial paper issued by the Company to customers of its subsidiary bank, where an agreement is in place. 
 The subsidiary bank has combined available lines of credit for federal funds and Federal Reserve discount window availability in the amount of million at December 31, 2022. 
 60 

million with the entire amount available for advances at December 31, 2022. There were long-term advances under this line at December 31, 2022 or at December 31, 2021. The Company also secured a million line of credit with TIB The Independent BankersBank, N.A. during 2020. The line is secured with of the outstanding common shares of the Company s subsidiary bank. As of December 31, 2022, there was outstanding balance on the line of credit. This loan carries certain debt covenants, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 During the third quarter of 2019, the Company conducted a private placement offering of fixed rate junior subordinated debt securities at per security with a required minimum investment of . The offering raised 10.0 million, of which the entire million was outstanding at December 31, 2022. These securities have a final maturity date of and may be redeemed by the Company after . The junior subordinated debt pays interest quarterly at an annual fixed rate of . All proceeds of this private placement qualify and are included in the calculation of Tier 2 capital. Once the remaining term to maturity drops under , the Company must impose a percent annual reduction per year of the amount of the proceeds from the sale of these securities that are eligible to be counted as Tier 2 capital. The Company will have a twenty percent reduction beginning at September 30, 2024. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued million and million of 10-year and 15-year fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt securities, respectively. The 10-year subordinated notes mature on , though they are redeemable at the Company s option on or after September 3, 2026, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of . The 15-year subordinated notes mature on , though they are redeemable at the Company s option on or after September 3, 2031, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of . From and including September 3, 2031 to but excluding September 3, 2036, or up to any early redemption date, the interest rate on the 15-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus 292 basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The subordinated debt has been structured to qualify as and is included in the calculation of the Company s Tier 2 capital. Once the remaining term to maturity drops under , the Company must impose a percent annual reduction per year of the amount of the proceeds from the sale of these securities that are eligible to be counted as Tier 2 capital. The Company will have a twenty percent reduction beginning at September 3, 2026 and September 3, 2031 for the 10-year and 15-year subordinated notes, respectively. 
 Debt is reported net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

Total 

61 

State 

Total 

Deferred tax expense (benefit): 

Federal 

State 

Total 

Net provision for income taxes 

to income before income taxes is summarized below: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Tax computed at the statutory federal rate 

Increases (decreases) resulting from: 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Tax exempt interest, net 

Tax exempt income on bank owned life insurance policies 

Executive compensation limitation 

Other 

Provision for income taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Deferred compensation 

Allowance for loan losses 

Lease liability 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities relating to: 

Deferred loans fees and costs 

ROU asset 

Loan servicing 

Premises and equipment 

2016-01 unrealized gain 

Net unrealized gain on securities available for sale 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net recorded deferred tax asset 

The net deferred tax asset is included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company has uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of North Carolina and South Carolina. The Company is no longer subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities for years before 2019. 
 62 

Credit card commitments 

Standby letters of credit 

Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability resulting from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Financial Instruments with Concentration of Credit Risk 
 The subsidiary bank makes commercial, agricultural, real estate mortgage, home equity and consumer loans primarily in Stanly, Anson, Cabarrus and Mecklenburg counties in North Carolina. A substantial portion of the Company s customers ability to honor their contracts is dependent on the economy in these counties. 
 Although the Company s composition of loans is diversified, there is some concentration of mortgage real estate loans, primarily 1-to-4 family residential mortgage loans and in commercial loans secured primarily by real estate, shopping center locations, commercial land development, commercial buildings and equipment in the total portfolio. The Bank s policy is to abide by real estate loan-to-value margin limits corresponding to guidelines issued by the federal supervisory agencies on March 19, 1993. The Bank s lending policy for all loans requires that they be supported by sufficient cash flows at the time of origination. 
 63 

Disbursements during the year 

Collections during the year 

Balance, at end of the year 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had approved, but unused lines of credit, totaling million to executive officers and directors, and their related interests, compared to million at December 31, 2021. In addition, at December 31, 2022, the Company had million of deposits for executive officers and directors, and their related interests compared to million at December 31, 2021. Preferred stock issued to directors, executive officers and their related interests was million at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. Additionally, certain directors own subordinated debt issued by the Company. The amount of related interest ownership of the Company s subordinated debt in 2022 is million compared to million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, the company made charitable contributions totaling to a nonprofit foundation that is considered a related party. requirement of the Bank to maintain reserve balances in cash or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank as reserves on deposit liabilities. 
 The Company and its subsidiary bank are subject to federal regulatory risk-based capital guidelines for banks and bank holding companies. Each must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices which measure Total Capital, Tier 1 Capital and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 Capital to average assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiary bank continue to exceed minimum capital standards and remain well-capitalized under the capital adequacy rules. 
 64 

Uwharrie Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

Minimum to Be Well 

Minimum 

Capitalized Under 

For Capital 

Prompt Corrective 

Actual 

Requirement 

Action Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

(Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 

Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets: 

Consolidated 

Uwharrie Bank 

As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Company s subsidiary bank as being well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There have been no conditions or events since such notification that management believes would have changed the categorization. 
 65 

million of Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B. The preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital at the subsidiary bank and pays dividends at a rate of . . The offering raised million less issuance costs of . 
 During 2013, the Company s subsidiary bank issued million of Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C. The preferred stock qualifies as Tier 1 capital at the bank and pays dividends at an annual rate of . . The offering raised million in new capital less total issuance costs of . 
 The total net amount of capital raised from Fixed Rate Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B and Series C issued at the subsidiary bank level is presented as noncontrolling interest in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 During the third quarter of 2019, the Company conducted a private placement offering of fixed rate junior subordinated debt securities at per security with a required minimum investment of . The offering raised million, of which the entire million was outstanding at December 31, 2022. These securities have a final maturity date of and may be redeemed by the Company after . The junior subordinated debt pays interest quarterly at an annual fixed rate of . All proceeds of this private placement qualify and are included in the calculation of Tier 2 capital. Once the remaining term to maturity drops under , the Company must impose a percent annual reduction per year of the amount of the proceeds from the sale of these securities that are eligible to be counted as Tier 2 capital. The Company will have a twenty percent reduction beginning at September 30, 2024. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued million and million of 10-year and 15-year fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt securities, respectively. The 10-year subordinated notes mature on , though they are redeemable at the Company s option on or after September 3, 2026, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of . From and including September 3, 2026 to but excluding September 3, 2031, or up to any early redemption date, the interest rate on the 10-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The 15-year subordinated notes mature on , though they are redeemable at the Company s option on or after September 3, 2031, and initially pay interest quarterly at an annual rate of . From and including September 3, 2031 to but excluding September 3, 2036, or up to any early redemption date, the interest rate on the 15-year subordinated notes will reset quarterly to an annual rate equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus basis points payable quarterly in arrears. The subordinated debt has been structured to qualify as and is included in the calculation of the Company s Tier 2 capital. Once the remaining term to maturity drops under , the Company must impose a twenty percent annual reduction per year of the amount of the proceeds from the sale of these securities that are eligible to be counted as Tier 2 capital. The Company will have a percent reduction beginning at September 3, 2026 and September 3, 2031 for the 10-year and 15-year subordinated notes, respectively. 
 All of the Company s aforementioned investment in its subsidiary bank qualifies for Tier 1 capital treatment for the Bank and is included as such in its year end capital ratios. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On February 21, 1995, the Company s Board of Directors authorized and approved a Stock Repurchase Program, to be reaffirmed annually, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase shares of the Company s common stock for the primary purpose of providing liquidity to its shareholders. During 2022, the Company repurchased shares of outstanding common stock and repurchased and shares of outstanding common stock during 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 66 

of eligible service. Employees are vested in the plan once they enroll. 
 The Company s annual contribution to the plan was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020, determined as follows: 

The Company will contribute a safe harbor matching contribution in an amount equal to of the matched employee contributions that are not in excess of of compensation. 

A discretionary contribution, subject to approval by the Board of Directors, limited to an amount not to exceed the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes. 

 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 The Company has implemented a non-qualifying deferred compensation plan for certain executive officers. Certain of the plan benefits will accrue and vest during the period of employment and will be paid in fixed monthly benefit payments for up to upon separation from service. The plan also provides for payment of death benefits and for payment of disability benefits in the event the officer becomes permanently disabled prior to separation from service. 
 Effective December 31, 2008, this plan was amended and restated to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. The participants account liability balances as of December 31, 2008 could be transferred into a trust fund, where investments will be participant-directed. 
 The plan is structured as a defined contribution plan and the Company s expected annual funding contribution for the participants has been calculated through the participant s expected retirement date. Under terms of the agreement, the Company has reserved the absolute right, at its sole discretion, to either fund or refrain from funding the plan. The plans assets are maintained in a rabbi trust and are recorded at fair value with the corresponding liability adjusted to the same fair value. 
 During the year of 2022, was expensed for benefits provided under the plans. Benefits provided under the plans were and for years 2021 and 2020, respectively. The liability accrued for deferred compensation under the plan amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Split-Dollar Life Insurance 
 The Company has entered into Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split-Dollar Agreements with certain officers. Under these agreements, upon death of the officer, the Company first recovers the cash surrender value of the contract and then shares the remaining death benefits from insurance contracts, which are written with different carriers, with the designated beneficiaries of the officers. The death benefit to the officers beneficiaries is a multiple of base salary at the time of the agreements. The Company, as owner of the policies, retains an interest in the life insurance proceeds and a interest in the cash surrender value of the policies. During 2022, the income associated with these policies was . During 2021 and 2020, the expense associated with these policies was and , respectively. The liability associated with the split-dollar life insurance policies is and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Stock Grant Plan 
 During 2015, the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Grant Plan SGP ), under which the Company, at its discretion, may choose to make grants or awards of Uwharrie Capital Corp common stock (the Common Stock to employees, directors or independent contractors of the Company or its subsidiaries as an alternate form of compensation or as a performance bonus. Shares of the Company s Common Stock to be used for Stock Grants under this Plan will be outstanding shares purchased by a revocable trust formed by the Company (the Trust ). Participants will be vested in the shares purchased on their behalf as soon as the Trust s purchase is completed. The Company recognizes expense for the value of the shares at the time they are purchased by the Trust. During 2022 there were shares granted at an expense of compared to shares granted at an expense of in 2021 and shares granted at an expense of in 2020. 
 67 

Securities available for sale 

Securities held to maturity 

Equity securities 

Loans held for investment, net 

Loans held for sale 

Restricted stock 

Loan servicing assets 

Accrued interest receivable 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Accrued interest payable 

68 

Securities available for sale 

Securities held to maturity 

Equity securities 

Loans held for investment, net 

Loans held for sale 

Restricted stock 

Loan servicing assets 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Accrued interest receivable 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Accrued interest payable 

At December 31, 2022, the subsidiary bank had outstanding standby letters of credit and commitments to extend credit. These off-balance sheet financial instruments are generally exercisable at the market rate prevailing at the date the underlying transaction will be completed. The fair value is not material. See Note 13. 

U.S. Government agencies 

GSE - Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs 

Asset-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Equity securities 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Total assets at fair value 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Total liabilities at fair value 

69 

U.S. Government agencies 

GSE - Mortgage-backed securities and CMOs 

Asset-backed securities 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Equity securities 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Total assets at fair value 

Mortgage banking derivatives 

Total liabilities at fair value 

Change in fair value: 

Included in income from mortgage banking 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value: 

Included in income from mortgage banking 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Change in observability of significant inputs: 

Included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company had mortgage-backed security that was transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 due to changes in the observability of significant inputs. At December 31, 2022, the Company was unable to observe a credit rating, pricing or recent trade history for the security or other such similar assets. Accordingly, the fair value of the security is being classified as Level 3. 
 The fair value of mortgage interest rate lock commitments at December 31, 2022 was calculated based on a notional amount of million. Significant unobservable inputs are used to determine the fair value of these derivatives. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, such inputs included anticipated margins to be earned based on market movement from the original lock date and an overall projected pull-through rate of determined by loan product, loan stage, and loan purpose. The fair value of mortgage interest rate lock commitments at December 31, 2021 was calculated based on a notional amount of million. Significant unobservable anticipated margins to be earned based on market movement from the original lock date and an overall projected pull-through rate of at December 31, 2021. Changes in interest rates and other assumptions could significantly change these estimated values. 
 70 

Total assets at fair value 

Total liabilities at fair value 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Impaired loans 

Total assets at fair value 

Total liabilities at fair value 

Collateral discounts and Estimated costs to sell 

0 25 

Discount rates 

4 -8.75 

General 

December 31, 2021 

Valuation Technique 

Unobservable Input 

Range 

Nonrecurring measurements: 

Impaired loans 

Collateral discounts and Estimated costs to sell 

0 25 

Discount rates 

4 -8.75 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, impaired loans were being evaluated with discounted expected cash flows for performing TDRs and discounted appraisals were being used on collateral dependent loans. 
 71 

Interest-earning deposits 

Equity securities 

Investments in: 

Bank subsidiaries 

Nonbank subsidiaries 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Master notes 

Long term debt 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Dividends received from subsidiaries 

Interest income 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Other operating expense 

Income tax benefit 

Net income 

Consolidated net income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to Uwharrie Capital Corp 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Net income per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

72 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Realized/unrealized (gain) loss on equity securities 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

(Increase) decrease in other assets 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities 

Net cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sale of equity securities 

Purchase of equity securities 

Proceeds from sale of investments in other assets 

Purchase of investments in other assets 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in master notes 

Net increase (decrease) in long-term debt 

Proceeds from issuance of junior subordinated debentures 

Debt issuance costs 

Net increase in investment in subsidiaries 

Repurchase of common stock, net 

Cash paid for fractional shares 

Other, net 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

 None. 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 At the end of the period covered by this Report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. 
 Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective (1) to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Securities Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 73 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Management has made a comprehensive review, evaluation and assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission s COSO Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 . In accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management makes the following assertions: 
 Management has implemented a process to monitor and assess both the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Based on management s assessment pursuant to the COSO Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 , the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company has evaluated, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022. In connection with such evaluation, the Company has determined that there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 

 None. 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

 Not applicable. 
 74 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among others, its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. The Company s Code of Business Conduct Ethics is available on the Company s website at https://www.uwharrie.com/about/investor . 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to certain equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 

Number of securities 
 to be issued 
 upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 

Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column(a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Total 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

 Incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 The Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is (PCAOB Firm ID No. located in . 
 75 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 
 Financial statements from the Registrant s Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which are incorporated herein by reference: 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. 
 
 Financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this Form: 

 None 

3. 
 
 Exhibits 

 76 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

3.1 

Registrant s Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1, 2017) 

3.2 

Registrant s By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1, 2017) 

3.3 

Articles of Amendment effective April 24, 1997 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 4, 2020) 

3.4 

Articles of Amendment effective November 1, 1999 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(c) of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1, 2017) 

3.5 

Articles of Amendment effective May 31, 2000 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(d) of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1, 2017) 

3.6 

Articles of Amendment effective December 19, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on December 29, 2008) 

4.1 

Form of common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1, 2017) 

4.2 

Description of Registrant s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 4, 2020) 

4.3 

Form of 10-Year Subordinated Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on September 8, 2021) 

4.4 

Form of 15-Year Subordinated Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on September 8, 2021) 

10.1 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan and Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Uwharrie Capital Corp and Roger L. Dick, a compensatory plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on December 31, 2008) 

10.2 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan and Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Uwharrie Capital Corp and R. David Beaver, III, a compensatory plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on March 1, 2017) 

10.3 

2015 Stock Grant Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Form S-8 filed with SEC on October 27, 2015) 

10.4 

Form of 10-Year Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on September 8, 2021) 

10.5 

Form of 15-Year Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on September 8. 2021) 

10.6 

Uwharrie Capital Corp Employees 401(k) Retirement Plan Adoption Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Registrant s Form S-8 filed with SEC on December 23, 2021) 

77 

10.7 

Uwharrie Capital Corp Employees 401(k) Retirement Plan Plan Document (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of Registrant s Form S-8 filed with SEC on December 23, 2021) 

10.8 

Uwharrie Capital Corp Employees 401(k) Retirement Plan Amendment for SECURE Act (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of Registrant s Form S-8 filed with SEC on December 23, 2021) 

10.9 

Uwharrie Capital Corp Employees 401(k) Retirement Plan Amendment for CARES Act (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of Registrant s Form S-8 filed with SEC on December 23, 2021) 

10.10 

Uwharrie Capital Corp Employees 401(k) Retirement Plan Amendment Number Three (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of Registrant s Form S-8 filed with SEC on December 23, 2021) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant filed herewith 

23 

Consent of FORVIS, LLP filed herewith 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 

32 

Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 furnished herewith 

101 

Interactive data files providing financial information from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) filed herewith 

104 

Cover page interactive data file (formatted in inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. We have elected not to include such summary information. 

78 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP 

By: 

/s/ Roger L. Dick 

Roger L. Dick, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Roger L. Dick 

March 8, 2023 

Roger L. Dick, Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Heather H. Almond 

March 8, 2023 

Heather H. Almond, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ Merlin Amirtharaj 

March 8, 2023 

Merlin Amirtharaj, Director 

/s/ Aaron D. Bates 

March 8, 2023 

Aaron D. Bates, Director 

/s/ Dean M. Bowers 

March 8, 2023 

Dean M. Bowers, Director 

/s/ Joe S. Brooks 

March 8, 2023 

Joe S. Brooks, Director 

/s/ James O. Campbell 

March 8, 2023 

James O. Campbell, Director 

/s/ Vanessa O. Chambers 

March 8, 2023 

Vanessa O. Chambers, Director 

/s/ Tara G. Eudy 

March 8, 2023 

Tara G. Eudy, Director 

/s/ Deidre B. Foster 

March 8, 2023 

Deidre B. Foster, Director 

/s/ Allen K. Furr 

March 8, 2023 

Allen K. Furr, Director 

/s/ Cynthia B. Hanson 

March 8, 2023 

Cynthia B. Hanson, Director 

/s/ Matthew R. Hudson 

March 8, 2023 

Matthew R. Hudson, Director 

/s/ W. Chester Lowder 

March 8, 2023 

W. Chester Lowder, Director 

79 

/s/ Wesley A. Morgan 

March 8, 2023 

Wesley A. Morgan, Director 

/s/ Chris M. Poplin 

March 8, 2023 

Chris M. Poplin, Director 

/s/ Frank A. Rankin, III 

March 8, 2023 

Frank A. Rankin, III, Director 

/s/ Randy T. Russell 

March 8, 2023 

Randy T. Russell, Director 

/s/ Vernon A. Russell 

March 8, 2023 

Vernon A. Russell, Director 

/s/ Stephen C. Seltzer 

March 8, 2023 

Stephen C. Seltzer, Director 

/s/ Matthew A. Shaver 

March 8, 2023 

Matthew A. Shaver, Director 

/s/ S. Todd Swaringen 

March 8, 2023 

S. Todd Swaringen, Director 

80 

<EX-21>
 2
 uwhr-ex21_10.htm
 EX-21

uwhr-ex21_10.htm

Exhibit 21 
 UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 At December 31, 2022 

Subsidiaries of Uwharrie Capital Corp 

State of Incorporation 

Uwharrie Bank 

North Carolina 

Uwharrie Investment Advisors, Inc. 

North Carolina 

Uwharrie Mortgage, Inc. 

North Carolina 

Subsidiaries of Uwharrie Bank 

State of Incorporation 

The Strategic Alliance Corporation 

North Carolina 

BOS Agency, Inc. 

North Carolina 

Gateway Mortgage, Inc. 

North Carolina 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 uwhr-ex23_8.htm
 EX-23

uwhr-ex23_8.htm

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-146595, 333-261872 and 333-207626) of Uwharrie Capital Corp of our report dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Uwharrie Capital Corp, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 Asheville, North Carolina 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 uwhr-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

uwhr-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Roger L. Dick, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Uwharrie Capital Corp (the registrant 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ Roger L. Dick 

Roger L. Dick 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 uwhr-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

uwhr-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 UWHARRIE CAPITAL CORP 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Heather H. Almond, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Uwharrie Capital Corp (the registrant 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Heather H. Almond 

Heather H. Almond 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 uwhr-ex32_7.htm
 EX-32

uwhr-ex32_7.htm

Exhibit 32 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.ss.1350) 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that, to his or her knowledge, (i) the Form 10-K filed by Uwharrie Capital Corp (the Issuer for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in that report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer on the dates and for the periods presented therein. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Roger L. Dick 

Roger L. Dick 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Heather H. Almond 

Heather H. Almond 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 uwhr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 uwhr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 uwhr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 uwhr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 uwhr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

