<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1048286_0001628280-23-003485.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12135364</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>282257</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2741434</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3970954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2594063</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2348248</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-003485.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214150035
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-003485
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL INC /MD/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001048286
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				522055918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13881
		FILM NUMBER:		23627640

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7750 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3013803000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7750 WISCONSIN AVENUE
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW MARRIOTT MI INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971023

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-003485.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 mar-20221231.htm
 10-K

mar-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022, was . 
 There were shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding at February 7, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Page No. Part I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 Part II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 20 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 30 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 61 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 61 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 61 
 Item 9 C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 
 Part III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 62 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 62 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 62 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 62 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 62 
 Part IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 69 
 Signatures 
 70 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Throughout this report, we refer to Marriott International, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, as we, us, Marriott, or the Company. In order to make this report easier to read, we also refer throughout to (1) our Consolidated Financial Statements as our Financial Statements, (2) our Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) as our Income Statements, (3) our Consolidated Balance Sheets as our Balance Sheets, (4) our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as our Statements of Cash Flows, (5) our properties, brands, or markets in the United States and Canada as U.S. Canada, and (6) our properties, brands, or markets in our Caribbean and Latin America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Greater China, and Asia Pacific excluding China regions, as International. In addition, references throughout to numbered Notes refer to the Notes to our Financial Statements, unless otherwise stated. 
 
 Cautionary Statement 
 All statements in this report are made as of the date this Form 10-K is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We make forward-looking statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information available to us through the date this Form 10-K is filed with the SEC. Forward-looking statements include information related to Revenue per Available Room RevPAR ), average daily rate ADR ), occupancy and other future demand and recovery trends and expectations; our expectations regarding rooms growth; our expectations regarding our ability to meet our liquidity requirements; our capital expenditures and other investment spending expectations; our expectations regarding future dividends and share repurchases; our expectations regarding our acquisition of the City Express brand and the addition of the City Express hotels to our franchise system; and other statements that are preceded by, followed by, or include the words believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, foresees, or similar expressions; and similar statements concerning anticipated future events and expectations that are not historical facts. 
 We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to numerous evolving risks and uncertainties that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the risks and uncertainties we describe in Part I, Item 1A of this report and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Corporate Structure and Business 
 We are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties under numerous brand names at different price and service points. Consistent with our focus on management, franchising, and licensing, we own or lease very few of our lodging properties (less than one percent of our system). 
 The following table shows our portfolio of brands at year-end 2022. 
 
 We discuss our operations in the following two operating segments, both of which meet the applicable accounting criteria for separate disclosure as a reportable business segment: (1) U.S. Canada and (2) International. See Note 14 for more information. 
 Company-Operated Properties 
 At year-end 2022, we had 2,053 company-operated properties (576,243 rooms), which included properties under long-term management or lease agreements with property owners (management and lease agreements together, the Operating Agreements and properties that we own. 
 Terms of our management agreements vary, but we earn a management fee that is typically composed of a base management fee, which is a percentage of the revenues of the hotel, and an incentive management fee, which is based on the profits of the hotel. Our management agreements also typically include reimbursement of costs of operations (both direct and indirect). Such agreements are generally for initial periods of 20 to 30 years, with options for us to renew for up to 10 or more additional years. Our lease agreements also vary, but may include fixed annual rentals plus additional rentals based on a specified percentage of annual revenues that exceed a fixed amount. Many of our Operating Agreements are subordinated to mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness of the owners. Many of our Operating Agreements also permit the owners to terminate the agreement if we do not meet certain performance metrics, financial returns fail to meet defined levels for a period of time, and we have not cured those deficiencies. In certain circumstances, some of our management agreements allow owners to convert company-operated properties to franchised properties under our brands. 
 For the lodging facilities we operate, we generally are responsible for hiring, training, and supervising the managers and employees needed to operate the facilities and for purchasing supplies, and owners are required to reimburse us for those costs. We provide centralized programs and services, such as our Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program, reservations, and marketing, as well as various accounting and data processing services, and owners are required to reimburse us for those costs as well. 
 Franchised and Licensed Properties 
 We have franchising and licensing arrangements that permit hotel owners and operators to use many of our lodging brand names and systems. Under our hotel franchising arrangements, we generally receive an initial application fee and continuing royalty fees, which typically range from four to seven percent of room revenues for all brands, plus two to three percent of food and beverage revenues for certain full-service brands. Franchisees contribute to our centralized programs and services, such as our Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program, reservations, and marketing. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We also receive royalty fees under license agreements with Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, our former timeshare subsidiary that we spun off in 2011, and its affiliates (collectively, MVW ), for certain brands, including Marriott Vacation Club, Grand Residences by Marriott, The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club, Westin, Sheraton, and for certain existing properties, St. Regis and The Luxury Collection. We receive license fees from MVW consisting of a fixed annual fee, adjusted for inflation, plus certain variable fees based on sales volumes. 
 Finally, we receive royalty fees under agreements for The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection , which first set sail in 2022, combining the luxury lifestyle of The Ritz-Carlton with a yachting experience. 
 At year-end 2022, we had 6,122 franchised and licensed properties (937,683 rooms and timeshare units). 
 Residential 
 We use or license our trademarks for the sale of residential real estate, often in conjunction with hotel development, and receive branding fees for sales of such branded residential real estate by others. Third-party owners typically construct and sell residences with limited amounts, if any, of our capital at risk. We have used or licensed the JW Marriott, The Ritz-Carlton, Ritz-Carlton Reserve, W, The Luxury Collection, St. Regis, EDITION, Bvlgari, Renaissance, Le M ridien, Marriott, Sheraton, Westin, Four Points, Delta Hotels by Marriott, Autograph Collection, and Tribute Portfolio brand names and trademarks for residential real estate sales. At year-end 2022, we had 113 branded residential communities (11,481 residential units), for which we typically manage the related homeowners associations. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and our brand names, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos are very important to the development, sales and marketing of our properties and services. We believe that our brand names and other intellectual property have come to represent outstanding quality, care, service, and value to our customers, guests, and the traveling public. Accordingly, we register and protect our intellectual property where we deem appropriate and otherwise protect against its unauthorized use. 
 Brand Portfolio 
 We believe that our brand portfolio offers the most compelling range of brands and hotels in hospitality. Our brands are categorized by style of offering - Classic and Distinctive. Our Classic brands offer time-honored hospitality for the modern traveler, and our Distinctive brands offer memorable experiences with a unique perspective - each of which we group into three quality tiers: Luxury, Premium, and Select. 
 Luxury offers bespoke and superb amenities and services. Our Classic Luxury hotel brands include JW Marriott, The Ritz-Carlton, and St. Regis. Distinctive Luxury hotel brands in our portfolio include W Hotels, The Luxury Collection, EDITION, and Bvlgari. 
 Premium offers sophisticated and thoughtful amenities and services. Our Classic Premium hotel brands include Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Delta Hotels by Marriott, Marriott Executive Apartments, and Marriott Vacation Club. Our Distinctive Premium hotel brands include Westin, Renaissance Hotels, Le M ridien, Autograph Collection Hotels, Gaylord Hotels, Tribute Portfolio, and Design Hotels. 
 Select offers smart and easy amenities and services, with our longer stay brands offering amenities that mirror the comforts of home. Our Classic Select hotel brands include Courtyard, Residence Inn, Fairfield, SpringHill Suites, Four Points, TownePlace Suites, and Protea Hotels. Our Distinctive Select hotel brands include Aloft Hotels, AC Hotels by Marriott, Element Hotels, and Moxy Hotels. 
 The following table shows the geographic distribution of our brands at year-end 2022: 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Canada 
 Europe Middle East Africa Asia Pacific Caribbean Latin America Total Luxury JW Marriott 
 Properties 33 7 10 47 16 113 Rooms 18,796 2,387 4,247 17,009 4,296 46,735 The Ritz-Carlton 
 Properties 41 12 15 38 9 115 Rooms 12,508 2,689 3,988 9,192 2,007 30,384 W Hotels 
 Properties 25 8 7 20 7 67 Rooms 7,295 1,734 2,317 5,514 1,752 18,612 The Luxury Collection (1) 
 Properties 18 46 13 32 15 124 Rooms 5,484 6,616 2,493 8,268 1,542 24,403 St. Regis 
 Properties 10 5 11 23 4 53 Rooms 1,977 668 3,049 5,530 569 11,793 EDITION 
 Properties 5 4 3 3 15 Rooms 1,379 726 638 852 3,595 Bvlgari 
 Properties 3 1 3 7 Rooms 222 121 260 603 Premium Marriott Hotels 
 Properties 339 75 28 102 31 575 Rooms 132,960 21,454 8,726 33,992 8,311 205,443 Sheraton 
 Properties 172 50 33 146 29 430 Rooms 66,621 14,096 9,516 52,487 8,226 150,946 Westin 
 Properties 132 18 8 63 14 235 Rooms 53,756 5,968 2,030 19,450 3,955 85,159 Renaissance Hotels 
 Properties 89 27 5 44 9 174 Rooms 28,998 6,307 1,476 14,791 2,745 54,317 Le M ridien 
 Properties 25 16 23 49 2 115 Rooms 5,705 5,154 6,848 12,486 271 30,464 Autograph Collection Hotels (1) 
 Properties 146 68 13 19 36 282 Rooms 29,678 8,482 2,344 4,455 12,158 57,117 Delta Hotels by Marriott (Delta Hotels 
 Properties 87 30 5 2 1 125 Rooms 20,893 5,134 1,284 978 117 28,406 Gaylord Hotels 
 Properties 6 6 Rooms 10,220 10,220 Marriott Executive Apartments 
 Properties 4 12 18 2 36 Rooms 361 1,665 2,742 240 5,008 Tribute Portfolio (1) 
 Properties 51 17 2 12 7 89 Rooms 7,952 1,741 344 1,859 640 12,536 Design Hotels 
 Properties 10 26 6 2 6 50 Rooms 1,385 2,123 619 581 146 4,854 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Canada Europe Middle East Africa Asia Pacific Caribbean Latin America Total Select Courtyard by Marriott (Courtyard 
 Properties 1,050 74 10 99 47 1,280 Rooms 145,025 14,003 2,139 22,398 7,612 191,177 Residence Inn by Marriott (Residence Inn 
 Properties 849 21 7 8 885 Rooms 104,463 2,408 1,117 1,213 109,201 Fairfield by Marriott (Fairfield 
 Properties 1,141 96 16 1,253 Rooms 108,338 14,283 2,222 124,843 SpringHill Suites by Marriott (SpringHill Suites 
 Properties 532 532 Rooms 63,014 63,014 Four Points by Sheraton (Four Points 
 Properties 159 19 21 89 18 306 Rooms 24,058 3,291 5,113 23,133 2,332 57,927 TownePlace Suites by Marriott (TownePlace Suites 
 Properties 486 486 Rooms 49,719 49,719 Aloft Hotels 
 Properties 156 10 11 31 14 222 Rooms 22,582 1,676 2,555 6,790 2,313 35,916 AC Hotels by Marriott 
 Properties 107 89 2 7 17 222 Rooms 17,766 11,959 286 1,910 2,696 34,617 Protea Hotels by Marriott (Protea Hotels 
 Properties 1 64 65 Rooms 72 6,627 6,699 Element Hotels 
 Properties 82 1 6 8 97 Rooms 11,396 160 1,009 1,651 14,216 Moxy Hotels 
 Properties 28 81 13 122 Rooms 5,316 15,321 2,471 23,108 Residences Residences Properties 67 9 11 14 12 113 Rooms 7,128 326 1,580 1,864 583 11,481 Subtotal Properties 5,846 721 327 980 320 8,194 Subtotal Rooms 964,412 135,078 72,131 264,946 65,946 1,502,513 Timeshare (2) 
 Properties 93 Rooms 22,745 Yacht (2) 
 Properties 1 Rooms 149 Total Properties 8,288 Total Rooms 1,525,407 
 (1) Includes properties acquired when we purchased Elegant Hotels Group plc in December 2019, which we currently intend to re-brand under the following brands after the completion of planned renovations: The Luxury Collection (one property), Autograph Collection Hotels (four properties), and Tribute Portfolio (two properties). 
 (2) We exclude geographical data for Timeshare and Yacht as these offerings are captured within Unallocated corporate and other. 
 Loyalty and Credit Card Programs 
 Marriott Bonvoy is our travel loyalty program and marketplace through which members have access to our diverse brand portfolio, rich benefits, and travel experiences. Members can earn points for stays at our hotels and other lodging offerings, such as Homes Villas by Marriott Bonvoy TM , a global offering focusing on the premium and luxury tiers of rental homes, as well as through purchases with co-branded credit cards and our travel partners. Members can redeem their points for stays at most of our properties, airline tickets, airline frequent flyer program miles, rental cars, products from Marriott Bonvoy Boutiques , and a variety of other awards, including experiences from Marriott Bonvoy Moments TM . We refer to our Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program throughout this report as Marriott Bonvoy or our Loyalty Program. 
 We believe that Marriott Bonvoy generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing hotels. In 2022, over half of our global room nights were booked by Marriott Bonvoy members. We strategically market to this large and growing guest base to generate revenue. See the Loyalty Program caption in Note 2 for more information. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We have co-branded credit cards associated with Marriott Bonvoy in nine countries. In the U.S., we have multi-year agreements with JPMorgan Chase and American Express. We also license credit card programs internationally, including in Japan, Canada, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Mexico, and China. We generally earn fixed amounts that are payable at contract inception and variable amounts that are paid to us monthly over the term of the agreements primarily based on card usage. We believe that our co-branded credit cards contribute to the success of Marriott Bonvoy and reflect the quality and value of our portfolio of brands. 
 Sales and Marketing and Reservation Systems 
 Marriott.com, our international websites, and our mobile application allow for a seamless booking experience and easy enrollment in Marriott Bonvoy to book our exclusive Member Rates and participate in program benefits. Our Best Rate Guarantee ensures best rate integrity, strengthening consumer confidence in our brand and giving guests access to the best rates when they book hotel rooms through our direct channels. We remain focused on creating digital experiences that better connect our customers to travel, namely through our mobile application, which offers contactless check-in and check-out, chat, service requests, mobile key, and more. Our digital strategy remains focused on growing customer engagement via these elevated digital experiences to drive bookings to our direct channels, which generally deliver more profitable business to hotels in our system compared to bookings made through intermediary channels. We aim to create frictionless digital experiences for our guests, from inspiration to stay, to generate superior guest satisfaction and grow our loyal customer base. In addition, we are focused on driving digital engagement and direct bookings through improved search engine optimization, merchandising placements, increased destination-based content for leisure travelers, and additional language availability across our digital channels. 
 At year-end 2022, we operated 20 customer care and reservation centers, seven in the U.S. and 13 in other countries and territories. We own two of the U.S. facilities and either lease the others or share space with a company-operated property. 
 We believe our global sales and revenue management organizations are a key competitive advantage due to our focus on optimizing our investment in people, processes, and systems. Our above-property sales deployment strategy aligns our sales efforts around how the customer wants to buy, reducing duplication of efforts by individual hotels and allowing us to cover a larger number of accounts. We also utilize innovative and sophisticated revenue management systems, many of which are proprietary, which we believe provide a competitive advantage in pricing decisions, increasing efficiency and optimizing property-level revenue for hotels in our portfolio. Most of the hotels in our portfolio utilize web-based programs to effectively manage the rate set-up and modification processes. The use of these web-based programs provides for greater pricing flexibility, reduces time spent on rate program creation and maintenance, and increases the speed to market of new products and services. 
 Competition 
 We encounter strong competition in the short-term lodging market from large national and international chains that operate hotels or franchise their brands, unaffiliated hotels, and online platforms, including Airbnb and Vrbo, that allow travelers to book short-term rentals of homes and apartments as an alternative to hotel rooms. We compete for guests in many areas, including brand recognition and reputation, location, guest satisfaction, room rates, quality of service, amenities, quality of accommodations, safety and security, and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points. 
 Our direct digital channels also compete for guests with large companies that offer online travel services as part of their business model, such as Expedia.com, Priceline.com, Booking.com, Travelocity.com, and Orbitz.com and search engines such as Google, Bing, Yahoo, and Baidu. 
 Affiliation with a brand is common in the U.S. lodging industry, and we believe that our strong brand recognition assists us in attracting and retaining guests, owners, and franchisees. In 2022, approximately 72 percent of U.S. hotel rooms were brand-affiliated. Most of the branded properties in the U.S. are franchises, under which the owner pays the franchisor a fee for use of its brand name and reservation system. In the franchising business, we face many competitors that have strong brands and guest appeal, including Hilton, IHG Hotels Resorts, Hyatt, Wyndham Hotels Resorts, Accor, Choice Hotels, Best Western Hotels Resorts, and others. 
 Outside the U.S., branding is less prevalent, and many markets are served primarily by independent operators, although branding is more common for new hotel development compared to the past. We believe that chain affiliation will continue to become more attractive in many overseas markets as local economies grow, trade barriers decline, international travel accelerates, and hotel owners seek the benefits of centralized reservation systems, marketing programs, and loyalty programs. 
 Based on lodging industry data, we have an approximately 16 percent share of the U.S. hotel market and a four percent share of the hotel market outside the U.S. (based on number of rooms). We believe that our hotel brands are attractive to hotel owners seeking a management company or franchise affiliation because our hotels typically generate higher RevPAR than our 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 direct competitors in most market areas. We attribute this performance premium to our success in achieving and maintaining strong guest preference. We believe that the location and quality of our lodging facilities, our marketing programs, our reservation systems, Marriott Bonvoy, and our emphasis on guest service and guest and associate satisfaction contribute to guest preference across all our brands. 
 Seasonality 
 In general, business at company-operated and franchised properties fluctuates moderately with the seasons. Business at some resort properties may be more seasonal depending on location. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Marriott s long history of service, innovation, and growth is built on a culture of putting people first. We are committed to investing in our associates, with a focus on leadership development, recognition, compensation, career opportunity, and skills training. Over the past several years, we faced a number of staffing challenges, including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, evolving work environment, and competitive talent landscape. To address these challenges, we are focused on our talent attraction and retention strategies and reinforcing our culture to position us for future growth. 
 At year-end 2022, Marriott managed the employment of approximately 377,000 associates. This number includes 140,000 associates employed by Marriott at properties, customer care centers, and above-property operations, as well as 237,000 associates who are employed by our property owners but whose employment is managed by Marriott (which is common outside the U.S.). Approximately 111,000 of the associates employed by Marriott are located in the U.S., of which approximately 18,000 belong to labor unions. Outside the U.S., some of our associates are represented by trade unions, works councils, or employee associations. These numbers do not include hotel personnel employed by our franchisees or management companies hired by our franchisees. Marriott encourages our independent franchisees to develop responsible human capital management practices. 
 We are focused on maintaining Marriott s position as an employer of choice both for job seekers and our existing associates. To attract talent, we are targeting new labor pools, optimizing our recruiting practices, and sharing our story of long-term career potential. With the opening of our new global headquarters in Bethesda, Maryland, we adopted a hybrid work model to allow for increased flexibility and choice, to meet the evolving needs of our corporate workforce. For hotel-based associates, we are innovating the way hotel jobs are structured with the goal of increasing associate satisfaction and providing better service for our guests. 
 We encourage continual feedback discussions with our associates at all levels, and measure associate satisfaction through our Associate Engagement Survey, which gives all associates the opportunity to provide feedback about their work experience, providing us with valuable insights to drive improvements in our culture. Our associate engagement scores exceeded the Best Employer external benchmark in 2022, as they have in 10 prior years, and we were recognized as one of the Fortune Best Companies to Work for in 2022 for the 25th consecutive year. 
 Our human capital strategy is based on three signature elements Growing Great Leaders, Investing in Associates, and Access to Opportunity. 
 Growing Great Leaders 
 We believe that all associates, at every level, can inspire others through great leadership. Our framework is designed to help us grow great leaders and starts with competencies that clearly define what great leadership means at Marriott. These competencies have been integrated into our performance management process and leadership development programs. 
 Our talent development strategy is designed to provide opportunities for our associates to develop and grow their careers. It includes a variety of skills training, professional development, and other learning opportunities. Our Leadership Performance Acceleration program encourages managers and associates to have regular career and development conversations in order to provide actionable feedback and to help associates set and achieve career goals. 
 These programs and opportunities provide associates with career development and personal growth options and support our leadership development culture. 
 Investing in Associates 
 We are focused on providing our associates with the tools, resources, and support they need to thrive both personally and professionally. We have comprehensive compensation and benefits offerings designed to invest in our associates, and we regularly evaluate these programs for competitiveness against the external talent market. In addition, pay equity is foundational 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 to our compensation structures and practices. In the U.S., we conduct pay equity audits at least annually and make adjustments as needed. 
 We provide our eligible U.S. associates and their families with access to health care coverage, work/life support benefits, as well as other benefits, such as a retirement savings plan, employee stock purchase plan, paid time off, paid parental leave, and financial assistance to help with adoption fees. Outside the U.S., we also offer comprehensive compensation and benefit programs that vary based on the geographic market. Our TakeCare program provides associates with tools and resources to support their physical, mental, and financial wellbeing. 
 Access to Opportunity 
 Our company-wide diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI efforts include a range of initiatives and programs to support our goal to make all stakeholders (including associates, guests, owners, and suppliers) feel welcome and valued. The Inclusion and Social Impact Committee of our Board of Directors (the ISI Committee ), established 20 years ago, helps drive accountability for these efforts across the Company. The ISI Committee assists the Board in providing oversight of the Company s strategy, efforts, and commitments related to its people-first culture, associate well-being, inclusion, and other environmental, social and governance ESG matters. As part of our efforts to continue to diversify our senior leadership, we have established a goal to achieve global gender parity at the Vice President level and above by the end of 2023. We also have established an objective to increase the representation of people of color at the Vice President level and above in the U.S. to twenty-five percent by year-end 2025. 
 To better meet the needs of our diverse and changing workforce, we are continuing to evolve our hospitality jobs through workforce innovation. As part of this effort, we are blending certain hotel jobs to enhance the employment experience for our associates as well as providing scheduling flexibility. 
 Sustainability and Social Impact 
 Guided by our 2025 sustainability and social impact goals, as well as the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, we are focused on creating a positive and sustainable impact wherever we do business. Our sustainability and social impact platform, Serve 360: Doing Good in Every Direction, is built around four focus areas: Nurture Our World; Sustain Responsible Operations; Empower Through Opportunity; and Welcome All and Advance Human Rights each with targets to drive our efforts through 2025. These targets reflect our goals to (1) support the resiliency and sustainable development of the communities and environments where we do business, (2) work to reduce our environmental impacts, design and operate sustainable hotels, and source responsibly, while mitigating climate-related risk, (3) facilitate workplace readiness and access to opportunity in our business, and (4) create a safe, welcoming world, including by working with organizations to educate and advocate on issues related to human rights throughout and beyond our business. Although the COVID-19 pandemic and certain other factors have impacted our progress in some areas, we remain focused on advancing our sustainability and social impact goals and initiatives. 
 Our climate action efforts include committing to set a near-term science-based emissions reduction target SBT and set a long-term science-based target to reach net-zero value chain greenhouse gas GHG emissions by no later than 2050. We are currently preparing our SBT and net-zero targets for submission and developing longer-term strategies to support those targets. 
 Our sustainability strategy and initiatives focus on a wide range of issues, including designing resource-efficient hotels, implementing technologies to track and reduce energy and water consumption, as well as waste and food waste, increasing the use of renewable energy, managing climate and water-related risks, driving third-party certifications at the hotel-level, supporting innovative ecosystem restoration initiatives, and focusing on responsible and local sourcing. 
 In response to humanitarian crises, like war and natural disasters, our hotels often look to support their local communities in need by donating funds, hotel stays, food, supplies, and volunteer hours. We also deploy our Marriott Disaster Relief Fund to support associates and their families impacted by crises, such as the war in Ukraine, as well as charitable organizations providing relief on the ground. In 2022, to further our human rights efforts, we reached the milestone of training one million associates in human trafficking awareness, a major step toward our goal to train 100 percent of on-property associates by 2025. Additionally, in collaboration with leading anti-trafficking and hospitality organizations, we donated our recently updated training to the lodging industry and made it available to other individuals and organizations outside the industry, such as travelers and non-profit organizations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulations 
 As a company with global operations, we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and government policies in the U.S. and in jurisdictions around the world. Some of the regulations that most affect us include those related to employment practices; environment, health, and safety; trade and economic sanctions; competition; anti-bribery and anti-corruption; cybersecurity; data privacy, data localization, and the handling of personally identifiable information; the offer and sale of franchises; and liquor sales. 
 Internet Address and Company SEC Filings 
 Our primary Internet address is Marriott.com. On the investor relations portion of our website, Marriott.com/investor, we provide a link to our electronic filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports. We make all such filings available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after filing. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 We are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other Company communications. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Industry 
 Our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully for guests . We operate in markets that contain many competitors. Our hotel brands and other lodging offerings generally compete with major hotel chains, regional hotel chains, independent hotels, and home sharing and rental services across national and international venues. Our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business, group and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services, including our Loyalty Program, direct booking channels, consumer-facing technology platforms and services, and other offerings (including our co-branded credit cards). If we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. Further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to maintain or increase room rates or occupancy in those markets. 
 Economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions and events could further impact our business, financial results and growth . Because we conduct our business on a global scale, we are affected by changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), and geopolitical, public health, social and other conditions and events. Our business, financial results and growth are impacted by weak or volatile economic conditions, pandemics and other outbreaks of disease, natural and man-made disasters, changes in energy prices and currency values, political instability, geopolitical conflict, actual or threatened war, terrorist activity and other acts of violence, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over the foregoing. These conditions and events have in the past materially negatively impacted, and could in the future materially negatively impact, our business, operations, and financial results in many ways, including, but not limited to, as follows: 
 reducing revenues at our managed and franchised hotels, owned and leased hotels, and properties in which we have an investment, potentially impacting their ability to meet expenses, including payment of amounts owed to us; 
 adversely affecting the value of our owned and leased properties or investments; 
 affecting the ability or willingness of hotel owners and franchisees to service, repay or refinance existing indebtedness or similar obligations, including loans or guaranty advances we have made to or for them; 
 making it more difficult for hotel owners and franchisees to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms, or at all; 
 causing hotel construction and opening delays; 
 decreasing the rate at which new projects enter our pipeline; 
 causing hotels to exit our system; 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 requiring us to borrow or otherwise raise a significant amount of cash in order to preserve financial flexibility, repay maturing debt and manage debt maturities; 
 causing the terms of our borrowing to be more expensive or more restrictive; and 
 adversely affecting associate hiring and retention. 
 Although COVID-19 s negative impact on our business, operations, and financial results has significantly decreased since 2020, we are continuing to see some of the foregoing effects and could see additional effects in the future. The conditions and events discussed in this risk factor could also give rise to, aggravate, and impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate the other risks that we identify below, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Operational Risks 
 Premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance . Our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, the failure of a hotel owner or franchisee to comply with its payment or other obligations under the agreement, a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria which we do not cure, or in certain limited cases, other negotiated contractual termination rights. Some courts have also applied agency law principles and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements to be personal services contracts ). Property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. When terminations occur for certain of these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. We may have difficulty collecting damages from the hotel owner or franchisee, and any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management or franchise agreement. A significant loss of these agreements could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business. 
 Disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in arbitration or litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives . Consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. The nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation. This has from time to time given rise to disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees, and may give rise to such disagreements in the future, including over the need for or payment for new product, service, or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for operating costs, system costs, or other amounts. We have seen, and may in the future see, an increase in such disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees during periods when hotel returns are weaker. We seek to resolve any disagreements and to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners, franchisees, and real estate investment partners, but we cannot always do so. Failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in arbitration or litigation, and could do so in the future. We could suffer significant losses, reduced profits, or constraints on our operations as the result of adverse dispute resolution outcomes. 
 An increase in the use of third-party Internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business . Some of our hotel rooms are booked through Internet travel intermediaries such as Expedia.com, Priceline.com, Booking.com, Travelocity.com, and Orbitz.com, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. These intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. Although our Best Rate Guarantee and Member Rate programs have helped limit guest preference shift to intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract guests, including the purchase by certain companies of trademarked online keywords such as Marriott from Internet search engines such as Google, Bing, Yahoo, and Baidu to steer guests toward their websites. Our business and profitability could be harmed to the extent that online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from our direct online channels, or through their fees, increasing the overall cost of Internet bookings for our hotels. At the same time, if we are not able to negotiate new agreements on satisfactory terms when our existing contracts with intermediaries (which generally have two- to three- year terms) come up for renewal, our business and prospects could be negatively impacted in a number of ways, including by reducing bookings or making our brands less attractive to hotel owners. 
 Our growth strategy depends upon attracting third-party owners and franchisees to our platform, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable to us, depending on the terms offered by our competitors . 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Adding properties to our system entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. The terms of our management agreements and franchise agreements for each of our properties are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. We cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to renew agreements or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today. 
 The effects of, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws, regulations and government policies may disrupt our business, lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, or damage our reputation. We and the hotels that we franchise or manage are subject to a variety of laws, regulations and government policies around the globe, including, among others, those related to employment practices; marketing and advertising efforts; trade and economic sanctions; anti-bribery and anti-corruption; intellectual property; cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, and the handling of personally identifiable information; competition; climate and the environment; health and safety; liquor sales; and the offer and sale of franchises. These laws, regulations, and government policies may be complex and change frequently and could have a range of adverse effects on our business. The compliance programs, internal controls, and policies we maintain and enforce may need to be updated regularly to keep pace with changing laws, regulations and government policies and may not prevent our associates, contractors, or agents from materially violating applicable laws, regulations and government policies. The requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and government policies, our failure to meet such requirements (including investigations and publicity resulting from actual or alleged failures), or actions we take in order to comply with such requirements or investigations could have significant adverse effects on our results of operations, reputation, or ability to grow our business. 
 Exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results . We earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the U.S. Accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of U.S. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the U.S. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. We are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our non-U.S. business are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to U.S. dollars for inclusion in our Financial Statements. As a result, exchange rate changes between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. To the extent that our international operations continue to grow, our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow. Even though we enter into foreign exchange hedging arrangements for some of the currencies in which we do business, exchange rate fluctuations could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our results. Our hedging arrangements may also create their own costs and risks, in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements, and counterparty risk. 
 Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our Company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations . Many factors can affect the reputation and value of our Company or one or more of our properties or brands, including our ability to protect and use our brands and trademarks; our properties adherence to service and other brand standards; our approach to, or incidents involving, matters related to food quality and safety, guest and associate safety, health and cleanliness, managing and reducing our carbon footprint and our use of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, and diversity, human rights, and support for local communities; and our compliance with applicable laws. Reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us, our brands, and our properties, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. While reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations, proceedings or penalties, or litigation. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our Loyalty Program, loss of development opportunities, adverse government attention, or associate retention and recruiting difficulties. Any material decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our brands or corporate image could affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Actions by our franchisees and licensees or others could adversely affect our image and reputation . We franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties for lodging, timeshare, and residential properties, and with respect to our credit card programs and other offerings. Under the terms of their agreements with us, these third parties interact directly with guests and others under our brand and trade names. If these third parties fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data or privacy incident, or a circumstance involving guest or associate health or safety; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, then our image and reputation could suffer. Although our agreements with these parties provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, it could be expensive or time-consuming for us to pursue such remedies and even if we are successful in pursuing such remedies, that may not be sufficient to mitigate reputational harm 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 to us. We also cannot assure you that in every instance a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights or that we could collect any awarded damages from the defaulting party. 
 Collective bargaining activity and strikes could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs, and interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies . A significant number of associates at our managed, leased, and owned hotels are covered by collective bargaining agreements. If relationships with our organized associates or the unions that represent them become adverse, then the properties we operate could experience labor disruptions such as strikes, lockouts, boycotts, and public demonstrations. Numerous collective bargaining agreements are typically subject to negotiation each year, and our ability in the past to resolve such negotiations does not mean that we will be able to resolve future negotiations without strikes, disruptions, or on terms that we consider reasonable. Labor disputes and disruptions could result in adverse publicity or regulatory investigations and adversely affect operations and revenues at affected hotels, as we have seen at times in the past. In addition, labor disputes and disruptions or increased demands from labor unions could harm our relationship with our associates, result in increased regulatory requirements or inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities, harm our relationships with our guests and customers, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services, all of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 In addition, labor regulation and the negotiation of new or existing collective bargaining agreements could lead to higher wage and benefit costs, changes in work rules that raise operating expenses and legal costs, and could impose limitations on our ability or the ability of our third-party property owners to take cost saving measures during economic downturns. We do not have the ability to control the negotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering unionized labor employed by the operators of our franchised properties. Increased unionization of our workforce, new labor legislation, or changes in regulations could disrupt our operations, reduce our profitability, or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. 
 Our business could suffer if we cannot attract and retain associates or as the result of the loss of the services of our senior executives . We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for personnel. We have experienced challenges hiring for certain positions due to various factors, such as increasing wage expectations and competition for labor from other industries, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future to an extent and for durations that we are not able to predict. If we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of associates, we could experience significant negative impacts on our operations, associate morale and turnover, guest satisfaction, or our internal control environment. Insufficient numbers of associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. Labor shortages have resulted and could continue to result in higher wages and initial hiring costs, increasing our labor costs and labor costs at our hotels, which could reduce our revenues and profits. In addition, the efforts and abilities of our senior executives are important elements of maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth, and the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives could result in challenges executing our business strategies or other adverse effects on our business. The impact of COVID-19 on the hospitality industry, and actions that we and others in the hospitality industry have taken and may take in the future with respect to our associates and executives in response to COVID-19, have adversely affected and may in the future continue to adversely affect our ability to attract and retain associates and executives. 
 Extreme weather, climate change, and sustainability-related concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations . We are subject to the risks associated with extreme weather and climate change, including the impacts of the physical effects of climate change, changes in laws and regulations related to climate change and sustainability, and changing consumer preferences. Natural disasters and extreme weather in locations where we manage, franchise, own or lease properties or in areas of the world from which we draw a large number of guests may cause a significant decline in travel and reduced demand for lodging. The prevalence of these events may continue to increase as the result of climate change. Natural disasters, extreme weather, and other physical impacts of climate change (including rising sea levels, extreme hot or cold weather, water shortages, fire, and droughts) have in the past and could in the future result in increases in related insurance, energy or other operating costs, and physical damage to our hotels that might not be covered by insurance and might prevent or limit the operations of the property. Significant costs could be involved in improving the efficiency and climate resiliency of our hotels and otherwise preparing for, responding to, and mitigating the physical effects of climate change or sustainability-related concerns. Compliance with future climate-related legislation and regulation, and our current or future voluntary efforts to achieve science-based emissions reduction targets or other sustainability initiatives, could also be difficult and costly. Growing public recognition of the dangers of climate change and other sustainability-related concerns may affect customers travel choices, including their frequency of travel. As a result of the foregoing, we may experience reduced demand, significant increased operating and compliance costs, operating disruptions or limitations, constraints on our room growth, and even physical damage to our hotels, all of which could adversely affect our profits and growth. 
 Insurance may not cover damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise, or other aspects of our business, and the cost of such insurance could increase . We require comprehensive property and liability insurance 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary. We also require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. Market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. Certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, terrorist acts, pandemics, or liabilities that result from incidents involving the security of information systems, may result in high deductibles, low limits, or may be uninsurable, or the cost of obtaining insurance may be unacceptably high. As a result, we, our hotel owners, and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels, or may not be successful in obtaining insurance at all. For example, over the past several years following the severe and widespread damage caused by natural disasters, coupled with continued large global losses, the property, liability, and other insurance markets have seen significant cost increases. Also, due to the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood reservations database, which we initially reported in November 2018 (the Data Security Incident ), and the state of the cyber insurance market generally, the costs for our cyber insurance increased with each of our renewals over the last several years, and the cost of such insurance could continue to increase for future policy periods. Further, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we, our hotel owners, or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. As a result, our revenues and profits could be adversely affected, and for properties we own or lease, we could lose some or all of the capital that we have invested in the property and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations. 
 If our brands, goodwill, or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. As of December 31, 2022, we had 17.6 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in guests perception and the reputation of our brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. Because of the significance of our goodwill and other intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial condition and results of operations. 
 Development and Financing Risks 
 Our hotel owners and franchisees depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and they may be unable to access capital when necessary . Current and potential hotel owners and franchisees must periodically spend money to fund new hotel investments, as well as to refurbish and improve existing hotels. The availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners and franchisees depends in large measure on their ability to access the capital markets, over which we have little control. Obtaining financing on attractive terms has been, and may in the future be further, constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. In addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity. 
 Our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments . Our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised Marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. These include site availability, financing availability, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy and rate, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, demand for and availability of construction resources, and other disruptive conditions in global, regional, or local markets. 
 Our renovation activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks . We occasionally acquire and renovate hotel properties, both directly and through partnerships and other business structures with third parties. This presents a number of risks, including that: (1) market conditions may limit the availability of capital for project completion or take-out financing or make properties that we renovate less attractive to potential purchasers, with the result that we may not be able to complete or sell such properties at the prices or times we anticipate or we may be required to record additional impairment charges; and (2) construction delays or cost overruns, including those due to general market conditions, shortages or increased costs of skilled labor and/or materials, lender financial defaults, or so-called Acts of God such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase project costs. We could face similar risks to the extent we undertake development activities again in the future. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks . We have a number of owned and leased properties, which are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. We may seek to sell some of these properties over time; however, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly. We may not be able to complete asset sales at prices we find acceptable, or at all. Moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated, if any, by the particular properties, and the expenses incurred. A variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including local market conditions and new supply of hotels and other lodging products, availability and costs of staffing, governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. Our real estate investments have been, and could in the future be, impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. If our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses and make needed capital expenditures, our income could be adversely affected, and we could be required to record additional significant non-cash impairment charges to our results of operations. 
 Risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits . We participate, through licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under many of our luxury and premium brand names and trademarks. Such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including risks that: (1) changes in residential real estate demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future project developers of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability or the tax benefits of mortgage financing or residential ownership generally, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims or claims related to purchaser deposits, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant. 
 More hotel projects in our development pipeline may be cancelled or delayed in opening, which could adversely affect our growth prospects . We report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction, hotels subject to signed contracts, and hotels approved for development but not yet under contract. The eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the approved hotels that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including the other risks described in this section. We have seen construction timelines for pipeline hotels lengthen due to various factors, including competition for skilled construction labor, challenges related to financing, and disruption in permitting and the supply chain for materials, and these circumstances could continue or worsen in the future. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that all of our development pipeline will result in new hotels entering our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate. 
 Losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties impact our profits . At times, we make loans for hotel development, acquisition, or renovation expenditures when we enter into or amend management or franchise agreements. From time to time we also provide third-party lenders with financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. We have suffered losses, and could suffer losses in the future, when hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded. 
 If owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed . The owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. If those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and foreclose on the property, or the owners could declare bankruptcy, as we have seen in the past and could see in the future. In some cases, such foreclosures or bankruptcies have in the past resulted, and could in the future result, in the termination of our management or franchise agreements, eliminating our anticipated income and cash flows, which could have a significant negative effect on our results of operations. 
 Technology, Information Protection, and Privacy Risks 
 Any disruption in the functioning of our reservation, Loyalty Program, or other core operational systems could adversely affect our performance and results . We manage global reservation and Loyalty Program systems or use third-party service providers reservation systems that communicate reservation and transactional information to our properties from individuals who book reservations directly with us online, through our mobile apps, through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, Internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. The cost, speed, accuracy, and efficiency of our reservation, Loyalty Program, and other core operational systems are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. Our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 upgrade, or prevent disruption to these systems. Disruptions in or changes to these systems could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. 
 A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position . The lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, property management, human resources and payroll systems, our Loyalty Program, and technologies we make available to our guests and for our associates. We are currently undertaking a multi-year initiative to upgrade certain of our core technologies and systems, as these and other technologies and systems described in this risk factor must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis. Our business could suffer if we cannot refine, update, and/or replace technologies and systems as quickly or effectively as our competitors, sufficiently in advance of obsolescence or performance failure or degradation, or within budgeted costs and time frames. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new or upgraded technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower guest satisfaction or could impair our operating results. Our business could also suffer if the use of technologies that provide alternatives to in-person meetings and events results in a decrease in demand for our lodging properties. 
 We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of Company, associate, and guest data . In the operation of our business, we collect, store, use, and transmit large volumes of personal data regarding associates, guests, customers, owners, licensees, franchisees, and our own business operations, including credit card numbers, reservation and loyalty data, and other personal data, in various information systems that we maintain and in systems maintained by third parties, including those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers. The integrity and protection of this personal data is critical to our business. Our guests and associates also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect and appropriately use their personal data. The information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by global laws and governmental regulation, our contractual obligations, and the requirements of the payment card industry continue to become increasingly stringent in many jurisdictions in which we operate. Our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing legal and regulatory requirements and associate and guest expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time to do so. We have incurred and may in the future incur significant additional costs to meet these requirements, obligations, and expectations, and in the event of alleged or actual noncompliance, we may experience increased operating costs, increased exposure to payment obligations and litigation, and increased risk of damage to our reputation and brand. 
 The Data Security Incident, and other information security incidents, could have numerous adverse effects on our business . As a result of the Data Security Incident, numerous lawsuits were filed against us, as described further in Note 7. We may be named as a party in additional lawsuits and other claims may be asserted by or on behalf of guests, customers, hotel owners, stockholders, or others seeking monetary damages or other relief related to the Data Security Incident. A number of federal, state, and foreign governmental authorities made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the Data Security Incident, including under various data protection and privacy regulations. Responding to and resolving these lawsuits, claims, and/or investigations has resulted in payments and other expenses, such as the 18.4 million payment imposed by the Information Commissioner s Office in the United Kingdom (the ICO in connection with the ICO s final decision issued in October 2020, and could result in material additional payments or remedial or other expenses. Other governmental authorities investigating or seeking information about the Data Security Incident have imposed and may further impose undertakings, injunctive relief, consent decrees, or other civil or criminal penalties, which could, among other things, materially increase our costs or otherwise require us to alter how we operate our business. Significant management time and Company resources have been, and will continue to be, devoted to matters related to the Data Security Incident. Future publicity or developments related to the Data Security Incident, including as a result of subsequent reports or regulatory actions or developments, could have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of consumer confidence, reduced consumer demand, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our Loyalty Program, and associate retention and recruiting difficulties. Insurance coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the Data Security Incident may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including the final payment imposed by the ICO and any other payments, fines or penalties) related to the Data Security Incident, and certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. 
 Additional cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business . We have implemented enhanced security measures to safeguard our systems and data, and we intend to continue implementing additional measures in the future, but, as we have seen in the past, our measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality, security, or availability of the data we collect, store, and use to operate our business. Measures taken by our service providers or our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners or their service providers also may not be sufficient, as we have seen in the past. Efforts to hack or circumvent security measures, efforts to gain unauthorized access to, exploit or disrupt the operation or integrity of our data or systems, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, ransomware or other malware, 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 supply chain attacks, phishing or other types of business communications compromises, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data have impacted, and may in the future impact, our information systems and records or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. Our reliance on computer, Internet-based, and mobile systems and communications, and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by third parties to gain unauthorized access or prevent authorized access to such systems, have greatly increased in recent years. Our increased reliance on cloud-based services and on remote access to information systems increases the Company s exposure to potential cybersecurity incidents. We have experienced cyberattacks, attempts to disrupt access to our systems and data, and attempts to affect the operation or integrity of our data or systems, and the frequency and sophistication of such efforts could continue to increase. Any additional significant theft of, unauthorized access to, compromise or loss of, loss of access to, or fraudulent use of guest, associate, owner, franchisee, licensee, or Company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in legal, regulatory and other consequences, including remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. Depending on the nature and scope of the event, future compromises in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers or other future disruptions or compromises of data or systems could lead to future interruptions in, or other adverse effects on, the operation of our systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, other business partners, or service providers. This could result in operational interruptions and/or outages and a loss of profits, as well as negative publicity and other adverse effects on our business, including lost sales, loss of consumer confidence, boycotts, reduced enrollment and/or participation in our Loyalty Program, litigation, diminished associate satisfaction, and/or retention and recruiting difficulties, all of which could materially affect our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Because we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, additional incidents or the failure to detect and appropriately respond to additional incidents could magnify the severity of the adverse effects on our business. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage information systems change frequently, can be difficult to detect for long periods of time, and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, which could also magnify the severity of these adverse effects. We cannot assure you that all potential causes of past significant incidents have been identified and remediated; additional measures may be needed to prevent significant incidents in the future. The steps we take may not be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents and as a result, such incidents may occur again. Although we carry cyber insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient or available to cover all expenses or other losses (including payments to regulatory authorities) or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyberattacks, security compromises, and other related incidents. Furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation . We are subject to numerous, complex, and frequently changing laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information. Various U.S. federal and state laws, data privacy and data security laws outside of the U.S., payment card industry security standards, and other information privacy and security standards are all applicable to us. Significant legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes have been and could be issued in the future. Compliance with changes in applicable data security and privacy laws and regulations and contractual obligations, including the need to respond to investigations into our compliance, has increased and may in the future increase our costs, and may restrict our business operations, increase our exposure to payment obligations and litigation in the event of alleged noncompliance, and adversely affect our reputation. 
 Changes in laws could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively . We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising (including through social media), and postal mailings. Any further legal restrictions under various U.S. federal, state, or international laws, or new international, federal, or state laws on marketing and solicitation or international privacy, e-privacy, and anti-spam laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising (including through social media), and postal mailing techniques and could require changes in our marketing strategy. If this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. We also obtain access to potential guests and customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships, and we market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other companies marketing materials. If access to these lists were to be prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new guests and customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired. 
 Governance Risk 
 Delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our Board of Directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. Under the Delaware business combination statute, a stockholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without Board of Directors consent for at least three years after the date the stockholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. Our governing corporate documents 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. In addition, our Board of Directors could, without stockholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a stockholder rights plan. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels and other lodging offerings, rather than own them. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or leased 26 hotels in U.S. Canada and 38 hotels in International. Additionally, most of our regional offices, customer care and reservation centers, and sales offices, as well as our corporate headquarters, are in leased facilities. See Part I, Item 1, Business, earlier in this report, and the Properties and Rooms caption in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information about our company-operated properties. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 See the information under the Litigation, Claims, and Government Investigations caption in Note 7, which we incorporate here by reference. Within this section, we use a threshold of 1 million in disclosing material environmental proceedings involving a governmental authority, if any. 
 From time to time, we are also subject to other legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including adjustments proposed during governmental examinations of the various tax returns we file. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcome of these other proceedings, individually and in aggregate, will not materially harm our financial position, cash flows, or overall trends in results of operations, legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and unfavorable rulings could, individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 See the information under Information about our Executive Officers in Part III, Item 10 of this report for information about our executive officers, which we incorporate here by reference. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 At February 7, 2023, 308,121,159 shares of our Class A Common Stock (our common stock were outstanding and were held by 32,128 stockholders of record. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the trading symbol MAR. 
 
 Fourth Quarter 2022 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 3.0 149.16 3.0 6.3 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 2.8 159.06 2.8 28.5 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 2.9 155.66 2.9 25.6 
 (1) On February 28, 2019, we announced that our Board of Directors increased our common stock repurchase authorization by 25 million shares. In addition, on November 10, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors further increased our common stock repurchase authorization by 25 million shares. At year-end 2022, 25.6 million shares remained available for repurchase under Board approved authorizations. We repurchase shares in the open market and in privately negotiated transactions and account for these shares as treasury stock. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Reserved. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for year-end 2021 compared to year-end 2020 can be found in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 15, 2022 2021 Form 10-K ). 
 
 BUSINESS AND OVERVIEW 
 Overview 
 We are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties in 138 countries and territories under 30 brand names. Under our asset-light business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. We discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: (1) U.S. Canada and (2) International. 
 Terms of our management agreements vary, but our management fees generally consist of base management fees and incentive management fees. Base management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue. Incentive management fees are typically calculated as a percentage of a hotel profitability measure, and, in many cases (particularly in our U.S. Canada, Europe, and Caribbean Latin America regions), are subject to a specified owner return. Under our franchise agreements, franchise fees are typically calculated as a percentage of property-level revenue or a portion thereof. Additionally, we earn franchise fees for the use of our intellectual property, such as fees from our co-branded credit card, timeshare, and residential programs. 
 On September 23, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, formerly known as Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Starwood ), through a series of transactions, after which Starwood became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 Performance Measures 
 We believe Revenue per Available Room RevPAR ), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. RevPAR may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues, and should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. We also believe occupancy and average daily rate ADR ), which are components of calculating RevPAR, are meaningful indicators of our performance. Occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available (including rooms in hotels temporarily closed due to issues related to COVID-19), measures the utilization of a property s available capacity. ADR, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels. RevPAR, occupancy, and ADR statistics are on a systemwide basis for comparable properties, unless otherwise stated. Comparisons to prior periods are on a constant U.S. dollar basis. We calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period. 
 We define our comparable properties as our properties that were open and operating under one of our brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since January 1, 2021 for the current period) and have not, in either the current or previous year: (1) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (2) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (3) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, with the exception of properties closed or otherwise experiencing interruptions related to COVID-19, which we continue to classify as comparable. For 2022 compared to 2021, we had 5,123 comparable U.S. Canada properties and 1,548 comparable International properties. RevPAR, occupancy, and ADR comparisons between 2022 and 2019, which we discuss under the Business Trends caption below, reflect properties that are defined as comparable as of December 31, 2022, September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, or March 31, 2022 (as applicable), even if in 2019 they were not open and operating for the full year or did not meet all the other criteria listed above. Unless otherwise stated, all comparisons to pre-pandemic or 2019 are comparing to the same time period each year. 
 
 Business Trends 
 We continued to see strong global RevPAR improvement throughout 2022 despite Greater China continuing to be significantly negatively impacted by COVID-19 through the end of the 2022 fourth quarter. While RevPAR recovery at the beginning of 2022 was dampened due to the emergence of COVID-19 variants, RevPAR quickly improved, resulting in 2022 third quarter worldwide RevPAR exceeding 2019 levels for the first time since the pandemic began. By the 2022 fourth quarter, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 worldwide RevPAR exceeded 2019 levels by 4.6 percent, reflecting ADR growth of 12.8 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 5.1 percentage points compared to 2019 levels. The global recovery continued across all customer segments, led by robust leisure demand as well as strengthening group demand, which was higher than 2019 levels in certain regions during the 2022 fourth quarter. Business transient demand also continued to improve during 2022, although it continued to lag behind 2019 levels. 
 RevPAR in 2022 compared to 2021 improved 46.5 percent in our U.S. Canada segment, 66.2 percent in our International segment, and 51.0 percent worldwide. RevPAR in 2022 compared to pre-pandemic 2019 levels declined 4.0 percent worldwide, with improvement in the decline each succeeding quarter during 2022 for each of our segments and worldwide. 
 In the U.S. Canada, RevPAR declined only 0.8 percent in 2022 compared to 2019, due to a decline in occupancy of 6.0 percentage points, partially offset by ADR growth of 8.1 percent. In the 2022 fourth quarter, U.S. Canada RevPAR improved 5.2 percent compared to the same period in 2019, due to ADR growth of 11.1 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 3.7 percentage points. The decline in occupancy as compared to 2019 improved sequentially in each quarter of 2022, reflecting strong demand recovery in many markets within the U.S. Canada. 
 Internationally, RevPAR declined 11.9 percent in 2022 compared to 2019, due to a decline in occupancy of 12.2 percentage points, partially offset by ADR growth of 7.0 percent. In the 2022 fourth quarter, International RevPAR improved 3.4 percent compared to the same period in 2019, due to ADR growth of 17.3 percent, partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 8.3 percentage points. In the 2022 fourth quarter, RevPAR remained significantly below 2019 levels in Greater China, but exceeded pre-pandemic 2019 levels in the Caribbean Latin America, Europe, Middle East Africa, and Asia Pacific excluding China regions, driven by strengthening demand, especially from cross-border guests and meaningful growth in ADR. 
 Although COVID-19 s negative impact on our business has significantly decreased and we saw strong global RevPAR improvement in 2022, our business is subject to the effects of changes in global and regional conditions and these conditions can change rapidly. We continue to monitor global economic conditions, and although we are not currently seeing signs of a slowdown in lodging demand, the lodging booking window is short and trends can change quickly. 
 
 Starwood Data Security Incident 
 On November 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood reservations database (the Data Security Incident ). The Starwood reservations database is no longer used for busi ness operations. 
 We are currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the Company from the Data Security Incident in excess of the expenses already recorded. However, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. Although our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the Data Security Incident, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants) related to the Data Security Incident. In addition, certain expenses by their nature (such as, for example, expenses related to enhancing our cybersecurity program) are not covered by our insurance program. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the Data Security Incident in future periods in excess of the amounts already recorded, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional monetary payments to regulators and/or litigants as well as costs associated with compliance with any settlements or resolutions of matters). See Note 7 for additional information related to legal proceedings and governmental investigations related to the Data Security Incident. 
 
 System Growth and Pipeline 
 In 2022, our system grew from 7,989 properties (1,479,179 rooms) at year-end 2021 to 8,288 properties (1,525,407 rooms) at year-end 2022, reflecting gross additions of 394 properties (65,376 rooms) and deletions of 94 properties (19,079 rooms), including the impact of the Company s decision to suspend its operations in Russia. Approximately 61 percent of our 2022 gross room additions were located outside U.S. Canada, and 27 percent were conversions from competitor brands. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 At year-end 2022, we had more than 496,000 hotel rooms in our development pipeline, which includes approximately 199,000 hotel rooms under construction and roughly 22,300 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. Over half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside U.S. Canada. In 2022, we signed 726 new management and franchise agreements, representing nearly 108,000 rooms, of which approximately half of the rooms are located outside U.S. Canada. Our Select hotel brands continued to be a key growth driver globally with 523 hotel properties signed during 2022. In particular, our longer stay brands, which include Element Hotels, Residence Inn, and TownePlace Suites, accounted for 30 percent of the Company s signings in 2022. In addition, contracts signed in 2022 reflected the Company s strength in the luxury tier, with 42 luxury hotel agreements signed, representing nearly 8,000 rooms. Conversions accounted for nearly 20 percent of rooms signings in 2022. 
 In 2023, we expect total gross rooms growth of approximately 5.5 percent and net rooms growth of 4.0 to 4.5 percent, including approximately 1.1 percent from the anticipated addition of rooms associated with the City Express brand acquisition discussed in Note 3, which are not reflected in the development pipeline discussed above. 
 
 Properties and Rooms 
 At year-end 2022, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties and rooms: 
 Managed Franchised/Licensed Owned/Leased Residential Total Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms Properties Rooms U.S. Canada 
 632 215,331 5,121 735,470 26 6,483 67 7,128 5,846 964,412 International 
 1,357 345,220 907 179,319 38 9,209 46 4,353 2,348 538,101 Timeshare 93 22,745 93 22,745 Yacht 1 149 1 149 Total 1,989 560,551 6,122 937,683 64 15,692 113 11,481 8,288 1,525,407 

Lodging Statistics 
 The following tables present RevPAR, occupancy, and ADR statistics for comparable properties for 2022, and 2022 compared to 2021. Systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties. RevPAR Occupancy Average Daily Rate 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Comparable Company-Operated Properties U.S. Canada 
 159.06 67.0 65.3 17.9 pts. 243.73 21.3 Greater China 53.22 (18.5) 47.5 (8.0) pts. 112.14 (4.8) Asia Pacific excluding China 84.41 122.5 59.2 23.1 pts. 142.60 35.8 Caribbean Latin America 126.55 67.0 60.8 17.7 pts. 208.17 18.4 Europe 153.51 148.3 63.5 30.3 pts. 241.65 29.9 Middle East Africa 124.63 52.8 64.7 13.1 pts. 192.54 22.0 International - All (1) 
 94.64 55.5 57.0 11.7 pts. 166.06 23.4 Worldwide (2) 
 123.30 61.9 60.7 14.5 pts. 203.23 23.3 Comparable Systemwide Properties U.S. Canada 
 118.97 46.5 67.0 11.6 pts. 177.47 21.1 Greater China 51.38 (16.6) 46.8 (7.2) pts. 109.71 (3.9) Asia Pacific excluding China 83.87 111.8 59.3 22.2 pts. 141.47 32.5 Caribbean Latin America 105.26 72.3 58.0 17.1 pts. 181.42 21.6 Europe 121.38 146.2 61.1 29.8 pts. 198.67 25.9 Middle East Africa 116.91 55.8 64.2 13.3 pts. 182.07 23.5 International - All (1) 
 91.30 66.2 57.0 14.6 pts. 160.21 23.7 Worldwide (2) 
 110.64 51.0 64.0 12.5 pts. 172.85 21.5 
 
 (1) Includes Greater China, Asia Pacific excluding China, Caribbean Latin America, Europe, and Middle East Africa. 
 (2) Includes U.S. Canada and International - All. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 Our consolidated results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19. The discussion below presents an additional analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Fee Revenues 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 Base management fees 1,044 669 375 56 Franchise fees 2,505 1,790 715 40 Incentive management fees 529 235 294 125 Gross fee revenues 4,078 2,694 1,384 51 Contract investment amortization (89) (75) (14) (19) Net fee revenues 3,989 2,619 1,370 52 
 The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher RevPAR and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates 25 million). 
 The increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher RevPAR, higher co-branded credit card fees 119 million) and unit growth 109 million), partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates 17 million). 
 The increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at certain managed hotels and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates 16 million). In 2022, we earned incentive management fees from 61 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 47 percent in 2021. We earned incentive management fees from 29 percent of our U.S. Canada managed properties and 76 percent of our International managed properties in 2022, compared to 13 percent in U.S. Canada and 63 percent in International in 2021. In addition, 58 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2022 came from our International managed properties versus 71 percent in 2021. 
 
 Owned, Leased, and Other 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 Owned, leased, and other revenue 1,367 796 571 72 Owned, leased, and other - direct expenses 1,074 734 340 46 Owned, leased, and other, net 293 62 231 373 
 Owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, increased primarily due to net stronger results at our owned and leased properties, partially offset by an estimated monetary payment related to a portfolio of 12 leased hotels in the U.S. Canada 31 million) and lower termination fees 18 million). 
 
 Cost Reimbursements 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 Cost reimbursement revenue 15,417 10,442 4,975 48 Reimbursed expenses 15,141 10,322 4,819 47 Cost reimbursements, net 276 120 156 130 
 Cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) varies due to timing differences between the costs we incur for centralized programs and services and the related reimbursements we receive from hotel owners and franchisees. Over the long term, our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively. See Note 2 for more information about the accounting for cost reimbursements, including our Loyalty Program. 
 The increase in cost reimbursements, net primarily reflects higher revenues, net of expenses, for our centralized programs and services as well as our insurance program. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Other Operating Expenses 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 Depreciation, amortization, and other 193 220 (27) (12) General, administrative, and other 891 823 68 8 Restructuring, merger-related charges, and other 12 8 4 50 
 Depreciation, amortization, and other expenses decreased primarily due to lower impairment charges. 
 General, administrative, and other expenses increased primarily due to higher administrative and compensation costs. 
 
 Non-Operating Income (Expense) 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 Gains and other income, net 11 10 1 10 Loss on extinguishment of debt (164) 164 100 Interest expense (403) (420) 17 4 Interest income 26 28 (2) (7) Equity in earnings (losses) 
 18 (24) 42 175 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt in 2021 was due to the September 2021 tender offer in which we purchased and retired 1 billion aggregate principal amount of our 5.750 percent Series EE Notes maturing May 1, 2025. 
 Interest expense decreased primarily due to lower average debt balances driven by Senior Notes maturities and repurchases. 
 Equity in earnings (losses) changed, primarily due to our share of the gains on the sales of properties 23 million) and higher profits related to our equity method investments. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 (Provision) benefit for income taxes 
 (756) (81) (675) (833) 
 Our tax provision increased in 2022, compared to our tax provision in 2021, primarily due to the increase in operating income 422 million), the prior year release of tax reserves due to favorable audit resolutions 143 million), the prior year tax benefit from the loss on extinguishment of debt 42 million), and the current year tax expense from the completion of prior years tax audits 27 million). 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 Our segment results in 2022 improved significantly compared to 2021 due to the continued recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19. The following discussion presents an additional analysis of the operating results of our reportable business segments. 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Change 2022 vs. 2021 U.S. Canada 
 Segment revenues 15,753 10,356 5,397 52 Segment profit 2,446 1,394 1,052 75 International 
 Segment revenues 3,486 2,254 1,232 55 Segment profit 794 258 536 208 
 Properties Rooms December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 vs. December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 vs. December 31, 2021 U.S. Canada 
 5,846 5,712 134 2 964,412 945,987 18,425 2 International 
 2,348 2,185 163 7 538,101 510,491 27,610 5 
 U.S. Canada 
 U.S. Canada segment profit increased primarily due to the following: 
 906 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide RevPAR driven by increases in both ADR and occupancy, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth; 
 83 million of higher cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses; and 
 62 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting stronger results at owned and leased properties, partially offset by an estimated monetary payment related to a portfolio of 12 leased hotels in U.S. Canada 31 million); 
 partially offset by: 
 23 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily reflecting a favorable litigation settlement in 2021 18 million). 
 International 
 International segment profit increased primarily due to the following: 
 349 million of higher gross fee revenues, primarily reflecting higher comparable systemwide RevPAR driven by increases in both ADR and occupancy in all regions except Greater China, higher profits at certain managed hotels, and unit growth, partially offset by net unfavorable foreign exchange rates 56 million); 
 141 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, primarily reflecting net stronger results at owned and leased properties, partially offset by lower termination fees 16 million); and 
 35 million of higher cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses; 
 partially offset by: 
 28 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, primarily reflecting higher compensation costs. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our Credit Facility 
 In the 2022 fourth quarter, we amended and restated our 4.5 billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the Credit Facility ). Available borrowings under the Credit Facility support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. Borrowings under the Credit Facility generally bear interest at SOFR (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) plus a spread based on our public debt rating. We also pay quarterly fees on the Credit Facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. We classify outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. The Credit Facility expires on December 14, 2027. 
 The Credit Facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of Adjusted Total Debt to EBITDA, each as defined in the Credit Facility) to not more than 4.5 to 1.0. Our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. 
 We currently satisfy the covenants in our Credit Facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the Credit Facility, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and liquidity needs. 
 We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. We believe the Credit Facility, and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our liquidity requirements. 
 Commercial Paper 
 We issue commercial paper in the U.S. Because we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. We do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility and access to capital markets. 
 Cash from Operations 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 1,186 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to higher net income (adjusted for non-cash items and the prior year loss on extinguishment of debt), partially offset by higher cash paid for income taxes and working capital changes driven by accounts receivable timing. Cash inflow from our Loyalty Program in 2020 included 920 million of cash received from the prepayment of certain future revenues under the 2020 amendments to our existing U.S.-issued co-branded credit card agreements, which reduced in both 2021 and 2022, and will in the future reduce, the amount of cash we receive from these card issuers. We expect such reductions to end by year-end 2023. 
 Our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.5 to 1.0 at year-end 2022 and 0.6 to 1.0 at year-end 2021. We have significant borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility should we need additional working capital. 
 Investing Activities Cash Flows 
 Capital Expenditures and Other Investments. We made capital and technology expenditures of 332 million in 2022 and 183 million in 2021. Capital and technology expenditures in 2022 increased by 149 million compared to 2021, primarily reflecting higher spending on improvements to our worldwide technology systems. 
 We expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately 850 million to 1 billion for 2023, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities (including approximately 300 million for maintenance capital spending). This estimate also includes 100 million of investment spending related to the City Express brand acquisition discussed in Note 3, which we currently expect to close in the first half of 2023, and approximately 160 million of renovation spending on hotels that we expect to sell after renovations are complete. 
 Over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 investments. Over time, we seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements. 
 Loan Activity. From time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. Loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to 3 million in 2022, compared to net collections of 27 million in 2021. At year-end 2022, we had 162 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans outstanding, compared to 153 million outstanding at year-end 2021. 
 Financing Activities Cash Flows 
 Debt. Debt decreased by 74 million in 2022, to 10,064 million at year-end 2022 from 10,138 million at year-end 2021, primarily due to lower outstanding Credit Facility borrowings 1,050 million), the maturity of our Series Q Notes 399 million), the maturity of our Series DD Notes 224 million), and the redemption of our Series L Notes 173 million), partially offset by the issuance of our Series JJ Notes 983 million) and higher outstanding commercial paper borrowings 868 million). See Note 9 for additional information on the Senior Notes issuance and redemption. 
 Our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. At year-end 2022, our long-term debt had a weighted average interest rate of 4.1 percent and a weighted average maturity of approximately 5.8 years. Including the effect of interest rate swaps, the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.9 to 1.0 at year-end 2022. 
 See the Our Credit Facility, caption in this Liquidity and Capital Resources section for more information on our Credit Facility. 
 Share Repurchases and Dividends. We repurchased 16.8 million shares of our common stock for 2.6 billion in 2022. Year-to-date through February 10, 2023, we repurchased 2.5 million shares for 400 million. For additional information, see Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in Part II, Item 5. 
 Our Board of Directors declared the following quarterly cash dividends in 2022: (1) 0.30 per share declared on May 2, 2022 and paid on June 30, 2022 to stockholders of record on May 16, 2022; (2) 0.30 per share declared on August 4, 2022 and paid on September 30, 2022 to stockholders of record on August 18, 2022; and (3) 0.40 per share declared on November 10, 2022 and paid on December 30, 2022 to stockholders of record on November 23, 2022. Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.40 per share on February 10, 2023, payable on March 31, 2023 to stockholders of record on February 24, 2023. 
 We expect to continue to return cash to stockholders through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 At year-end 2022, we had 11,989 million of debt, including principal and future interest payments, of which 1,032 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. See Note 9 for further information about our long-term debt. 
 We enter into operating and finance leases primarily for hotels, offices, and equipment, which are discussed in Note 8. 
 At December 31, 2022, projected Deemed Repatriation Transition Tax payments under the U.S. tax legislation enacted on December 22, 2017, commonly referred to as the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, totaled 336 million, of which 89 million is payable within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. 
 The Company also had guarantees, a contingent purchase obligation, commitments, and letters of credit as of year-end 2022, which are discussed in Note 7. The majority of our guarantee commitments are not expected to be funded within the next 12 months from year-end 2022. In addition to the purchase obligations discussed in Note 7, in the normal course of business, we enter into purchase commitments and incur other obligations to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. Since our contracts with owners require reimbursement for these amounts, these obligations are expected to have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 We do not expect that accounting standard updates issued to date and that are effective after December 31, 2022 will have a material effect on our Financial Statements. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Our preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Management considers an accounting policy and estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 While we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. Actual results may differ significantly. Additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments due to unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 See Note 2 for further information related to our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows: 
 Loyalty Program , including how we estimate the breakage of hotel points, credit card points, and free night certificates, the volume of points and free night certificates that will be issued under our co-branded credit card agreements, the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled under our co-branded credit card agreements, and the stand-alone selling prices of goods and services provided under our co-branded credit card agreements. Changes in these estimates could result in material changes to our liability for guest loyalty program and Loyalty Program revenue. Based on the conditions existing at December 31, 2022 and holding other factors constant, a one percent decrease in our estimate of the breakage of points could result in an increase in the liability for guest loyalty program of approximately 50 million. The breakage impact may vary significantly depending on the specific Loyalty Program points for which the anticipated breakage changes. 
 Goodwill , including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill. During the 2022 fourth quarter, we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test and no impairment charges were recorded. The estimated fair values of all our reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. 
 Intangibles and Long-Lived Assets , including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets. During 2022, we evaluated our intangibles and long-lived asset groups for impairment and did not record any material impairment charges. The estimated fair values of all our indefinite-lived intangible assets significantly exceeded their carrying amounts at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. We manage our exposure to these risks by monitoring available financing alternatives, through the development and application of credit granting policies, and by entering into derivative arrangements. We do not foresee any significant changes in either our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or currency rates or how we manage such exposure in the future. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk on our floating-rate notes receivable and floating-rate debt. Changes in interest rates also impact the fair value of our fixed-rate notes receivable and the fair value of our fixed-rate long-term debt. 
 We use derivative instruments, including cash flow hedges, fair value hedges, net investment in non-U.S. operations hedges, and other derivative instruments, as part of our overall strategy to manage our exposure to market risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates. As a matter of policy, we only enter into transactions that we believe will be highly effective at offsetting the underlying risk, and we do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. See Note 2 for more information on derivative instruments. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the scheduled maturities and the total fair value as of year-end 2022 for our financial instruments that are impacted by market risks: 
 Maturities by Period in millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 There- after Total Carrying Amount Total Fair Value Assets - Maturities represent expected principal receipts. Fair values represent assets. 
 Fixed-rate notes receivable 3 17 3 1 1 25 50 45 Average interest rate 1.13 Floating-rate notes receivable 7 81 15 4 4 1 112 107 Average interest rate 5.73 Liabilities - Maturities represent expected principal payments. Fair values represent liabilities. 
 Fixed-rate debt (676) (1,301) (747) (984) (4,815) (8,523) (7,810) Average interest rate 3.92 Floating-rate debt (1,402) (1,402) (1,411) Average interest rate 5.05 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The following financial information is included on the pages indicated: 
 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 31 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 32 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 37 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 41 
 Basis of Presentation 
 41 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 41 
 Acquisition 
 48 
 Earnings Per Share 
 49 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 49 
 Income Taxes 
 50 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 52 
 Leases 
 54 
 Long-Term Debt 
 56 
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 57 
 Property and Equipment 
 58 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 58 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 59 
 Business Segments 
 59 
 Related Party Transactions 
 60 

30 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON 
 INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of Marriott International, Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Company has designed its internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance on the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations in internal control over financial reporting, such controls may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal controls to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 In connection with the preparation of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria ). 
 
 Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, applying the COSO criteria, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this report, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which appears on the following page. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Marriott International, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Marriott International, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Marriott International, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes, and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 14, 2023 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Marriott International, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Marriott International, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for the Loyalty Program Description of the Matter During 2022 the Company recognized 2,692 million of revenues previously deferred as of December 31, 2021, and had deferred revenue of 6,594 million as of December 31, 2022 associated with the Marriott Bonvoy guest loyalty program (the Loyalty Program ). As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue for performance obligations relating to Loyalty Program points and free night certificates as they are redeemed and the related performance obligations are satisfied. The Company recognizes a portion of revenue for the Licensed IP performance obligation under the sales-based royalty criteria, with the remaining portion recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term. Revenue is recognized utilizing complex models based upon the estimated standalone selling price per point and per free night certificate, which includes judgment in making the estimates of variable consideration and breakage of points. 
 Auditing Loyalty Program results is complex due to: (1) the complexity of models and high volume of data used to monitor and account for Loyalty Program results, (2) the complexity in accounting for the amendments to the Company s domestic co-branded credit card agreements, as well as the judgment in estimating the relative standalone selling price of the related performance obligations, and (3) the complexity and judgment of estimating the standalone selling price per Loyalty Program point, including both the estimate of variable consideration under the Company s co-branded credit card agreements which has significant estimation uncertainty associated with projecting future cardholder spending and redemption activity, and the estimated breakage of Loyalty Program points which requires the use of specialists. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process of accounting for the Loyalty Program. For example, we tested controls over the accounting methods and model used in reporting results of the Loyalty Program, management s review of the assumptions and data inputs utilized in estimating the standalone selling price per Loyalty Program point, as well as the development of the estimated breakage. 
 To test the recognition of revenues and costs associated with the Loyalty Program, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the clerical accuracy and consistency with US GAAP of the accounting model developed by the Company to recognize revenue and costs associated with the Loyalty Program, and testing significant inputs into the accounting model, including the estimated standalone selling price and recognition of points earned and redeemed during the period. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our testing procedures with respect to the estimate of relative standalone selling price of the performance obligations associated with the amendments to the domestic co-branded credit card agreements. We involved our actuarial professionals to assist in our testing procedures with respect to the estimate of the breakage of Loyalty Program points. We evaluated management s methodology for estimating the breakage of Loyalty Program points, and we tested underlying data and actuarial assumptions used in estimating the breakage. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions, including projections of cash flows, used to estimate variable consideration under the Company s co-branded credit cards. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for General and Administrative Expenses and Reimbursed Expenses Description of the Matter During 2022 the Company recognized 891 million of general and administrative expenses and 15,141 million of reimbursed expenses. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company incurs certain expenses that are for the benefit of, and reimbursable from, hotel owners and franchisees. Such amounts are recorded in the period in which the expense is incurred and include judgment with respect to the allocation of certain costs between general and administrative expenses, which are non-reimbursable, and reimbursed expenses. 
 Auditing the classification of general and administrative expenses and reimbursed expenses is complex due to: (1) judgment associated with testing management s conclusions regarding the allocation of costs between reimbursable and non-reimbursable expenses, (2) the complexity associated with allocating above-property expenses to hotel owners and franchisees due to the high volume of data used to monitor and account for reimbursed expenses and (3) incentives within management s compensation structure designed to achieve certain financial targets that exclude the impact of reimbursed expenses. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process of accounting for reimbursed expenses, general and administrative expenses, and the process for allocating expenses. For example, we tested management s controls over the review of the allocation of certain costs to determine if they were reasonably classified. 
 To test the recognition of reimbursed expenses for appropriate classification, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, (1) testing a sample of transactions that were classified within reimbursed expenses in order to evaluate the appropriate accounting treatment and financial statement classification pursuant to the terms of the management and franchise agreements, (2) performed analytical procedures over total reimbursed expenses and general and administrative expenses in order to identify any trends or indicators of material errors in the classification of expenses, (3) tested manual journal entries made to reimbursed expenses and general and administrative expenses and (4) evaluated the methodology of cost allocations, including any material changes to allocations during the period. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 February 14, 2023 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 Fiscal Years 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 in millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 REVENUES Base management fees Franchise fees Incentive management fees Gross fee revenues Contract investment amortization ) ) ) Net fee revenues Owned, leased, and other revenue Cost reimbursement revenue (1) 
 OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES Owned, leased, and other-direct Depreciation, amortization, and other General, administrative, and other Restructuring, merger-related charges, and other Reimbursed expenses (1) 
 OPERATING INCOME Gains and other income, net Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Equity in earnings (losses) (1) 
 ) ) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) (Provision) benefit for income taxes ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE Earnings (loss) per share basic ) Earnings (loss) per share diluted ) 
 (1) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Fiscal Years 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other adjustments, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Fiscal Years-Ended 2022 and 2021 
 in millions) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Brands Contract acquisition costs and other Goodwill Equity method investments Notes receivable, net Deferred tax assets Operating lease assets Other noncurrent assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued payroll and benefits Liability for guest loyalty program Accrued expenses and other Long-term debt Liability for guest loyalty program Deferred tax liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Stockholders equity Class A Common Stock Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Fiscal Years 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, and other Stock-based compensation Income taxes ) ) Liability for guest loyalty program ) ) Contract acquisition costs ) ) ) Restructuring, merger-related charges, and other ) ) Working capital changes ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred revenue changes and other ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital and technology expenditures ) ) ) Dispositions Loan advances ) ) ) Loan collections Other ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Commercial paper/Credit Facility, net ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Issuance of Class A Common Stock Debt extinguishment costs ) Dividends paid ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Stock-based compensation withholding taxes ) ) ) Other ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, beginning of period (1) 
 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, end of period (1) 
 
 (1) million at December 31, 2021 and ending restricted cash of million at December 31, 2022, which we present in the Prepaid expenses and other and Other noncurrent assets captions of our Balance Sheets. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Fiscal Years 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Common Shares Outstanding Total Class A Common Stock Additional Paid-in- Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock, at Cost Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation plans ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation plans Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation plans ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) (1) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) million shares of our common stock, with a par value of per share and million shares of preferred stock, without par value. At year-end 2022, we had million of these authorized shares of our common stock and preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 

NOTE 2. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 million, million after-tax) from the 2017 sale of our interest in Avendra LLC, which we committed would be used for the benefit of hotels in our system. Such spending totaled million million after-tax) in 2022, million million after-tax) in 2021, and million million after-tax) in 2020. 
 Other Revenue : Includes Global Design fees, which we describe below, termination fees, and other property and brand revenues. We generally recognize termination fees when collection is probable and other revenue as services are rendered. Amounts received in advance are deferred as liabilities. 
 We provide certain hotel design and construction review Global Design services to our managed and franchised hotel owners, generally during the period prior to a hotel s opening or during the period a hotel is converting to a Marriott brand (the pre-opening period ). As compensation for such services, we may be entitled to receive a one-time fixed fee that is payable during the pre-opening period of the hotel. As these services are not a distinct performance obligation, we recognize the fees on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the management or franchise agreement within the Owned, leased, and other revenue caption of our Income Statements. 
 Practical Expedients and Exemptions : We do not disclose the amount of variable consideration that we expect to recognize in future periods in the following circumstances: 
 (1) if we recognize the revenue based on the amount invoiced or services performed; 
 (2) for sales-based or usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a license of intellectual property; or 
 (3) if the consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct service that forms part of a single performance obligation, and the terms of the consideration relate specifically to our efforts to transfer, or to a specific outcome from transferring the service. 
 We are required to collect certain taxes and fees from customers on behalf of governmental agencies and remit these to the applicable governmental agencies on a periodic basis. We do not include these taxes in determining the transaction price. 
 Loyalty Program : 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 million, to million at December 31, 2022, from million at December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of million of revenue recognized in 2022 that was deferred as of December 31, 2021, as well as the reclassification from deferred revenue to the liability for guest loyalty program, which we discuss below. The decrease was partially offset by revenue deferred in 2022 related to our co-branded credit cards, gift cards, certain centralized programs and services fees, and franchise application and relicensing fees. 
 Our current and noncurrent liability for guest loyalty program increased by million, to million at December 31, 2022, from million at December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting an increase in points earned by members. This includes a million reclassification from deferred revenue to the liability for guest loyalty program as a result of points that were earned during the period by members using our U.S.-issued co-branded credit cards, which were prepaid by the financial institutions in 2020. The increase was partially offset by million of revenue recognized in 2022, that was deferred as of December 31, 2021. The current portion of our liability for guest loyalty program increased compared to December 31, 2021, due to higher estimated redemptions in the short-term. At each reporting period, we evaluate the estimates used in the recognition of Loyalty Program revenues, including estimates of the breakage of points that members will never redeem and the amount of funding we expect to receive over the life of the agreements with various third parties. In 2022, the updated estimates resulted in a net increase in revenue, and a corresponding reduction in the liability for guest loyalty program of approximately million. 
 Costs Incurred to Obtain and Fulfill Contracts with Customers 
 We had capitalized costs to fulfill contracts with customers of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. See Note 10 for information on capitalized costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Retirement Savings Plan 
 We recognized compensation costs from Company contributions of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Non-U.S. Operations 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 Advertising Costs 
 We recognized advertising costs of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Income Taxes 
 See Note 6 for further information. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Accounts Receivable 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The increase during 2022 was primarily due to our provision for credit losses, partially offset by write-offs of amounts deemed uncollectible. Our provision for credit losses totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Assets Held for Sale 
 
 Goodwill 
 We have had goodwill impairment charges for the last three fiscal years. 
 Intangibles and Long-Lived Assets 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Investments 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Loss Reserves 
 Leases 
 Guarantees 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Self-Insurance Programs 
 percent, based upon market rates, to determine the present value of the projected settlements, which we consider to be reasonable given our history of settled claims, including payment patterns and the fixed nature of the individual settlements. We classify the current portion of our self-insurance reserve in the Accrued expenses and other caption and the noncurrent portion in the Other noncurrent liabilities caption of our Balance Sheets. The current portion of our self-insurance reserve was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The noncurrent portion of our self-insurance reserve was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 Legal Contingencies 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Asset Acquisitions 

NOTE 3. 
 million. As of October 19, 2022, the portfolio included mid-scale hotels rooms) located in Mexico, Costa Rica, Colombia, and Chile. Upon closing of the transaction, which is subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions, City Express will become part of our franchise system. We expect the transaction could close in the first half of 2023. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4. 
 ) Shares for basic earnings per share Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share Net income (loss) ) Shares for basic earnings per share Effect of dilutive securities Stock-based compensation (1) 
 Shares for diluted earnings per share Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 
 (1) For the calculation of diluted loss per share for 2020, we excluded share-based compensation securities of million because the effect was anti-dilutive. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 in equal annual installments commencing after the grant date. We also granted performance-based RSUs PSUs in 2022 to certain executives, which are earned, subject to continued employment and the satisfaction of certain performance and market conditions based on the degree of achievement of pre-established targets for 2024 adjusted EBITDA performance and relative total stockholder return over the 2022 to 2024 performance period. 
 We had deferred compensation costs for unvested awards for RSUs, including PSUs, of approximately million at year-end 2022 and million at year-end 2021. The weighted average remaining term for RSUs outstanding at year-end 2022 was years. 
 Weighted average grant-date fair value (per unit) Aggregate intrinsic value of distributed RSUs (in millions) 
 Granted Distributed ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at year-end 2022 
 Other Information 
 At year-end 2022, we had million remaining shares authorized under the Marriott and Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, formerly known as Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Starwood ), stock plans. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 
 ) Non-U.S. ) )) -U.S. State ) ) -Non-U.S. ) ) ) ) ) Deferred -U.S. Federal ) ) -U.S. State ) ) -Non-U.S. ) ) ) ) ) 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Change attributable to tax positions taken in prior years ) Change attributable to tax positions taken during the current period Decrease attributable to settlements with taxing authorities ) Unrecognized tax benefit at year-end 2020 
 Change attributable to tax positions taken in prior years ) Change attributable to tax positions taken during the current period Decrease attributable to settlements with taxing authorities ) Unrecognized tax benefit at year-end 2021 
 Change attributable to tax positions taken in prior years ) Change attributable to tax positions taken during the current period Decrease attributable to settlements with taxing authorities ) Unrecognized tax benefit at year-end 2022 
 
 Our unrecognized tax benefit balances included million at year-end 2022, million at year-end 2021, and million at year-end 2020 of tax positions that, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. It is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months we will reach resolution of income tax examinations in one or more jurisdictions. The actual amount of any change to our unrecognized tax benefits could vary depending on the timing and nature of the settlement. Therefore, an estimate of the change cannot be provided. We recognize accrued interest and penalties for our unrecognized tax benefits as a component of tax expenses. Related interest expense (benefit) totaled million in 2022, ) million in 2021, and ) million in 2020. We accrued interest and penalties related to our unrecognized tax benefits of approximately million at year-end 2022 and million at year-end 2021. 
 We file income tax returns, including returns for our subsidiaries, in various jurisdictions around the world. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS has examined our federal income tax returns, and as of year-end 2022, we have settled all issues for tax years through 2016 and for tax years 2018 and 2019. Our 2017 and 2020 through 2022 tax year audits are 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Net operating loss carry-forwards Accrued expenses and other reserves Receivables, net Tax credits Loyalty Program Deferred income Lease liabilities Interest limitation Other Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance Deferred Tax Liabilities Equity method investments ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Intangibles ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Self-insurance ) ) Other ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes ) 
 Our valuation allowance is primarily attributable to non-U.S. net operating loss carry-forwards. During 2022, our net operating loss carry-forwards increased with an offsetting increase in our valuation allowance primarily due to net operating losses in an international subsidiary. 
 At year-end 2022, we had approximately million of tax credits that will expire through 2032 and million of tax credits that do not expire. We recorded million of net operating loss benefits in 2022 and million in 2021. At year-end 2022, we had approximately million of primarily state and foreign net operating losses, of which million will expire through 2042. 
 We made no provision for U.S. income taxes or additional non-U.S. taxes on certain undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. These earnings could become subject to additional taxes if the non-U.S. subsidiaries dividend or loan those earnings to an affiliate or if we sell our interests in the non-U.S. subsidiaries. We cannot practically estimate the amount of additional taxes that might be payable on the undistributed earnings. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. state income taxes, net of U.S. federal tax benefit Non-U.S. income ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in uncertain tax positions ) Permanent items ) ) Tax on asset dispositions ) Excess tax benefits related to equity awards ) ) U.S. tax on foreign earnings ) Other, net ) Effective rate 
 The non-U.S. income tax benefit presented in the table above includes tax-exempt income in Hong Kong and Singapore, and a tax deduction in Switzerland, which collectively represented in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. We included the impact of these items in the non-U.S. income line above because we consider them to be equivalent to a reduction of the statutory tax rates in these jurisdictions. 
 The non-U.S. income tax benefit also includes U.S. income tax expense on non-U.S. operations, which represents in 2022, ) in 2021, and in 2020. We included the impact of this tax in the non-U.S. income line above because we consider this tax to be an integral part of the foreign taxes. 
 Other Information 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 . The terms of guarantees to lenders generally require us to fund if cash flows from hotel operations are inadequate to cover annual debt service or to repay the loan at maturity. The terms of the guarantees to hotel owners generally require us to fund if the hotels do not attain specified levels of operating profit. Guarantee fundings to lenders and hotel owners are generally recoverable out of future hotel cash flows and/or proceeds from the sale or refinancing of hotels. 
 Operating profit Other 
 Our liability at year-end 2022 for guarantees for which we are the primary obligor is reflected in our Balance Sheets as million of Accrued expenses and other and million of Other noncurrent liabilities. 
 Our maximum potential guarantees listed in the preceding table include million of operating profit guarantees that will not be in effect until the underlying properties open and we begin to operate the properties or certain other events occur. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 million in cash (the put option ). In the 2021 third quarter, we entered into an amendment with the owner to move the exercise period of the put option from the 2022 first half to the 2024 first half. If the owner exercises the put option, the closing is expected to occur in the 2024 fourth quarter, and we have the option to purchase, at the same time the put transaction closes, the fee simple interest in the underlying land for an additional million in cash. We account for the put option as a guarantee, and our recorded liability was million at year-end 2022 and 2021. 
 We concluded that the entity that owns the Sheraton Grand Chicago hotel is a variable interest entity. We did not consolidate the entity because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance. Our maximum exposure to loss related to the entity is equal to the difference between the purchase price and the fair value of the hotel at the time that the put option is exercised, plus the maximum funding amount of an operating profit guarantee that we provided for the hotel. 
 Commitments 
 At year-end 2022, we had various purchase commitments for goods and services in the normal course of business, primarily for programs and services for which we are reimbursed by third-party owners, totaling million. We expect to purchase goods and services subject to these commitments as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, and million thereafter. 
 Letters of Credit 
 At year-end 2022, we had million of letters of credit outstanding (all outside the Credit Facility, as defined in Note 9), most of which were for our self-insurance programs. Surety bonds issued as of year-end 2022 totaled million, most of which state governments requested in connection with our self-insurance programs. 
 Starwood Data Security Incident 
 Description of Event 
 On November 30, 2018, we announced a data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood reservations database (the Data Security Incident ). Working with leading security experts, we determined that there was unauthorized access to the Starwood network since 2014 and that an unauthorized party had copied information from the Starwood reservations database and taken steps towards removing it. The Starwood reservations database is no longer used for business operations. 
 Litigation, Claims, and Government Investigations 
 Following our announcement of the Data Security Incident, approximately lawsuits were filed by consumers and others against us in U.S. federal, U.S. state and Canadian courts related to the incident. The plaintiffs in the cases that remain pending, who generally purport to represent various classes of consumers, generally claim to have been harmed by alleged actions and/or omissions by the Company in connection with the Data Security Incident and assert a variety of common law and statutory claims seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys fees, and other related relief. The active U.S. cases are consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland (the District Court ), pursuant to orders of the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation (the MDL ). On May 3, 2022, the District Court granted in part and denied in part class certification of various U.S. groups of consumers. On July 14, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit granted our petition to appeal the District Court s decision, which appeal remains pending. On September 8, 2022, the District Court held that the City of Chicago (which brought claims against us that are consolidated in the MDL proceeding) could not pursue injunctive claims but could pursue monetary claims. The Canadian cases have effectively been consolidated into a single case in the province of Ontario. We dispute the allegations in these lawsuits and are vigorously defending against such claims. 
 In addition, various U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign governmental authorities made inquiries, opened investigations, or requested information and/or documents related to the Data Security Incident and related matters. Although some of these matters have been resolved or no longer appear to be active, some remain open. We are in discussions with the Attorney General offices from 49 states and the District of Columbia and the Federal Trade Commission. Based on the ongoing 
 53 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 8. 
 years, and contain or more renewals at our option, generally for five - or -year periods. We have generally not included these renewal periods in the lease term as it is not reasonably certain that we will exercise the renewal option. 
 Variable lease cost 
 We recorded impairment charges of million in 2020 in the Depreciation, amortization, and other caption of our Income Statements to reduce the carrying amount of certain U.S. Canada hotel leases right-of-use assets and property and equipment, including leasehold improvements. The impairment charges recorded in 2020 were due to the impact of COVID-19. We determined that we may not be able to fully recover the carrying amount of these U.S. Canada hotel leases after evaluating the assets for recovery due to declines in market performance and future cash flow projections. We estimated the fair value using an income approach reflecting internally developed Level 3 discounted cash flows that included, among other things, our expectations of future cash flows based on historical experience and projected growth rates, usage estimates and demand trends. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Amount representing interest Present value of minimum lease payments 
 Noncurrent (2) 
 
 (1) Operating leases are recorded in the Accrued expenses and other and finance leases are recorded in the Current portion of long-term debt captions of our Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Operating leases are recorded in the Operating lease liabilities and finance leases are recorded in the Long-term debt captions of our Balance Sheets. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information for 2022 and 2021: 
 in millions) 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash outflows for operating leases Lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9. 
 , face amount of , redeemed June 15, 2022 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series P Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing October 1, 2025 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series Q Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , matured January 15, 2022 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series R Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing June 15, 2026 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series U Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing February 15, 2023 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series V Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing March 15, 2025 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series W Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing October 1, 2034 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series X Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing April 15, 2028 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series Z Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing December 1, 2023 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series AA Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing December 1, 2028 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series CC Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing April 15, 2024 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series DD Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , matured October 3, 2022 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series EE Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing May 1, 2025 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series FF Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing June 15, 2030 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series GG Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing October 15, 2032 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series HH Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing April 15, 2031 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series II Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing October 15, 2033 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Series JJ Notes, interest rate of , face amount of , maturing October 15, 2027 
 (effective interest rate of 
 Commercial paper Credit Facility Finance lease obligations Other Less current portion ) ) 
 All our long-term debt is recourse to us but unsecured. All the Senior Notes shown in the table above are our unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, which rank equally with our other Senior Notes and all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness that we have issued or will issue from time to time, and are governed by the terms of an indenture, dated as of November 16, 1998, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), as trustee. We may redeem some or all of each series of the Senior Notes before maturity under the terms provided in the applicable form of Senior Note. 
 In September 2022, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of percent Series JJ Notes due October 15, 2027 (the Series JJ Notes ). We will pay interest on the Series JJ Notes in April and October of each year, commencing in April 2023. We received net proceeds of approximately million from the offering of the Series JJ Notes, after deducting 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding Series L Notes due in September 2022. 
 In December 2022, we amended and restated our billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the Credit Facility ). Available borrowings under the Credit Facility support our commercial paper program and general corporate needs. Borrowings under the Credit Facility generally bear interest at SOFR (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) plus a spread based on our public debt rating. We also pay quarterly fees on the Credit Facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. We classify outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility and outstanding commercial paper borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance the outstanding borrowings on a long-term basis. The Credit Facility expires on December 14, 2027. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Balance at year-end 2022 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 Contracts acquired in business combinations and other Accumulated amortization ) ) Indefinite-lived Intangible Brand Assets 
 to years. In 2020, we recorded impairment charges totaling million in the Contract investment amortization caption of our Income Statements to reduce the carrying amount of certain capitalized costs incurred to obtain contracts with customers, primarily due to the impact of COVID-19, most of which we recorded in our U.S. Canada business segment. 
 For contracts acquired in business combinations and other intangible assets, we recorded amortization expense of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 (of which million in 2022, million in 2021, and in 2020 was included in the Reimbursed expenses caption of our Income Statements). For these assets, we estimate that our aggregate amortization expense will be million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, and million in 2027. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at year-end 2022 

NOTE 11. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 years), and we amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter of the asset life or lease term. Our gross depreciation expense totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 (of which million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 was included in the Reimbursed expenses caption of our Income Statements). Fixed assets attributed to operations located outside the U.S. were million at year-end 2022 and million at year-end 2021. Our gross depreciation expense included impairment charges for property and equipment, including leasehold improvements, and right-of-use assets on several U.S. Canada leased hotels in 2020, which we discussed in Note 8. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 
 Total noncurrent financial assets Senior Notes ) ) ) ) Commercial paper ) ) Credit Facility ) ) Other long-term debt ) ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) Total noncurrent financial liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 We estimate the fair value of our senior, mezzanine, and other loans by discounting cash flows using risk-adjusted rates, both of which are Level 3 inputs. 
 We determine the fair value of our Senior Notes using quoted market prices, which are directly observable Level 1 inputs. Even though our commercial paper borrowings generally have short-term maturities of 45 days or less, we classify outstanding 
 58 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13.) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications (1) 
 Reclassification adjustments ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at year-end 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustments Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at year-end 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustments ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at year-end 2022 ) ) 
 (1) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications for foreign currency translation adjustments includes intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature, which resulted in gains (losses) of million for 2022, million for 2021, and ) million for 2020. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 operating segments, both of which meet the applicable accounting criteria for separate disclosure as a reportable business segment: (1) United States and Canada U.S. Canada and (2) International. 
 We evaluate the performance of our operating segments using segment profits/loss which is based largely on the results of the segment without allocating corporate expenses, income taxes, indirect general, administrative, and other expenses, merger-related costs, or most above-property restructuring charges. We assign gains and losses, equity in earnings or losses, direct general, administrative, and other expenses, and other restructuring charges to each of our segments. Unallocated corporate and other includes a portion of our revenues (such as fees we receive from our credit card programs and vacation ownership licensing agreements), revenues and expenses for our Loyalty Program, general, administrative, and other expenses, restructuring, merger-related charges, and other expenses, equity in earnings or losses, and other gains or losses that we do not allocate to our segments. 
 Our chief operating decision maker monitors assets for the consolidated Company but does not use assets by operating segment when assessing performance or making operating segment resource allocations. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Contract investment amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net fee revenues Owned, leased, and other revenue Cost reimbursement revenue Total reportable segment revenue Unallocated corporate and other Total revenue 
 Revenues attributed to operations located outside the U.S. were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020, including cost reimbursement revenue outside the U.S. of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 International (2) 
 ) Unallocated corporate and other ) ) Interest expense, net of interest income ) ) ) (Provision) benefit for income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 (1) Includes cost reimbursements, net of million in 2022, million in 2021, and ) million in 2020. 
 (2) Includes cost reimbursements, net of million in 2022, million in 2021, and ) million in 2020. 
 Segment profits (losses) attributed to operations located outside the U.S. were million in 2022, million in 2021, and ) million in 2020, including cost reimbursements, net (cost reimbursement revenue, net of reimbursed expenses) outside the U.S. of million in 2022, million in 2021, and ) million in 2020. 
 International 
 Unallocated corporate and other 
 
 International 
 Unallocated corporate and other 

NOTE 15. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Reimbursed expenses ) ) ) Equity in earnings (losses) ) ) 
 The carrying amount of our equity method investments was million at year-end 2022 and million at year-end 2021. This value exceeded our share of the book value of the investees net assets by million at year-end 2022 and million at year-end 2021, primarily due to the value that we assigned to land, contracts, and buildings owned by the investees. 
 In 2020, we recorded impairment charges of million in the Equity in earnings (losses) caption of our Income Statements to reduce the carrying amount of certain investments, primarily due to the impact of COVID-19, most of which we recorded in our U.S. Canada business segment. 
 Other Related Parties 
 We earned management fees of approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020, plus reimbursement of certain expenses, from our operation of properties in which JWM Family Enterprises, L.P., which is beneficially owned and controlled by J.W. Marriott, Jr., Deborah Marriott Harrison, David S. Marriott, and other members of the Marriott family, indirectly holds varying percentages of ownership. We earned gross fee revenues of approximately million in 2022 and million in 2021, plus reimbursement of certain expenses, and revenues in 2020 from managed and franchised properties in which other members of the Marriott family hold varying interests. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Management necessarily applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of those controls and procedures, which by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance about management s control objectives. You should note that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure you that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and operating to provide reasonable assurance that we record, process, summarize, and report the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and to provide reasonable assurance that we accumulate and communicate such information to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about required disclosure. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have set forth management s report on internal control over financial reporting and the attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, and we incorporate those reports here by reference. 
 We made no changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Items 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. 
 As described below, we incorporate by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K certain information appearing in the Proxy Statement that we will furnish to our stockholders for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. We incorporate this information by reference to Nominees to our Board of Directors, Committees of the Board Audit Committee, Transactions with Related Persons, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and Selection of Director Nominees sections of our Proxy Statement. We have included information regarding our executive officers and our Code of Ethics below. Item 11. Executive Compensation. We incorporate this information by reference to the Executive and Director Compensation and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation sections of our Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. We incorporate this information by reference to the Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans and the Stock Ownership sections of our Proxy Statement. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. We incorporate this information by reference to the Transactions with Related Persons and Director Independence sections of our Proxy Statement. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. We incorporate this information by reference to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fee Disclosure and the Pre-Approval of Independent Auditor Fees and Services Policy sections of our Proxy Statement. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 We include below certain information on our executive officers. This information is as of February 10, 2023, except where indicated. 
 Name and Title Age Business Experience Anthony G. (Tony) Capuano Chief Executive Officer 57 Tony Capuano was appointed Chief Executive Officer CEO effective February 21, 2021. Effective February 24, 2023, Mr. Capuano will become President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to his appointment as CEO, Mr. Capuano was Group President, Global Development, Design and Operations Services, a role he assumed in January 2020. In that role, he was responsible for leading the Company s global development and design efforts and overseeing the Company s Global Operations discipline. Mr. Capuano began his Marriott career in 1995 as part of the Market Planning and Feasibility team. Between 1997 and 2005, he led Marriott s full-service development efforts in the Western U.S. and Canada. From 2005 to 2008, Mr. Capuano served as Senior Vice President of full-service development for North America. In 2008, his responsibilities expanded to include all of U.S. and Canada and the Caribbean and Latin America, and he became Executive Vice President and Global Chief Development Officer in 2009. Mr. Capuano began his professional career in Laventhol and Horwath s Boston-based Leisure Time Advisory Group. He then joined Kenneth Leventhal and Company s hospitality consulting group in Los Angeles, CA. Mr. Capuano earned his bachelor s degree in Hotel Administration from Cornell University. He is an active member of the Cornell Hotel Society and a member of The Cornell School of Hotel Administration Dean s Advisory Board, as well as the Business Roundtable, and the American Hotel and Lodging Association s IREFAC Council. Additionally, Mr. Capuano serves on the Board of Directors of McDonald s Corporation and Save Venice, a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the artistic heritage of Venice, Italy. 
 Benjamin T. (Ty) Breland Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 47 Ty Breland was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer effective October 29, 2021. Prior to that appointment, Mr. Breland served as Global HR Officer for Talent Development Organizational Capability, a role he assumed in 2016. In that role, Mr. Breland had executive oversight for talent management, including leadership development, organizational capability, and change management. Mr. Breland also oversaw The Ritz-Carlton Leadership Center, including its business strategy and sales efforts, and served as the senior Human Resources leader for the company s Global Development, Design Operations Services disciplines. Mr. Breland joined Marriott in 2004 as a member of the Company s Talent Management and Analytics group and held a variety of other senior human resources leadership positions, including Global HR Integration Officer, responsible for the Human Resources integration for Marriott s merger with Starwood Hotels Resorts. From 2011-2015, Mr. Breland served as Regional Vice President of Human Resources for the Eastern Region of the U.S. Before joining Marriott, Mr. Breland worked for the Human Resources Research Organization as a research consultant. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Psychology and Ph.D. in Industrial/Organizational Psychology from Virginia Tech, where he is a board member for the Virginia Tech Hospitality Business School. 
 William P. (Liam) Brown Group President, United States and Canada 62 Liam Brown was appointed Group President, United States and Canad a effective January 1, 2021. Prior to this role, Mr. Brown served as the President and Managing Director of Europe from 2018 to 2019, followed by Group President of Europe, Middle East Africa in 2020. Mr. Brown joined Marriott in 1989 and served as President for Franchising, Owner Services and Managed by Marriott Select Brands, North America from 2012 to 2018. Other key positions held by Mr. Brown include Chief Operations Officer for the Americas for Select Service Extended Stay Lodging and Owner Franchise Services, as well as Senior Vice President and Executive Vice President of Development for Marriott s Select Service Extended Stay lodging products. Mr. Brown also serves on the Board of Directors of the American Hotel and Lodging Association. He holds a Hotel Diploma and Business Degree from the Dublin Institute of Technology, Trinity College and earned his Master of Business Administration from the Robert H. Smith School of Management at the University of Maryland. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Title Age Business Experience Felitia O. Lee Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 61 Felitia Lee was appointed Marriott s Controller and Chief Accounting Officer and principal accounting officer effective August 28, 2020, with responsibility for the accounting operations of the Company including oversight of financial reporting analysis, accounting policy, general accounting, finance and accounting governance, global finance shared services, and financial contract compliance. Ms. Lee joined Marriott in May 2020, supporting the management of the Company s accounting operations. Prior to joining Marriott, Ms. Lee was the Senior Vice President and Controller for Kohl s Corporation, a publicly-traded retailer, since 2018, where she was responsible for financial reporting, Sarbanes-Oxley processes, capital management, tax planning, and compliance. Prior to joining Kohl s Corporation, Ms. Lee held numerous positions with PepsiCo, Inc., a publicly-traded global food and beverage company, culminating in Vice President and Controller of the Pepsi Beverage Company after the merger of PepsiCo with two of its largest bottlers in 2010. Earlier in her career, Ms. Lee held a variety of financial leadership positions with such organizations as Pilkington, plc and Coopers Lybrand (an accounting firm now part of PricewaterhouseCoopers). She earned her Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Santa Clara University. She is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
 Stephanie C. Linnartz President 54 Stephanie Linnartz was appointed President of Marriott effective February 22, 2021. In her role, she is responsible for developing and executing all aspects of the Company s global consumer strategy, including brand, marketing, sales, revenue management, customer engagement, technology, emerging businesses, and Marriott Bonvoy, the Company s loyalty program. In addition, she oversees Marriott s global development, design, and operations services functions. Before that, Ms. Linnartz was Group President, Consumer Operations, Technology and Emerging Businesses beginning in January 2020. Before assuming her position as Group President, Ms. Linnartz, who began her Marriott career in 1997, served as Global Chief Commercial Officer from 2013 to 2019; Global Officer, Sales and Revenue Management from 2009 to 2013; Senior Vice President, Global Sales from 2008 to 2009; Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing Planning and Support from 2005 to 2008; and prior to that, various roles in Marriott s Finance and Business Development Department. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Home Depot. She holds a bachelor s degree in Political Science and Government from the College of the Holy Cross, where she sits on the Board of Trustees, and earned her Master of Business Administration from the College of William and Mary. Ms. Linnartz was appointed President and CEO of Under Armour, Inc. in December 2022 and will leave Marriott effective February 24, 2023. 
 Kathleen K. (Leeny) Oberg Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Business Operations 62 Leeny Oberg was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2016 and was additionally designated Executive Vice President, Business Operations in October 2021. Previously, Ms. Oberg was the Chief Financial Officer for The Ritz-Carlton since 2013, where she contributed significantly to the brand s performance, growth, and organizational effectiveness. Prior to assuming that role, Ms. Oberg served in a range of financial leadership positions with Marriott, including Senior Vice President, Corporate and Development Finance and Senior Vice President, International Project Finance and Asset Management for Europe and the Middle East and Africa. Ms. Oberg first joined Marriott as part of its Investor Relations group in 1999. Before joining Marriott, Ms. Oberg held a variety of financial leadership positions with such organizations as Sodexo (previously Sodexo Marriott Services), Sallie Mae, Goldman Sachs, and Chase Manhattan Bank. Ms. Oberg is an active member of the American Hotel and Lodging Association s IREFAC Council, and she currently serves on the Board of Directors of Adobe Inc. She earned her Bachelor of Science in Commerce, with concentrations in Finance and Management Information Systems from the University of Virginia, McIntire School of Commerce and received her Master of Business Administration from Stanford University Graduate School of Business. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Title Age Business Experience Rena Hozore Reiss Executive Vice President and General Counsel 63 Rena Hozore Reiss was appointed Executive Vice President and General Counsel effective December 4, 2017. Ms. Reiss previously held the position of Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Hyatt Hotels where she led the global legal team and oversaw Hyatt s risk management team and corporate transactions group. Prior to her position with Hyatt, Ms. Reiss was an attorney in Marriott s law department from 2000 to 2010 building her career in roles with increasing responsibility, ultimately holding the position of Senior Vice President and Associate General Counsel in which she led Marriott s managed development efforts in the Americas region. Before joining Marriott, Ms. Reiss was a partner at Counts Kanne, Chartered, in Washington, D.C. and Associate General Counsel at the Miami Herald Publishing Company. Ms. Reiss serves on the Board of Directors of the American Hotel and Lodging Association and of the Legal Aid Society of the District of Columbia. She earned her A.B. from Princeton University and her J.D. from Harvard Law School. 
 Craig S. Smith Group President, International 60 Craig Smith was appointed Group President, International effective January 1, 2021. From October 2019 until December 2020, Mr. Smith was Group President and Managing Director of Asia Pacific, and he previously served as President and Managing Director of Asia Pacific since June 2015, assuming the responsibility for the strategic leadership of all operational and development functions spanning the region. Mr. Smith began his career with Marriott in 1988. Before becoming President and Managing Director of Asia Pacific, Mr. Smith served as President of Marriott s Caribbean and Latin America region from 2013 to 2015. Before moving to the Caribbean and Latin America region in 2013, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer for Asia Pacific. He is the son of an American diplomat, and has lived and worked in 13 countries. Mr. Smith is chair of the US-ASEAN Business Council. He is also on the board of the US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF). He is fluent in Spanish and conversant in Portuguese. Mr. Smith earned a Bachelor of Science from Brigham Young University and a Master of Business Administration from the Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto. On February 14, 2023, Marriott announced that Mr. Smith will be retiring from the Company, effective February 24, 2023. 

Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Guide 
 The Company has long maintained and enforced a Code of Ethics that applies to all Marriott associates, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer, and to each member of the Board. The Code of Ethics is encompassed in our Business Conduct Guide, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (Marriott.com/investor) by clicking on Governance and then Documents Charters. We intend to post on that website any future changes or amendments to our Code of Ethics, and any waiver of our Code of Ethics that applies to any of our executive officers or a member of our Board within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 
 (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 We include this portion of Item 15 under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 We include the financial statement schedule information required by the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC in the notes to our financial statements and incorporate that information in this Item 15 by reference. 
 (3) EXHIBITS 
 Any stockholder who wants a copy of the following Exhibits may obtain one from us upon request at a charge that reflects the reproduction cost of such Exhibits. Requests should be made to the Secretary, Marriott International, Inc., 7750 Wisconsin Avenue, Department 52/862, Bethesda, MD 20814. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 We have not filed as exhibits certain instruments defining the rights of holders of the long-term debt of Marriott or its subsidiary Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, because the amount of debt authorized and outstanding under each such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Company s and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Commission upon request. 
 Exhibit No. Description Incorporation by Reference (where a report is indicated below, that document has been previously filed with the SEC and the applicable exhibit is incorporated by reference thereto) 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Exhibit No. 3.(i) to our Form 8-K filed August 22, 2006 (File No. 001-13881). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. Exhibit No. 3.(ii) to our Form 8-K filed February 14, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate. Exhibit No. 4.5 to our Form S-3ASR filed December 8, 2005 (File No. 333-130212). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of November 16, 1998, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., formerly known as The Chase Manhattan Bank. Exhibit No. 4.1 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year- ended January 1, 1999 (File No. 001-13881). 
 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities. Exhibit No. 4.3 to our Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.1 U.S. 4,500,000 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 14, 2022 with Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent and certain banks. Exhibit No. 10 to our Form 8-K filed December 1 5 , 20 22 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.2.1 License, Services and Development Agreement entered into on November 17, 2011, among the Company, Marriott Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, and the other signatories thereto. Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed November 21, 2011 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.2.2 First Amendment to License, Services, and Development Agreement for Marriott Projects, dated February 26, 2018, among the Company, Marriott Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, and the other signatories thereto. Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed February 27, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.2.3 Letter of Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2018, among the Company, Marriott Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Rewards, LLC, Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Ownership Resorts, Inc., Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. and ILG, LLC. Exhibit No. 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed November 6, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.2.4 Letter of Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2022, among the Company, Marriott Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, Marriott Ownership Resorts, Inc., Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. and ILG, LLC. Exhibit No. 10.2.4 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.2.5 Letter of Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2022, among the Company, Marriott Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. and ILG, LLC. Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description Incorporation by Reference (where a report is indicated below, that document has been previously filed with the SEC and the applicable exhibit is incorporated by reference thereto) 10.2.6 Amendment to License, Services, and Development Agreement for Marriott Projects, dated May 19, 2022, among the Company, Marriott Worldwide Corporation, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, LLC, Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. and ILG, LLC. Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.3.1 License, Services and Development Agreement entered into on November 17, 2011, among The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C., Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, and the other signatories thereto. Exhibit No. 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed November 21, 2011 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.3.2 First Amendment to License, Services, and Development Agreement for Ritz-Carlton Projects, dated February 26, 2018, among The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C., Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, and the other signatories thereto. Exhibit No. 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed February 27, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.4.1 Marriott Bonvoy Affiliation Agreement entered into on November 10, 2021, among the Company, Marriott Rewards, L.L.C., Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries, Marriott Ownership Resorts, Inc., and the other signatories thereto. Exhibit No. 10.4.1 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Side Letter Agreement - Program Affiliation, dated February 26, 2018, among the Company, Marriott Vacations Worldwide, and certain of their subsidiaries. Exhibit No. 10.5 to our Form 8-K filed February 27, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.1 Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan, as amended through February 13, 2014. Exhibit A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed April 4, 2014 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.2 Amendment dated August 7, 2014 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10 to our Form 10-Q filed October 29, 2014 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.3 Amendment dated September 23, 2016 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.8.2 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.4 Amendment dated November 10, 2016 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.22 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.5 Amendment dated May 5, 2017 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.8.3 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.6 Amendment dated February 15, 2019 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.7.5 to our Form 10-K filed March 1, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.7 Amendment dated May 10, 2019 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.6.8 Amendment dated May 8, 2020 to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed August 10, 2020 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.7.1 Marriott International, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of February 11, 2022. Exhibit No. 10.6.1 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.7.2 First Amendment to the Marriott International, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of October 31, 2022. Filed with this report. 
 10.8.1 Form of MI Shares Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (March 2019). Exhibit No. 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description Incorporation by Reference (where a report is indicated below, that document has been previously filed with the SEC and the applicable exhibit is incorporated by reference thereto) 10.8.2 Form of Retention Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (March 2019). Exhibit No. 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.8.3 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit/MI Shares Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2021). Exhibit No. 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2021 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.8.4 Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Fee Award Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.8.5 Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Share Award Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan. Exhibit No. 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.9.1 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (pre-February 2018). Exhibit No. 10.12 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.9.2 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2018). Exhibit No. 10.7 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.9.3 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (March 2019). Exhibit No. 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.9.4 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2021). Exhibit No. 10.5 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2021 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.9.5 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Appreciation Right Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (Pre-May 2022). Exhibit No. 10.12.2 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.9.6 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Appreciation Right Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (May 2022). Exhibit No. 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.10.1 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (March 2019). Exhibit No. 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.10.2 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan (February 2021). Exhibit No. 10.6 to our Form 10-Q filed May 10, 2021 (File No. 001-13881) . 
 10.11.1 Starwood 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. Exhibit No. 4.4 to Starwood s Form S-8 filed June 28, 2013 (File No. 333-189674). 
 10.11.2 Amendment dated May 5, 2017 to the Starwood 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. Exhibit No. 10.19.1 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.12 Amendment dated June 29, 2016 to the Starwood 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. Exhibit No. 10.20 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.13 Amendment dated September 23, 2016 to the Starwood 2013 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. Exhibit No. 10.21 to our Form 10-K filed February 15, 2018 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.14 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, effective as of May 3, 2022, between Marriott International Administrative Services, Inc. and Anthony Capuano. Exhibit No. 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 10.15 Amended and Restated Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, effective as of May 3, 2022, between Marriott International Administrative Services, Inc. and J. Willard Marriott, Jr. Exhibit No. 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2022 (File No. 001-13881). 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description Incorporation by Reference (where a report is indicated below, that document has been previously filed with the SEC and the applicable exhibit is incorporated by reference thereto) 10.16 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, effective as of February 9, 2023, between Marriott International Administrative Services, Inc. and David Marriott. Filed with this report. 
 21 Subsidiaries of Marriott International, Inc. Filed with this report. 
 23 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. Filed with this report. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). Filed with this report. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). Filed with this report. 
 32 Section 1350 Certifications. Furnished with this report. 
 101 The following financial statements from Marriott International, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020; (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 104 The cover page from Marriott International, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 
 Denotes management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Portions of this exhibit were redacted pursuant to a confidential treatment request filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. The redacted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, we have duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on our behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 14th day of February 2023. 
 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 By: /s/Anthony G. Capuano Anthony G. Capuano Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on our behalf in the capacities indicated and on the date indicated above. 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER: /s/Anthony G. Capuano Chief Executive Officer and Director Anthony G. Capuano PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER: /s/Kathleen K. Oberg Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Business Operations Kathleen K. Oberg PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER: /s/Felitia Lee Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Felitia Lee DIRECTORS: /s/David S. Marriott 
 /s/Aylwin B. Lewis 
 David S. Marriott, Chairman of the Board 
 Aylwin B. Lewis, Director 
 /s/Isabella D. Goren /s/Margaret M. McCarthy 
 Isabella D. Goren, Director 
 Margaret M. McCarthy, Director 
 /s/Deborah Marriott Harrison 
 /s/George Mu oz 
 Deborah Marriott Harrison, Director 
 George Mu oz, Director 
 /s/Frederick A. Henderson 
 /s/Horacio D. Rozanski Frederick A. Henderson, Director 
 Horacio D. Rozanski, Director /s/Eric Hippeau /s/Susan C. Schwab Eric Hippeau, Director Susan C. Schwab, Director /s/Debra L. Lee 
 Debra L. Lee, Director 
 
 70 

<EX-10.7 2>
 2
 mar-q42022xexx1072.htm
 EX-10.7 2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7.2 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 WHEREAS , Marriott International, Inc. (the Company sponsors the Marriott International, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated February 11, 2022 and effective January 1, 2022 (the Plan 
 WHEREAS , Section 7.3(c) of the Plan permits the Company s most senior human resources executive (the HR Officer to amend the Plan at any time and from time to time, provided that no such amendment materially increases the cost to the Company of maintaining the Plan 
 WHEREAS , the HR Officer desires to amend the Plan to clarify the maximum deferral limitation for non-employee directors, consistent with the Plan s administrative practice, and such amendment does not materially increase the cost to the Company of maintaining the Plan 
 NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED , Plan Section 2.2(a) (Elections) shall be amended to provide as follows effective October 31, 2022 
 2.2 Elections . 
 (a) (i) Each Participant (other than a Participant described under subsection 1.19 (d) or 1.19(e)) shall have the option each calendar year to designate in an Election, in the form prescribed in Section 2.3, a percentage (the Deferral Percentage ), specified in multiples of one percent (1 not to exceed eighty percent (80 of such Participant's EDC Compensation for the pertinent Election Year, to be credited to the Deferred Compensation Reserve. 
 (ii) Each Non-Employee Director shall have the option each calendar year to designate in an Election, in the form prescribed in Section 2.3, a Deferral Percentage, specified in multiples of one percent (1 not to exceed one-hundred percent (100 of such Participant s EDC Compensation for the pertinent Election Year, to be credited to the Deferred Compensation Reserve. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsections (i) and (ii), the Administrator shall have the right to approve or disapprove such Election by any Participant, in whole or in part, in the sole discretion of the Administrator on or before the last day the Participant is permitted to make such Election under Code section 409A(a)(4) and the regulations thereunder. In accordance with procedures prescribed by the Administrator, a Participant may make a separate election under this Section 2.2(a) with respect to regular pay and to bonus, and the deferral limit shall apply separately to each separate election. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the HR Officer has adopted this resolution and amendment this 28th day of October, 2022. 
 s Benjamin T. Breland 
 Benjamin T. Breland, 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.7 2>

<EX-10.16>
 3
 mar-q42022xexx1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

 AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT 
 THIS AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made effective as of February 9, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Marriott International Administrative Services, Inc. Operator ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware and a subsidiary of Marriott International, Inc. Marriott ), and David Marriott, an individual Lessee ), who together are sometimes also referred to herein individually as a Party or collectively as Parties. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , Operator is the owner or lessee in lawful possession of the aircraft listed on Schedule A hereto, including all loose equipment, systems, all appliances, parts, instruments, appurtenances, avionics, accessories and equipment (including, without limitation, communication and radar equipment) now or hereafter installed in or attached to such aircraft, and all substitutions, replacements, and renewals and all other property that shall hereafter become physically incorporated or installed in or attached to such aircraft listed on Schedule A hereto, which Schedule A may be updated from time to time to reflect changes to the available aircraft owned or leased by Operator (the Aircraft and 
 WHEREAS , Operator contracts for a fully qualified and credentialed flight crew to operate the Aircraft and 
 WHEREAS , Lessee desires from time to time to lease one of the Aircraft with flight crew from Operator on a non-exclusive time-sharing basis, as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) of the Federal Aviation Regulations FAR ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for and in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, Operator and Lessee agree as follows 
 1. TERM . This Agreement shall commence on and be and continue in effect for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date of this Agreement, and thereafter shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of one (1) year, unless terminated as provided in Section 15. 
 2. LEASE OF AIRCRAFT . Operator agrees to lease the Aircraft to Lessee on a non-exclusive basis from time-to-time and subject to availability pursuant to the provisions of FAR 91.501(b)(6), 91.501(c)(1) and 91.501(d), and to provide, at its sole cost and expense, a fully qualified flight crew for all operations under this Agreement. Operator has contracted with an aviation management company to support Operator s aircraft operations, including, but not limited to, providing fully qualified flight crew and maintenance support. 
 3. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES . Lessee shall reimburse Operator for each flight conducted under this Agreement an amount equal to the following direct operating expenses, which in no event shall exceed the amount authorized to be reimbursed by FAR 91.501(d) 
 (a) Fuel, oil, lubricants, and other additives 
 (b) Travel expenses of the crew, including food, lodging and ground transportation 
 (c) Hangar and tie down costs away from the Aircraft s base of operation 
 (d) Insurance obtained for the specific flight 
 (e) Landing fees, airport taxes and similar assessments 
 (f) Customs, foreign permit, and similar fees directly related to the flight 
 (g) In-flight food and beverages 
 (h) Passenger ground transportation 
 (i) Flight planning and weather contract services and 
 Page 1 of 6 
 Time Sharing Agreement 
 
 3189046_4 

(j) An additional charge for other flight-specific costs in the amount of 100 of the expenses listed in item (a) of this section. 
 4. INVOICING FOR FLIGHTS . Operator shall pay all expenses related to the operation of the Aircraft in the ordinary course of business, and shall provide an invoice to Lessee by the fifteenth (15th) day of the month following the month in which any flight or flights for the account of Lessee occur. The invoice shall set forth the cost of each flight taken by Lessee, and shall be in the form provided by Operator. Lessee shall pay Operator for the total expenses set forth on each such invoice within thirty (30) days of receipt of such invoice. 
 5. TAXES . None of the payments to be made by Lessee under Section 3 of this Agreement includes, and Lessee shall be responsible for and shall indemnify and hold harmless Operator against, any taxes that may be assessed or levied by any taxing authority as a result of the lease of the Aircraft to Lessee, the use of the Aircraft by Lessee or the provision of taxable transportation to Lessee using the Aircraft. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge that reimbursement of all items specified in Section 3, except for subsections (g) and (h) thereof, are subject to the federal excise tax, and Lessee shall pay to Operator (for payment to the appropriate governmental agency) any such taxes applicable to flights of the Aircraft conducted hereunder. The amount due for taxes shall be included on the invoices submitted to Lessee. 
 6. FLIGHT REQUESTS . Lessee will provide Operator with requests for flight time and proposed flight schedules as far in advance of any given flight as is reasonably possible. Requests for flight time shall be in a form, whether written or oral, mutually convenient to, and agreed upon by the Parties. In addition to the proposed schedules and flight times, Lessee shall provide Operator the following information for each proposed flight prior to scheduled departure 
 (a) proposed departure point 
 (b) destination 
 (c) date and time of flight 
 (d) the number of anticipated passengers and their names 
 (e) the nature and extent of luggage and or cargo to be carried 
 (f) the date and time of return flight, if any 
 (g) for international trips, passport information and Customs-required information for all passengers and 
 (h) any other information concerning the proposed flight that may be pertinent or required by Operator or Operator s flight crew for security or other purposes. 
 7. SCHEDULING FLIGHTS . Lessee rights to schedule the use of the Aircraft shall at all times be subordinate to business use requirements of Operator, and Operator shall have final authority over the scheduling of the Aircraft, provided, however , that Operator will use its best efforts to provide the aircraft requested and otherwise accommodate Lessee s needs and to avoid conflicts in scheduling. For purposes of this Agreement, the home base is Manassas Regional Airport-KHEF Home Base ). Positioning flights to other locations, and or repositioning flights back to the Home Base shall be flights for Lessee, reimbursable under Section 3. 
 8. MAINTENANCE OF AIRCRAFT . As between Operator and Lessee, Operator shall be solely responsible for securing maintenance, preventive maintenance and all required or otherwise necessary inspections on the Aircraft, and shall take such requirements into account in scheduling the Aircraft. No period of maintenance, preventative maintenance or inspection shall be delayed or postponed for the purpose of scheduling the Aircraft, unless said maintenance or inspection can be safely conducted at a later time in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and within the sound discretion of the pilot in command. The pilot in command shall have final and complete authority to cancel any flight for any reason or condition that in his or her judgment would compromise the safety of the flight. 
 Page 2 of 6 
 Time Sharing Agreement 

9. OPERATIONAL CONTROL . Operational Control, as defined in 14 C.F.R. Paragraph 1.1 and for the purposes of this Agreement with respect to a flight, means the exclusive exercise of authority over initiating, conducting, or terminating a flight. Operator shall have complete and exclusive operational control of the Aircraft, which shall include, without limitation, providing the flight crew, selecting the pilot in command, and all other physical and technical operations of the Aircraft. Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed so as to convey to Lessee any operational control over, or possession, command and control of, the Aircraft, all of which are expressly retained by Operator. 
 10. FLIGHT CREW . Operator shall employ or contract with others to employ, pay for and provide to Lessee a qualified and credentialed flight crew for each flight undertaken under this Agreement. 
 11. SAFETY OF FLIGHTS . In accordance with applicable FAR, the qualified flight crew provided by Operator will exercise all of its duties and responsibilities in regard to the safety of each flight conducted hereunder. Lessee specifically agrees that the flight crew, in its sole discretion, may terminate any flight, refuse to commence any flight, or take other action that in the considered judgment of the pilot in command is necessitated by considerations of safety. No such action of the pilot in command shall create or support any liability for loss, injury, damage or delay to Lessee or any other person. The Parties further agree that Operator shall not be liable for delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and flight crew pursuant to this Agreement, when such failure is caused by government regulation or authority, mechanical difficulty, war, civil commotion, strikes or labor disputes, weather conditions, or acts of God. 
 12. INSURANCE . 
 
 12.1 Insurance Coverage . Operator hereby agrees to arrange for and maintain at all time during the term of this Agreement at no expense to Lessee (a) aircraft liability insurance for the Aircraft in the form and substance and with such insurers as is customary for corporate aircraft of the type similar to the Aircraft, and (b) aircraft hull insurance for the Aircraft with limits of not less than the then current fair market value of the Aircraft. 
 
 12.2 Additional Terms of Insurance . Any policies of insurance carried in accordance with this Agreement and any policies taken out in substitution or replacement of any such policies shall (a) name Lessee as an additional insured (b) include a severability of interest clause providing that such policy shall operate in the same manner as if there were a separate policy covering each insured (c) shall be primary, without right of contribution from any other insurance maintained by Lessee and (d) with respect to hull physical damage, waive any right of set off or subrogation against Lessee. 
 
 12.3 Deductible . Any Insurance Policy carried by Operator in accordance with this Section may be subject to a deductible amount. Operator warrants and agrees that in the event of an insurable claim, Operator will bear the costs of the deductible amount. 
 
 12.4 Certificate of Insurance . Upon request, Operator shall deliver to Lessee a certificate of insurance evidencing the insurance required to be maintained by Operator under this Section. 
 
 12.5. Additional Insurance . Operator will provide such additional insurance coverage as Lessee shall reasonably request or require, provided, however , that the cost of such additional insurance, if any, shall be borne by Lessee as set forth in Section 3(d) hereof. 
 
 13. REPRESENTATIONS OF LESSEE . Lessee represents and warrants that (a) he will use the Aircraft for his own account, including the carriage of his guests, and will not use the Aircraft for the purpose of providing transportation of passengers or cargo in air commerce for compensation or hire (b) he shall not permit any lien, security interest or other encumbrance in connection with inspection, preventative maintenance, maintenance or storage of the Aircraft, whether permissible or impermissible under this Agreement, nor shall there be any attempt by any Party hereto to convey, mortgage, assign, lease or any way alienate the Aircraft or create any kind of lien or security interest involving the Aircraft, or do anything or take any action that might mature into such a lien and (c) during the term of this Agreement, he will abide by and conform to all such laws, governmental and airport orders, rules and regulations, as shall from time to time be in effect relating in any way to the operation and use of the Aircraft by a time-sharing Lessee. 
 Page 3 of 6 
 Time Sharing Agreement 

14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY . 
 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, OPERATOR HAS MADE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT, INCLUDING ANY WITH RESPECT TO ITS DESIGN, CONDITION, QUALITY OF MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AIRWORTHINESS OR SAFETY. EACH PARTY AGREES THAT (a) THE PROCEEDS OF INSURANCE TO WHICH IT IS ENTITLED, AND (b) ITS RIGHT TO DIRECT DAMAGES ARISING IN CONTRACT FROM A MATERIAL BREACH OF THE OTHER PARTY S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE THE SOLE REMEDIES FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS, OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION, EACH PARTY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO RECOVER ANY DAMAGE, LOSS, OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR OR HAVE ANY DUTY FOR INDEMNIFICATION OR CONTRIBUTION TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY CLAIMED INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES CONSISTING OF DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE OR DEPRECIATION OF VALUE OF THE AIRCRAFT, LOSS OF PROFIT OR INSURANCE DEDUCTIBLE. 
 OPERATOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LESSEE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE AIRCRAFT AND FLIGHT CREW FOR ANY FLIGHTS. 
 This Section 14 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 15. TERMINATION . This Agreement may be terminated by either Party (a) upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination given by one Party to the other, which may be given for any reason or no reason, and (b) immediately in order to comply with any change in law, regulation or exemption relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall automatically terminate on the date that (a) Lessee ceases to be in the service of Marriott or any of its affiliates as an employee or director or (b) Operator no longer owns or leases, or has Operational Control of, the Aircraft. 
 
 16. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 16.1 Confidentiality . The Parties agree (on behalf of themselves and each of their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees and representatives) to keep confidential, the terms of this Agreement and any non-public information supplied to it by another Party pursuant to this Agreement, provided that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure of any such information (a) to the extent required by statute, rule, regulation or judicial process (b) to counsel for any Party (c) to examiners, auditors or accountants of any Party (d) in connection with any litigation to which any Party is a party relating to this Lease (e) which has been publicly disclosed or (f) to any assignee (or prospective assignee) so long as such assignee (or prospective assignee) has agreed in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Section. 
 16.2 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the final, complete, and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between the Parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings of the Parties. 
 16.3 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is found to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. Any such prohibition or unenforceability in one jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each Party hereto hereby waives any provision of law that renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 
 Page 4 of 6 
 Time Sharing Agreement 

16.4 Amendments and Modifications . The terms of this Agreement shall not be waived, varied, contradicted, explained, amended or changed in any other manner except by an instrument in writing, executed by both Parties. 
 16.5 Choice of Law Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Maryland (disregarding any conflict of laws rule which might result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction), including all matters of construction, validity, and performance. The exclusive jurisdiction for any disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be a State or Federal Court in the State of Maryland. 
 16.6 Execution . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures conveyed via facsimile or by electronic mail shall have the same force and effect as original signatures. 
 17. TRUTH IN LEASING STATEMENT . 
 17.1 TRUTH-IN-LEASING COMPLIANCE . PURSUANT TO FAR SECTION 91.23 
 (a) A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CARRIED ABOARD THE AIRCRAFT 
 (b) A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE FILED WITH THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION S AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BRANCH WITHIN TWENTY-FOUR (24) HOURS OF EXECUTION AND 
 (c) THE RESPONSIBLE FLIGHT STANDARDS OFFICE WILL BE NOTIFIED AT LEAST FORTY-EIGHT (48) HOURS PRIOR TO THE FIRST (1st) FLIGHT OF ANY AIRCRAFT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OF THE REGISTRATION NUMBER OF THE AIRCRAFT, THE LOCATION OF THE AIRPORT OF DEPARTURE, AND THE DEPARTURE TIME. 
 17.2 TRUTH-IN-LEASING STATEMENT . IN ACCORDANCE WITH FAR SECTION 91.23 
 (a) THE AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED UNDER FAR PART 91 AND OR PART 135 DURING THE TWELVE (12)-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (b) THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS OF FAR PART 91 AND OR PART 135 FOR OPERATIONS TO BE CONDUCTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (c) DURING THE DURATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, OPERATOR IS CONSIDERED RESPONSIBLE FOR OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF ALL AIRCRAFT IDENTIFIED AND TO BE OPERATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 
 (d) AN EXPLANATION OF THE FACTORS BEARING ON OPERATIONAL CONTROL AND THE PERTINENT FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE RESPONSIBLE FLIGHT STANDARDS OFFICE. 
 (e) THE UNDERSIGNED OPERATOR, CERTIFIES THAT OPERATOR IS RESPONSIBLE FOR OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT AND 
 Page 5 of 6 
 Time Sharing Agreement 

UNDERSTANDS ITS RESPONSIBILITIES FOR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS. 
 Signature page follows 
 Page 6 of 6 
 Time Sharing Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

OPERATOR 
 LESSEE MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES, INC. DAVID MARRIOTT By s Kathleen K. Oberg By s David Marriott Name Kathleen K. Oberg Title Vice President 

Signature Page 
 Time Sharing Agreement 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21>
 4
 mar-q42022xexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

Marriott International, Inc. 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 The following is a list of subsidiaries of Marriott International. Inc., omitting certain joint ventures, which considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as defined in Regulation S-X as of December 31, 2022. 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation 1367357 Alberta ULC Canada 14 East Fifty-Fifth Air Parcel, LLC Delaware 14 East Fifty-Fifth Street New York LLC Delaware 1567 Broadway Condominium New York 1640054 Alberta ULC Canada 315 East Dean Street Aspen LLC Delaware 333 International, Inc. Delaware 3387 Lenox Road LLC Delaware 6106 East Camelback LLC Delaware 697 Fifth Avenue New York LLC Delaware 909 North Michigan Avenue Corporation Delaware 9701 Collins Avenue, LLC Delaware Aberdeen Hotel Limited Jersey ACHM Gerenciamento Internacional de Hoteis do Brasil Ltda. Brazil ACHM Global Hospitality Licensing S. r.l. Luxembourg ACHM International Management Company (French Branch) France ACHM International Management Company S.ar.l, Bertrange, Zurich Branch Switzerland ACHM International Management Company S. r.l. Luxembourg Adamar International Lodging, Ltd. Bermuda Administracion de Empresas Starwood S de RL de SV Mexico Aeropuerto Shareholder, Inc. Delaware Aloft Hotel Management, Inc. Delaware Aloft International Hotel Management, Inc. Delaware Alpha Steam Acquisition, LLC Delaware Alphaventure Music Publishing Corp. New York Alstar Operating LLC New York Alstar Realty LLC New York AP Arabella (Pty) Ltd South Africa AP Mount Grace (Pty) Limited South Africa Atlanta Acquisition LLC Delaware Bal Harbour Hotel LLC Delaware Baltic Investment Company, L.L.C. New Jersey Baltimore Marriott Inner Harbor, L.L.C. Delaware BCN Hotel Management Company, S.L. Spain Berlin Marriott Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Betaventure Music Publishing Corp. New York Blue Marble Co., Inc. Delaware Boston Convention Associates, LLC Delaware Branch of the private limited liability company Luxury Hotels International Management Company (Moscow Branch) Russian Federation Branch Office of the Private limited liability company The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company B.V. (Russian Branch) Russian Federation 
 1 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation BW SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia Camelback Country Club, Inc. (d b a Camelback Golf Club) Arizona Camelback Properties Inn, Inc. Delaware Canal Street Holdings, Inc. Delaware Capitol Employment Services, LLC Delaware CBM Annex, Inc. Delaware Centerline Georgia Investor LLC Delaware Charleston Marriott, LLC Delaware Chicago Hotel Services, LLC Delaware Ciga Gestioni S.r.l Italy CIGA Hotels GmbH Austria CIGA Immobiliare B.V. Netherlands CIGA International Management B.V. Netherlands Cigahotels Espana S.L.U Spain Classic Select Hospitality Service Company Japan Cologne MH Operating Company GmbH Germany Colony Club (Barbados) Limited Barbados Colony SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia Columbia Courtyard, Inc. Maryland Companhia Palmares Hoteis E Turismo Brazil Corporate General, Inc. Delaware Courtyard Management LLC Delaware Crystal Cove Hotel Limited Barbados Crystal SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia CTYD III Corporation Delaware CY Paris Gare de Lyon Bercy SAS France Daphne s Restaurant (St. Lucia) Limited Saint Lucia Delta Hotels Services Limited Canada Design Hotels GmbH Germany Design Hotels Limited United Kingdom Design Hotels New York, Inc New York Design Hotels PTE. LTD. Singapore Destination Services of Scottsdale LLC Delaware Detroit CY, LLC. Delaware Detroit Hotel Services, LLC Delaware Detroit MHS, LLC Delaware Detroit Starwood, LLC Delaware Dominican Hotels (B.V.I.) Ltd. Virgin Islands, British EDITION Management LLC Delaware Elan Hotel Beverage Corporation Texas Elegant Finance (St. Lucia) Limited Saint Lucia Elegant Hotels (Barbados) Management Limited Barbados Elegant Hotels BGI Limited Barbados Elegant Hotels Group Limited United Kingdom Elegant Restaurant Ltd. Barbados Elegant Services (St. Lucia) Limited Saint Lucia Empresa de Servicios Reforma 325, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Emstar Operating LLC New York 
 2 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Emstar Realty LLC New York Essex House Condominium Corporation Delaware F. L. Insurance Corporation Hawaii Fairfield FMC, LLC Delaware Fifth Avenue Hotel Suites, LLC Delaware Fiji Cayman Holdings Cayman Islands FOH Holdco, LLC Delaware Franchise and License (Canadian) Ops Limited Partnership Canada Franchise System Holdings, Inc. Delaware Frankfurt Airport Marriott Hotel Management GmbH Germany Frankfurt Marriott Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Galaxy Hotel Systems LLC Delaware Gateway Beverages, Inc. Texas Geyex International N.V. Curacao GH Hotel Operating Company Limited United Kingdom Global Connextions LLC Delaware Global Hospitality Licensing S. r.l. Luxembourg Granton International, Ltd. Virgin Islands, British Guangzhou Gingerroot Information Technology Co., Ltd. China Guangzhou Starwood Customer Contact Centre Co., Ltd. China Hamburg Marriott Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Headquarters Hotel Management, L.L.C. New Jersey Heidelberg Marriott Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Hospitality International, Inc. Texas Host Restaurants, Inc. Delaware HOT Finance Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg HOT Finance Luxembourg, LLC Delaware HOT Global Holding SCS Luxembourg HOT International Finance SARL Luxembourg HOT International Holding S.A.R.L., Luxembourg, Zurich Branch Switzerland HOT International Holding SARL Luxembourg HOT Luxembourg Holding SARL Luxembourg HOT Ventures LLC Delaware Hotel Gym Ventures, LLC Delaware Hotel Investors of Michigan, Inc. Michigan Hotel Investors of Nebraska, Inc. Nebraska Hoteles Sheraton del Peru S.A.C. Peru Hoteles Sheraton, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Hudson Sheraton Corporation LLC Delaware Hunt Valley Courtyard, Inc. Delaware IDF Enterprises LLC Delaware Inmobiliaria Valiant, S. de R.L.de C.V. Mexico International Hotel Licensing Company S. r.l, Luxembourg, Zurich Branch Switzerland International Hotel Licensing Company S. r.l. Luxembourg International Luxury Hotels (Singapore) Pte. Limited Singapore International Tourism Management Services, LLC Florida ITT Corporation Split Dollar Life Death Benefits Trust New York Japan Hospitality Service Company Japan 
 3 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Japan Hotel Management Company Japan Kansas Hospitality Services, Inc. Kansas KW Beach Suites Limited Partnership Florida LAX Properties, LLC Delaware Le Centre Sheraton Limited Partnership Canada Leipzig Marriott Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany LF, South Beach, LLC Delaware LHI (MYANMAR) CO., LTD. Myanmar LHI Rwanda Ltd Rwanda Limited Liability Company St. Petersburg CY Hotel Leasing Russian Federation LLC MHR Nizhny Novgorod Hotel Management Russian Federation LM IPCO (Italy) LLC Delaware Lottco I, LLC Delaware Lottco II, LLC Delaware Lux Hotels Management Peru S.A.C. Peru Lux International Hotels N.V. Curacao Luxury Canada, ULC Canada Luxury China Hotels Limited Hong Kong Luxury Finance, LLC Delaware Luxury Holding of Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Luxury Hotel Leasing South Africa (Pty) Ltd (f k a PH Hunters Rest (Pty) Ltd) South Africa Luxury Hotel Management of Bolivia S.R.L. Bolivia Luxury Hotel Management of Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Luxury Hotels & Resorts (Thailand) Limited Thailand Luxury Hotels (Barbados) Limited Barbados Luxury Hotels (China) International Management of Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Luxury Hotels Broad-Based Ownership Trust South Africa Luxury Hotels Cape Town (Pty) Ltd South Africa Luxury Hotels Design & Construction Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Luxury Hotels International (Gabon) SARL Gabon Luxury Hotels International Company of Jamaica Limited Jamaica Luxury Hotels International Design & Construction Services, Inc. Delaware Luxury Hotels International Lodging Ltd. Bermuda Luxury Hotels International Lodging Ltd. (Cayman Islands Branch) Cayman Islands Luxury Hotels International Lodging Ltd. (Panama Branch) Panama Luxury Hotels International Management (Bonaire) B.V. Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Luxury Hotels International Management (Oman) LLC Oman Luxury Hotels International Management Austria GmbH Austria Luxury Hotels International Management Belgium SRL Belgium Luxury Hotels International Management Colombia S.A.S. Colombia Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. Netherlands Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. (Azerbaijan Branch) Azerbaijan Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. (Egypt Branch) Egypt Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. (El Salvador Branch) El Salvador Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. (Libya Branch) Libya Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. (Malaysia Branch) Malaysia Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. (Portuguese Branch) Portugal 
 4 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V., Taiwan Branch Taiwan (Province of China) Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V., tib slandi (Iceland Branch) Iceland Luxury Hotels International Management Italy Srl. Italy Luxury Hotels International Management Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Luxury Hotels International Management of Aruba N.V. Aruba Luxury Hotels International Management of Guatemala, S.A. Guatemala Luxury Hotels International Management of Saudi Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Luxury Hotels International Management St. Kitts Limited Saint Kitts and Nevis Luxury Hotels International Management Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Luxury Hotels International MEA-KSA Limited Saudi Arabia Luxury Hotels International MEA-QFC LLC Qatar Luxury Hotels International of Canada, ULC Canada Luxury Hotels International of France SAS France Luxury Hotels International of Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Luxury Hotels International of Hong Kong Limited (Macao Branch) Macao Luxury Hotels International of Japan, Inc. Japan Luxury Hotels International of Puerto Rico, Inc. Puerto Rico Luxury Hotels International of Spain S.L.U. Spain Luxury Hotels International of Tunisia SARL Tunisia Luxury Hotels International of Vietnam Limited Vietnam Luxury Hotels International OR Tambo (Pty) Ltd South Africa Luxury Hotels International Sales of Israel Ltd. Israel Luxury Hotels International Saudi Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Luxury Hotels International South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa Luxury Hotels International Sweden AB Sweden Luxury Hotels Irish Holding Company Limited Ireland Luxury Hotels Management (BVI) Limited Virgin Islands, British Luxury Hotels Management (BVI) Limited (Guyana Branch) Guyana Luxury Hotels Management (BVI) Limited (Haiti Branch) Haiti Luxury Hotels Management (BVI) Limited Ogranak Beograd Serbia Luxury Hotels Management Bermuda Ltd. Bermuda Luxury Hotels Management Ghana Ltd Ghana Luxury Hotels Management MEA Limited United Arab Emirates Luxury Hotels Management St. Lucia Limited Saint Lucia Luxury Hotels of Costa Rica Management Company, Sociedad de Responsabilidad Limitada Costa Rica Luxury Hotels of Turks & Caicos Ltd Turks and Caicos Islands Luxury Hotels Uluslararasi Otel Isletmeciligi Limited Sirketi Turkey Luxury International Holdings of Canada, ULC Canada Luxury International Management Nigeria Limited Nigeria Luxury Lodging (CMB) Co., Ltd. Cambodia LUXURY MANAGEMENT COMPANY MACEDONIA DOOEL Skopje North Macedonia, Republic of Luxury Reservations Limited Ireland Luxury Singapore Holding Company Pte. Ltd. Singapore Luxury Swiss Management Company GmbH Switzerland Luxury Swiss Management Company GmbH (Morocco Branch) Morocco Luxury Swiss Management Company GmbH (New Zealand Branch) New Zealand Luxury Swiss Management Company GmbH, Ethiopia International Contracting Office Ethiopia Luxury Switzerland Holding Company GmbH Switzerland 
 5 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation LuxuryHotels International of Ecuador Cia. Ltda. Ecuador M.H.S. Realty Sales, LLC Delaware Malta Regional Hospitality Licensing Limited Malta Manhattan Sheraton Corporation New York Mar Hoteis de Sao Paulo Ltda. Brazil Marriott (Schweiz) GmbH Switzerland Marriott Acquisition 2002 Subsidiary, LLC Delaware Marriott Acquisition 2002, LLC Delaware Marriott Argentina Licensing Company S.A. Argentina MARRIOTT BRASIL LICENCIAMENTO LTDA Brazil MARRIOTT BRASIL SERVICOS LTDA Brazil Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company I, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company II, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company III, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company IV, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company VI, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company VIII, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Cayman Islands Licensing Company X, Ltd. Cayman Islands Marriott Chile Licensing Company Limitada Chile Marriott Chile S.A. Chile Marriott Claims Services Corporation Texas Marriott Crystal City Manager, LLC Delaware Marriott Curacao N.V. Curacao Marriott De Honduras, Sociedad de Responsabilidad Limitada Honduras Marriott Ecuador Licensing Company MLC CIA LTDA Ecuador Marriott Fifth Avenue, LLC Delaware Marriott France Group Companies SAS France Marriott Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Marriott Hotel Holding GmbH Germany Marriott Hotel Management Company (Virgin Islands), Inc. Virgin Islands, U.S. Marriott Hotel Services Berlin GmbH Germany Marriott Hotel Services, LLC Delaware Marriott Hotel-Betriebsgesellschaft, m.b.H Austria Marriott Hotelmanagement Cologne GmbH Germany Marriott Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Marriott Hotels India Private Limited India Marriott Hotels International B.V. Netherlands Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Armenia Branch) Armenia Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Caracas, Venezuela Branch) Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Dominican Republic Branch) Dominican Republic Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Egypt Branch) Egypt Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Jordan Branch) Jordan Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Portugal Branch) Portugal Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Seoul MEA Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott Hotels International B.V. (Seoul, South Korea Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott Hotels International Limited United Kingdom Marriott Hotels International Limited (Belgium Branch) Belgium 
 6 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Marriott Hotels International Limited (French Branch - Liasion Office) France Marriott Hotels Limited United Kingdom Marriott Hotels Maldives Private Limited Maldives Marriott Hotels Management France SAS France Marriott Hotels of Amsterdam, B.V. Netherlands Marriott Hotels, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Marriott Hurghada Management, Inc. Delaware Marriott Hurghada Management, Inc. (Egypt Branch) Egypt Marriott Insurance Agency, L.L.C. Delaware Marriott International Administrative Services, Inc. Delaware Marriott International Capital Corporation Delaware Marriott International Construction Services, Inc. Delaware Marriott International Design & Construction Services, Inc. Delaware Marriott International Design & Construction Services, Inc. (UK Establishment) United Kingdom Marriott International Finance Company B.V. Netherlands Marriott International Holding Company B.V., Bertrange, Zurich Branch Switzerland Marriott International Holding Company B.V. S. r.l. Luxembourg Marriott International Hotels, Inc. Maryland Marriott International Hotels, Inc. (Argentina Branch) Argentina Marriott International Hotels, Inc. (Ecuador Branch) Ecuador Marriott International Hotels, Inc. (Egypt Branch) Egypt Marriott International Hotels, Inc. (Lebanon Branch) Lebanon Marriott International Hotels, Inc. (Malaysia Branch) Malaysia Marriott International Hotels, Inc. (Philippine Branch) Philippines Marriott International Hotels, Inc. Maryland USA Sucursala Bucuresti Romania (Romanian Branch) Romania Marriott International JBS Corporation Delaware Marriott International Licensing Company B.V. Netherlands Marriott International Lodging N.V. Curacao Marriott International Management Company B.V. Netherlands Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Australian Branch) Australia Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Courtyard Suwon Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Daegu Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Dongdaemoon Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Fairfield Busan Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Fairfield Busan Songdo Beach Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Fairfield Yeongdeungpo Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Magok Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Namdaemun Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Seongnam Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International Management Company B.V. (Seoul Branch) Korea, Republic of Marriott International, Inc. Delaware Marriott Inversiones y Servicios Limitada Chile Marriott Jamaica Licensing Company Limited Jamaica Marriott Magenta Holding Company, Inc. Delaware Marriott Market Street Hotel, Inc. Delaware Marriott Mirage City Management, Inc. Delaware Marriott Mirage City Mangement, Inc. (Egypt Branch) Egypt 
 7 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Marriott Oak Brook Hills Services, LLC Delaware Marriott P.R. Management Corporation Delaware Marriott Payment Services, LLC Delaware Marriott Payroll Services, LLC Delaware Marriott Peru Licensing Company SRL Peru Marriott Ranch Properties, Inc. Delaware Marriott Rewards Subsidiary, Inc. Delaware Marriott Rewards, Inc. Delaware Marriott Rewards, LLC Arizona Marriott RHG Acquisition B.V., Bertrange, Zurich Branch Switzerland Marriott RHG Acquisition B.V. S. r.l. Luxembourg Marriott Senior Holding Co. Delaware Marriott Sharm El Sheikh Management, Inc. Delaware Marriott Switzerland Licensing Company II S.ar.l Switzerland Marriott Switzerland Licensing Company S.ar.l Switzerland Marriott Switzerland Licensing Company S.ar.l (Nevis branch) Saint Kitts and Nevis Marriott Trinidad & Tobago Limited Trinidad and Tobago Marriott Two Flags Member LLC Delaware Marriott Two Flags, LP Delaware Marriott U.S. Virgin Islands Licensing Company LLC Virgin Islands, U.S. Marriott UK Group Company Limited United Kingdom Marriott UK Management Company Limited United Kingdom Marriott Worldwide Corporation Maryland Marriott Worldwide Corporation (Jordan Branch) Jordan Marriott Worldwide Payroll, LLC Delaware Marriott Worldwide Reservation Services, LLC Delaware Marriott's Greenbelt Hotel Services, Inc. Delaware Mars Merger Sub, LLC Delaware MC Lodging Investment Opportunities, Inc. Delaware Meridien India I LLC Delaware Meridien India II LLC Delaware Meridien SAS France Meridien SAS, Egypt Branch Egypt MHS Guam, Inc. Delaware MHSFR II, LLC Delaware MHSFR, LLC Delaware MHSI Conference Centers of Texas, Inc. Texas MHSI Hawaii, LLC Delaware MI CBM Investor LLC Delaware MI Finance Company Delaware MI Fulfillment Services, LLC Maryland MI Georgia Credits, LLC Delaware MI Holding, L. P. Delaware MI Hotels of Las Vegas, Inc. Nevada MI Member, LLC Delaware MI NY Clock Tower, LLC Delaware MI Park 201, LLC Delaware MI Tenant LLC Delaware 
 8 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation MI TH4 INVESTOR, LLC Delaware MICC (California), LLC Delaware MICC SPE I Corp. Delaware Midnight Lakeshore LLC Delaware Midnight Mexico, LLC Delaware Midnight Midland LLC Delaware Midnight Oil Company, LLC Delaware Midnight Sky, L.L.C. Delaware Midnight Square, LLC Delaware Midnight Star, L.L.C. Delaware MIF, L.L.C. Delaware MII Conference Center, Inc. Maryland Mission Hills Timeshare, L.L.C. Delaware MRC I Funding, LLC Delaware MTS Holdco, L.P. Delaware Munich CY Schwanthaler Operating Company GmbH Germany Nara Hospitality Service Company Japan North Dallas Holding Co. Delaware North Dallas Hotel Company Delaware North Wharf Restaurant (Pty) Ltd South Africa Operadora Marriott, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Osaka St. Regis Hotel Co., Ltd. Japan Paynes Bay Investments Limited Barbados Permanent Establishment of Luxury Hotels International Management Company B.V. Ukraine PH Edward (Pty) Ltd South Africa PH F and I Cape Town (Pty) Ltd South Africa PH Hazyview (Pty) Ltd South Africa PH Marine (Pty) Ltd South Africa PH Roodepoort (Pty) Ltd South Africa PH Victoria Junction (Pty) Ltd South Africa Preferred Guest, Inc. Delaware Protea Hotel International Mauritius Mauritius Protea Hotels (International) Limited United Kingdom Protea Hotels and Inns (Pty) Limited South Africa Protea Hotels Empowerment Consortium (Pty) Ltd South Africa Protea Hotels Empowerment Initiative (Pty) Ltd South Africa Protea Hotels Nigeria Limited Nigeria PT Indo Pacific Sheraton Indonesia PT Luxury Hotels International Indonesia Indonesia PT Marriott International Indonesia Indonesia PT Ritz Carlton Indonesia Indonesia PT Starwood Meridien Indonesia Indonesia Punta Mita Holding Company, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Ramasia International Limited Virgin Islands, British Ramcap SAS France RC Hotel Holding Company Limited Virgin Islands, British RC Hotel Holding Company Limited (Cayman Islands Branch) Cayman Islands RC Marriott II, Inc. Delaware 
 9 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation RC Marriott III, Inc. Delaware RC Marriott, Inc. Delaware RC Paradise Valley Development, LLC Delaware RC Rose Holding Company Limited Virgin Islands, British RC-UK, Inc. Delaware REN Boston Hotel Management LLC Delaware REN Boston LP Delaware REN Boston Waterfront Hotel, LLC Delaware Renaissance Cleveland Hotel, LLC Delaware Renaissance Cleveland IOSA, LLC Delaware Renaissance do Brasil Hotelaria Ltda (Development branch) Brazil Renaissance do Brasil Hotelaria Ltda. Brazil Renaissance do Brasil Hotelaria Ltda. (JW Sao Paolo branch) Brazil Renaissance do Brasil Hotelaria Ltda. (Porto Maravilha branch) Brazil Renaissance do Brasil Hotelaria Ltda. (Sao Paulo Branch) Brazil Renaissance Dusseldorf Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Renaissance Hamburg Hotelmanagement GmbH Germany Renaissance Hollywood Payroll Company, LLC Delaware Renaissance Hotel Holdings, Inc. Delaware Renaissance Hotel Management Company, LLC Delaware Renaissance Hotel Operating Company Delaware Renaissance Hotels International B.V. Netherlands Renaissance Hotels International B.V. (Kazakhstan Branch) Kazakhstan Renaissance Hotels International Corporation Limited Virgin Islands, British Renaissance Hotels International Corporation Limited (Malaysia Branch) Malaysia Renaissance Hotels International Corporation Limited (Philippine Branch) Philippines Renaissance Hotels International Management Belgium SRL Belgium Renaissance Hotels Marketing Services Limited Virgin Islands, British Renaissance International Lodging Ltd. Bermuda Renaissance International Lodging N.V. Curacao Renaissance International Management Company B.V. Netherlands Renaissance International, Inc. Delaware Renaissance International, Inc. (Egyptian Branch) Egypt Renaissance Le Parc SAS France Renaissance Oakbrook Hotel, LLC Delaware Renaissance Services B.V. Netherlands Renaissance Services B.V. (Bahrain Representative Office) Bahrain Renaissance Special Purposes B.V. Netherlands Renaissance St. Louis Grand, LLC Delaware Renaissance St. Louis Suites, LLC Delaware Residence Inn by Marriott, LLC Delaware RG Holdings LLC Delaware RHG Holding N.V. Curacao RHG Investments, LLC Delaware RHIL Limited Hong Kong RHOC Consolidation, LLC Delaware RI BWI Airport, L.L.C. Delaware Rio Hotel Brasil Empreendimentos Imobili rios Ltda. Brazil 
 10 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Ritz-Carlton (Virgin Islands), Inc. Delaware Rockville Hotel Associates LLC Delaware Roissy CYBM SAS France Ronevsorg Hotel Operating Company Limited United Kingdom S Collection, Inc. Delaware Sabrina Operators, Inc. Wisconsin San Diego Sheraton LLC Delaware San Fernando Sheraton Corporation Delaware SC Orlando, L.L.C. Delaware Schaumberg Oakbrook Marriott Hotels, LLC Delaware Scoops, Inc. Kansas Seattle Management LLC Delaware Senior Living Limited Partnership Delaware Servicios Hoteleros Starwood Limitada Chile Seville Acquisition, LLC Delaware SF Museum Tower LLC Delaware Shanghai Gingerroot Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. China Shanghai Gingerroot Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Beijing Branch China Shanghai Gingerroot Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Branch China Shanghai Gingerroot Hotel Management Co., Ltd. China Shanghai Gingerroot Hotel Management Co., Ltd., Beijing Branch China Shanghai Gingerroot Hotel Management Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Branch China Sheraton (Bermuda) Limited Bermuda Sheraton Asia-Pacific Corporation Delaware Sheraton Beijing LLC Delaware Sheraton Centre Toronto Limited Partnership Canada Sheraton Crescent LLC Delaware Sheraton de Venezuela CA Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Sheraton Florida LLC Delaware Sheraton Forty-Five Park LLC Delaware Sheraton Gaming (Peru) LLC Delaware Sheraton Gaming Corporation Nevada Sheraton Gateway Limited Partnership Canada Sheraton Grand Phoenix LLC Delaware Sheraton Hawaii Hotels Corporation Hawaii Sheraton Hotels (England) Ltd. United Kingdom Sheraton Hotels (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom Sheraton Intercontinental Limited Bahamas Sheraton Intercontinental Ltd. - Israel Branch Israel Sheraton International (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Sheraton International de Mexico LLC Delaware Sheraton International GmbH Austria Sheraton International IP, LLC Delaware Sheraton International, LLC Delaware Sheraton IPCO (Italy) LLC Delaware Sheraton Key West LLC Delaware Sheraton License Company Russia, Inc. Delaware 
 11 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Sheraton License Operating Company, LLC Delaware Sheraton Management Company Limited Bahamas Sheraton Management GmbH Germany Sheraton Management, LLC Delaware Sheraton Miami LLC Delaware Sheraton Middle East Management LLC Delaware Sheraton New Jersey Corporation New Jersey Sheraton New York LLC Delaware Sheraton on the Park Pty Ltd Australia Sheraton Operating LLC Delaware Sheraton Overseas Company Limited Bahamas Sheraton Overseas Company Limited, Egypt Branch Egypt Sheraton Overseas Management Corporation Delaware Sheraton Overseas Management Corporation - Tunis Branch Tunisia Sheraton Overseas Management Corporation (Argentina Branch) Argentina Sheraton Overseas Management Corporation (Thailand Branch) Thailand Sheraton Overseas Technical Services LLC Delaware Sheraton Peachtree LLC Delaware Sheraton Puerto Rico Management LLC Delaware Sheraton San Antonio Holdings LLC Delaware Sheraton SGC Sub Corporation Nevada Sheraton Suites LLC Delaware Sheraton Texas LLC Delaware Sheraton Vermont Corporation Vermont Sheraton West Houston Beverage, LLC Texas SII Real Estate Holdings, Inc. Delaware SJMEC, Inc. California SJMFB, LLC California SLC Acquisition LLC Delaware SLC Atlanta LLC Delaware SLC Indianapolis LLC Delaware SLC Management LLC Delaware SLC Mexico, LLC Delaware SLC Operating Limited Partnership Delaware Socho, S.A. Argentina Societe des Hotels de Noumea New Caledonia Societe des Hotels Meridien France Solar International Holdings Limited Cayman Islands SPG Holding, Inc. Arizona Spice Market Holdings, Inc. Delaware SPRINGHILL SMC, LLC Delaware Square 369 Hotel Associates, LLC Delaware SRH Chicago LLC Illinois St. Francis Hotel Corporation Delaware St. Regis New York Holdings LLC Delaware St. Regis New York Operating LLC Delaware St. Regis San Francisco Hotel LLC Delaware St. Regis Sheraton LLC Delaware 
 12 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Star Real Estate Licensing LLC Delaware Starwood (M) France Holdings SAS France Starwood (M) Hotels Holding Corporation Delaware Starwood (M) International Inc. Delaware Starwood (M) Middle East I, LLC Delaware Starwood (M) Middle East II, LLC Delaware Starwood (M) Services Company, Inc. Delaware Starwood (Ukraine) Management Company, Inc. Delaware Starwood Alfonso XIII Hotel Company, S.L.U. Spain Starwood Asia Pacific Hotels & Resorts Pte. Ltd. Singapore Starwood Asia Pacific Hotels & Resorts Pte. Ltd. (Maldives Branch) Maldives Starwood Asia Pacific Hotels & Resorts Pte. Ltd. (Samoa Branch) Samoa Starwood Aspen Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Atlanta Colony Square Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Atlantic LLC Delaware Starwood Australia Hotels Pty Ltd Australia Starwood BPP Holdings LLC Delaware Starwood Canada ULC Canada Starwood Cayman Holdings Cayman Islands Starwood Checkmate Holdings, Inc. Delaware Starwood Chicago City Center Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Chicago Lakeshore Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Chicago Special Manager I, LLC Delaware Starwood Chicago Special Manager II, LLC Delaware Starwood Chile Holdings, S.A. Chile Starwood CMBS I LLC Delaware Starwood CMBS II LLC Delaware Starwood Customer Contact Centre (AP) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Starwood Development Consulting Services (AP) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Starwood EAME License and Services Company BV Belgium Starwood EAME Services Company BV Belgium Starwood Edison GP Holdings LLC Delaware Starwood Edison LP Holdings LLC Delaware Starwood Egypt Management Company SAE Egypt Starwood ESPP Funding, Inc. Delaware Starwood Fiji LLC Delaware Starwood Finance Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg Starwood Flight Operations, Inc. Pennsylvania Starwood Holdings (HK) Limited Hong Kong Starwood Hong Kong Holdings Cayman Islands Starwood Hotel Management Company Greece S.A. Greece Starwood Hotels & Resorts (SEA) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Starwood Hotels & Resorts (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Starwood Hotels & Resorts (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Beijing Branch China Starwood Hotels & Resorts (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Branch China Starwood Hotels & Resorts India Private Limited India Starwood Hotels & Resorts Management Company, LLC Delaware Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC Maryland 
 13 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Starwood Hotels (Thailand) Company Limited Thailand Starwood Hotels Japan Company Japan Starwood India Private Limited India Starwood International Finance Ltd Ireland Starwood International Holding SARL Luxembourg Starwood International Licensing Company SARL Luxembourg Starwood Israel Hotel Management - Israel Branch Israel Starwood Israel Hotel Management Inc. Delaware Starwood Italia S.R.L. Italy Starwood Lahaina LLC Delaware Starwood Latin America, Inc. Delaware Starwood Lexington Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Los Angeles Payroll Company, LLC Delaware Starwood Luxembourg Holding SARL Luxembourg Starwood Mexico II, LLC Delaware Starwood Mexico Servicios Compartidos SA de CV Mexico Starwood Mexico, LLC Delaware Starwood Nevada Holdings, LLC Delaware Starwood Newton Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Omaha Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Operator I LLC Delaware Starwood Operator II LLC Delaware Starwood Pacific Hotels Pty Limited Australia Starwood Park Ridge GP Holdings LLC Delaware Starwood Park Ridge LP Holdings LLC Delaware Starwood Philadelphia Airport Realty I LLC Delaware Starwood Philadelphia Airport Realty II LLC Delaware Starwood Rancho Mirage Fee Owner, LLC Delaware Starwood Reservations (Canada) Co. Canada Starwood Reservations LLC Delaware Starwood Resventure LLC Delaware Starwood San Francisco Aloft Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Seattle Sixth Avenue Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Services (UK) Ltd. United Kingdom Starwood Services Poland Sp. z.o.o. Poland Starwood Sierra Suites License Company, LLC Delaware Starwood Taiwan Co. Ltd. Taiwan (Province of China) Starwood Wakefield Realty LLC Delaware Starwood Weststate LLC Delaware Starwood-Charlotte Management LLC Delaware Stuttgart Sindelfingen Hotel Management GmbH Germany Suites Management LLC Delaware SW Business Services, LLC Arizona Tamarind Cove Hotel Co. Limited Barbados Tamcove SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia The Dining Room Corporation Georgia The House SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia The R.C. Management Company of Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 
 14 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company (Berlin) GmbH Germany The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company B.V. Netherlands The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company N.V. Curacao The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Canada Limited Canada The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Chile S.A. Chile The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Egypt S.A.E. Egypt The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Puerto Rico, Inc. Delaware The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Qatar Limited Qatar The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company of the Cayman Islands, Ltd. Cayman Islands The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. Delaware The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. (Egyptian Branch) Egypt The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. (Malaysian Branch) Malaysia The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, Ltd. Bermuda The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, Ltd. (Bahamas Branch) Bahamas The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Management GmbH Germany The Ritz-Carlton International Construction Services, Inc. Delaware The Ritz-Carlton International Licensing Company B.V. Netherlands The Ritz-Carlton International Licensing Company, LLC Delaware The Ritz-Carlton International Management Company B.V. Netherlands The Ritz-Carlton Limited Hong Kong The Ritz-Carlton Property Management Company (Kyoto) Ltd. Japan The Ritz-Carlton Property Management Company (Tokyo), Ltd. Japan The Ritz-Carlton Residences Management Company LLC Delaware The Ritz-Carlton Residential Management Company of Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore The Sheraton LLC Delaware The Westin Building Company Washington Tokyo Hospitality Service Company Japan Torriam Hotel Operating Company Limited Ireland Torriam International Lodging N.V. Curacao Toulouse Operating Company SAS France TownePlace Management, LLC Delaware Townhouse Management Realty LLC Delaware Transamerican Hoteles, S.A.S Dominican Republic Treasure SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia Treasure SL 1 Limited. (Barbados Branch) Barbados Tribute Portfolio IP, LLC Delaware Turtle Beach Resort Limited Barbados Turtle SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia Victory Beverages, Inc Texas W Atlanta Buckhead Beverage LLC Delaware W Atlanta Midtown Beverage, LLC Delaware W Hotel Limited Partnership Canada W Hotel Management, Inc. Delaware W Hotels Management, LLC Delaware W Hotels Music LLC Delaware W Hotels Real Estate, LLC Delaware 
 15 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation W Hotels TCI GP Ltd. Turks and Caicos Islands W Hotels Turks & Caicos LP Turks and Caicos Islands W International Hotel Management, Inc. Delaware W International Inc. Delaware W IPCO (Italy) LLC Delaware W Leicester Square Ltd. United Kingdom W Miami Beach Holdings LLC Delaware W Montreal Opco Inc. Canada W Operating Company LLC Delaware W PR Management LLC Delaware W San Diego Hotel, LLC Delaware W Scottsdale Beverage LLC Delaware W Turks & Caicos GP, LLC Delaware Washington Sheraton LLC Delaware Water Acquisition, LLC Delaware Waves Hotel Limited Barbados Waves SL 1 Limited Saint Lucia WEC 99C-1 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-10 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-11 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-12 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-13 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-14 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-2 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-3 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-4 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-5 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-6 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-7 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-8 LLC Delaware WEC 99C-9 LLC Delaware West Virginia Marriott Hotels, Inc. West Virginia Western Host, Inc. California Westin 200, Inc. Delaware Westin Arizona LLC Delaware Westin Aruba Hotel Advisors, LLC Delaware Westin Aruba Hotel Management LLC Delaware Westin Asia Management Co., LLC Delaware Westin Asset Management Co. Delaware Westin Beverage Services LLC Texas Westin Birmingham Operator, LLC Delaware Westin Chicago at North River Payroll Company Delaware Westin CP Beverage Company, Inc. Delaware Westin Crown Plaza Hotel Company Delaware Westin DIA Operator, LLC Delaware Westin Hotel Management, L.P. Delaware Westin Hotel Management, L.P. (Dominican Republic Branch) Dominican Republic Westin Hotels Ireland Ltd. Ireland 
 16 

Exhibit 21 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Westin Hotels Management, LLC Delaware Westin Hotels PRC, LLC Delaware Westin International (Malta) Limited Malta Westin International Europe B.V. Netherlands Westin IPCO (Italy) LLC Delaware Westin Kierland, LLC Delaware Westin License Holding, LLC Delaware Westin Montreal Airport Hotel Company Delaware Westin O'Hare Hotel Company Delaware Westin Ontario (London) Hotel Company Delaware Westin Operator, LLC Delaware Westin Ottawa Management Co., LLC Delaware Westin Portland L.L.C. Delaware Westin Realty Corp. Delaware Westin River North, Chicago Beverage Company Delaware Westin San Antonio Resort Company Delaware Westin Savannah Holdings, LLC Delaware Westin St. Lucia Management LLC Delaware Westin Two Hundred L.L.C. Delaware Westin Washington Operator L.L.C. Delaware Wetbar New York, LLC Delaware WHC Payroll Company Nevada Whiskey Blue Boston, LLC Delaware Whiskey Blue New Orleans, LLC Delaware WHLP Acquisition, LLC Delaware WHR Colorado Beverage Company Delaware WHR Ireland Holding Company Ltd. Ireland Windward Investments Limited Barbados Witty Restaurant Group, Inc. Delaware Worldwide Franchise Systems, Inc. Delaware Yokohama Hospitality Service Company Japan 
 17 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 mar-q42022xexx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-230005) pertaining to the Marriott International, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-266458) pertaining to the Marriott International, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-161194) pertaining to the Marriott International, Inc. Stock and Cash Incentive Plan, as amended 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-253260) of Marriott International, Inc. 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-262744, 333-253252, and 333-236688) pertaining to the Marriott Retirement Savings Plan and 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-249913) pertaining to the Marriott International, Inc. Puerto Rico Retirement Plan and San Juan Marriott Resort & Stellaris Casino Employee Retirement Plan. 
 
 of our reports dated February 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Marriott International, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Marriott International, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Marriott International, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 mar-q42022xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 I, Anthony G. Capuano, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Marriott International, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

February 14, 2023 s Anthony G. Capuano Anthony G. Capuano Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 mar-q42022xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 I, Kathleen K. Oberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Marriott International, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

February 14, 2023 s Kathleen K. Oberg Kathleen K. Oberg Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Business Operations (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 mar-q42022xexx32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a) and (b)) 
 I, Anthony G. Capuano, Chief Executive Officer of Marriott International, Inc. (the Company certify that 
 (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 14, 2023 s Anthony G. Capuano Anthony G. Capuano Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Kathleen K. Oberg, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Business Operations of Marriott International, Inc. (the Company certify that 
 (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 14, 2023 s Kathleen K. Oberg Kathleen K. Oberg Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Business Operations (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mar-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mar-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mar-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mar-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mar-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

