<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1720025_0001213900-23-023500.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2574566</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>174974</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>549457</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>500283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>644821</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>646521</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023500.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328120629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023500
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Allegro Merger Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001720025
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				822425125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38581
		FILM NUMBER:		23767534

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 THIRD AVENUE, 37TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-319-7676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 THIRD AVENUE, 37TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023500.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_allegromerger.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________to
______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) , 
 , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

None. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated file , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant s
common stock was not publicly traded. Accordingly, there was no market value for the registrant s common stock on such date. 

As
of March 28, 2023, , shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 iii 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 2 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 13 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 

PART II 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 14 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 19 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 20 

PART III 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 27 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 27 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 29 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 32 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 33 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 33 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in this annual report on Form 10-K (this annual
report ), references to: 

Allegro, 
 we, us, our, company, our company or similar phrases are to Allegro
Merger Corp.; 

Cantor 
are to Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of our initial public offering; 

Chardan 
are to Chardan Capital Markets LLC, one of the underwriters of our initial public offering; 

common
stock are to our shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Exchange
Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

initial
stockholders are the holders of the private shares; 

JOBS
Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management 
or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Merger
Agreement are to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 8, 2019, by and among the Company, Allegro Merger Sub,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegro Merger Sub ), TGIF Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company Holdings ), TGIF Midco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and currently a subsidiary of Holdings Midco 
and together with Holdings and their subsidiaries, TGI Fridays ), and Rohit Manocha, solely in his capacity as the initial
representative of the equity holders of Holdings and Midco. 

private
placement shares are to the shares of common stock underlying the private placement units; 

private
placement units are to the 372,500 units purchased by our initial stockholders, Cantor, and Chardan in the private placement that
occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering, each private placement unit consisting of one share of common
stock, one right, and one warrant; 

private
placement warrants are to the warrants underlying the private placement units; 

private
shares are to the 3,737,500 shares of our common stock sold by us to our initial stockholders prior to our initial public offering; 

public
shares are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, including shares purchased
as a result of the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering
or thereafter in the open market); 

public
stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including, without limitation, our initial stockholders, Cantor, Chardan
and members of our management team to the extent that they have purchased public shares, provided that such holder s status as
a public stockholder shall exist only with respect to such public shares; 

rights 
are to our rights, each right exchangeable for one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination; 

SEC 
are to the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

Trust
Account are to the trust account established in connection with the initial public offering in which certain proceeds related
thereto were deposited; 

units 
are to the 14,950,000 units sold in the initial public offering, including 1,950,000 units that were issued pursuant to the exercise
in full of the underwriters over-allotment option, each unit consisting of one share of common stock, one right, and one warrant;
and 

warrants 
are to our redeemable warrants, each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share
commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report, including, without limitation,
statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, 
 projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other
variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such
statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination
and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current
expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to our: 

ability
to complete an initial business combination; 

success
in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following an initial business combination; 

officers
and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
ability to obtain additional financing to complete an initial business combination; 

pool
of prospective target businesses; 

an
inability to have our securities listed on a national securities exchange following an initial business combination; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

lack
of a market for our securities; or 

our
financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future
developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
(some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors 
may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, those results
or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

We were incorporated in Delaware on August 7,
2017 for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a business combination ). To date, Allegro s
efforts have been limited to organizational activities, completion of its initial public offering and the evaluation of possible business
combinations. 

Initial Public Offering 

Prior our initial public offering, we issued to
Eric Rosenfeld, our Chief Executive Officer, an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock in exchange for a capital contribution of
 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. Mr. Rosenfeld then transferred all of the shares to two trusts for the benefit of his immediate
family members, and subsequently, a portion of such shares was transferred to the other initial stockholders in exchange for 0.01 per
share. In April 2018, the initial stockholders contributed to our capital an aggregate of 575,000 shares for no additional consideration,
leaving them with an aggregate of 3,737,500 shares of common stock. 

On July 6, 2018, we closed our initial public
offering of 14,950,000 units, including 1,950,000 units that were issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment
option, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock, one right, and one warrant. The initial public offering generated gross
proceeds of 149,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial
public offering, we consummated the private placement of 372,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit,
generating gross proceeds of 3,725,000. The private placement units were purchased by the initial stockholders, Cantor, and Chardan. 

Following the closing of the initial public offering
on July 6, 2018, an amount of 149,500,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and private placement
units was placed in the Trust Account. 

Dissolution of Trust Account; Delisting and
Deregistration of Securities 

Pursuant to the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, on March 31, 2020, the Company began the process of liquidating and distributing to its public stockholders
their pro rata portion of the funds contained in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the amounts on deposit, less amounts
that were able to be released to the Company to pay franchise and income taxes and up to 100,000 of interest that was able to be released
to the Company to pay dissolution expenses. On April 21, 2020, all of the public shares were redeemed at a per share redemption price
of 10.30. On August 23, 2021, we distributed the remaining restricted cash pro rata, to our former public stockholders in the amount
of 129,957. The restricted cash balance represented the unused portion of our dissolution allowance and allowance for taxes. 

An aggregate of approximately 781,700 of loans
made by the initial stockholders to the Company in connection with extensions of time to complete an initial business will not be repaid
and will be forgiven if we are unable to consummate a business combination and determine to liquidate and dissolve. 

The initial stockholders waived their redemption
rights with respect to the common stock issued prior to the Company s initial public offering and the common stock underlying the
Private Units. Accordingly, such initial stockholders did not participate in the redemption and an aggregate of 4,110,000 shares of common
stock remain outstanding. Additionally, the Company s rights and warrants remain outstanding. 

On April 20, 2020, Nasdaq filed a Form 25 to delist
and deregister the units, common stock, rights and warrants. Such securities were delisted from Nasdaq as of April 30, 2020 and deregistered
under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act as of July 9, 2020. 

1 

Current Operations 

The Company s
current business plan is to seek, investigate, and, if warranted, acquire one or more businesses, and to pursue other related activities
intended to enhance shareholder value. The acquisition of a business opportunity may be made by purchase, merger, exchange of stock, or
otherwise, and may encompass assets or a business entity, such as a corporation, joint venture, or partnership. The Company has limited
capital, and it is unlikely that the Company will be able to take advantage of more than one such business opportunity. The Company intends
to seek opportunities demonstrating the potential of long-term growth as opposed to short-term earnings. 

We currently have no agreements or understandings
with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine.
The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities.
We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering, any sales of equity securities or debt securities, bank and other borrowings or a combination
of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While
we may, under certain circumstances, seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business, unless additional financing
is obtained, we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations. 

The Company is unable to predict when it may participate
in a business opportunity. Prior to making a decision to participate in a business opportunity, the Company will generally request that
it be provided with written materials regarding the business opportunity containing such items as a description of products, services
and company history; management resumes; financial information; available projections, with related assumptions upon which they are based;
an explanation of proprietary products and services; evidence of existing patents, trademarks, or services marks, or rights thereto; present
and proposed forms of compensation to management; a description of transactions between such company and its affiliates during relevant
periods; a description of present and required facilities; an analysis of risks and competitive conditions; a financial plan of operation
and estimated capital requirements; audited financial statements, or if they are not available, unaudited financial statements, together
with reasonable assurances that audited financial statements would be able to be produced within a reasonable period of time following
completion of a merger transaction; and other information deemed relevant. 

As part of the Company s investigation,
the Company s officers may meet personally with management and key personnel, may visit and inspect material facilities, obtain
independent analysis or verification of certain information provided, check references of management and key personnel, and take other
reasonable investigative measures, to the extent of the Company s limited financial resources. 

Competition 

The Company expects to encounter substantial competition
in its efforts to locate attractive opportunities, primarily from business development companies, venture capital partnerships and corporations,
venture capital affiliates of large industrial and financial companies, small investment companies, and wealthy individuals. Many of these
entities will have significantly greater experience, resources and managerial capabilities than the Company and will therefore be in a
better position than the Company to obtain access to attractive business opportunities. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no employees. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the material risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related
to our business and our securities, together with the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, before making a
decision to invest in our securities. This annual report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific
factors, including the risks described below. 

Risks Related to Consummating a Business Combination 

The report of our independent registered
public accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash
balance of 106, and a working capital deficit of 926,495. 

In addition, in connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,
management has determined that the Company s lack of liquidity raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities to account for such uncertainty. 

2 

We are an emerging growth company with no
operating history and no revenue and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are an emerging growth company with no operating
history and no revenue. We will not commence operations until we consummate our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating
history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of acquiring one or more operating businesses
or entities. If we fail to complete a business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

You will be unable to ascertain the merits
or risks of any particular target business operations. 

We may pursue acquisition opportunities in any
business sector or geographic region we wish, except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be
permitted to effectuate a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. If we consummate
our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of the entity with which we
combine. Because we will seek to acquire businesses that potentially need financial, operational, strategic or managerial redirection,
we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially or operationally unstable entity. Although our
officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete a business combination. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources, or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. 

Subsequent to consummation of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this examination will uncover all material risks that may be presented
by a particular target business, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies the principal risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize
in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. As a result, from time to time following our initial business combination,
we may be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result
in our reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that
we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this
nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held
by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 

3 

We may issue additional common or preferred
stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after consummation of our initial business combination,
which would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after consummation
of our initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of existing investors; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;
and 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability
to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our financial condition and the value
of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments to issue any notes
or other debt securities, otherwise to incur debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt in order to complete our initial business combination.
The incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues or cash flows after an initial business combination are insufficient to meet
our debt service obligations; 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness, even if we make all principal and interest payments when due, if we breach covenants that
require the maintenance of financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand and the lender demands payment; 

our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if any debt we incur contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional
financing while the debt is outstanding; 

prohibitions
of, or limitations on, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

use
of a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our common stock if declared, as well as for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
and 

limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of
growth strategies and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

4 

We do not have a policy with respect to how much
debt we may incur. To the extent that the amount of our debt increases, the impact of the effects listed above may also increase. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate another target business and
consummate our initial business combination. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will
require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete
a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred,
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business due to a reduction in
the funds available for expenses relating to such efforts. 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors;
the loss of any one or more of them could adversely affect our ability to complete a business combination. 

Our operations depend upon the background, experience
and contacts of our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors,
at least until we have consummated a business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life
of, any of our directors or officers. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their
full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and the search for
a business combination and their other business commitments. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation
of our business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in other business endeavors and is not obligated
to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. If our executive officers and directors other business
commitments require them to devote substantial amounts of time in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability
to devote time to our affairs which make it more difficult for us to identify an acquisition target and consummate our business combination. 

Our officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have
conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Our executive officers and directors
may in the future become affiliated with other entities that are engaged in the business of acquiring other businesses or entities. In
each case, our executive officers and directors existing directorships or other responsibilities may give rise to contractual or
fiduciary obligations that take priority over any obligation owed to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, will not apply to us or any of our officers or directors
or in circumstances that would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to other entities they may have. Accordingly,
business opportunities that may be attractive to the entities described above will not be presented to us unless such entities have declined
to accept such opportunities. As a result, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a
particular business opportunity should be presented. We cannot assure you that these conflicts will be resolved in our favor or that a
potential target business would not be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our executive officers, directors,
or existing stockholders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our initial stockholders, or our officers and directors. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members
of other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm, a firm that regularly prepares valuation reports on the type of company that we are seeking
to acquire or an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of a business combination
with one or more businesses affiliated with our executive officers, directors or our initial stockholders, potential conflicts of interest
still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to us as they would be absent any conflicts
of interest. 

5 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

Since the fourth quarter of 2020, the number of
special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition
companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking
targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
attractive targets may be available, and it may require additional time, effort and more resources for us to identify a suitable target
and to consummate a business combination. 

In addition, because there are more companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become
scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional
capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay
or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate a business combination, and we may not be able to consummate a
business combination at all. 

Changes in the market for directors 
and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
combination. 

In recent years, the market for directors 
and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies
have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends
will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate a business
combination. To obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the
post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete a
business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged
to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination
entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate a business combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected,
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely
affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business
combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating
to COVID-19 limit our ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, or if vendors and services
providers are unavailable. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

6 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility,
decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Risks Related to the Liquidation of the Trust Account 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover the proceeds from our Trust Account
which were distributed to our public stockholders, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions from our Trust Account received by stockholders could
be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, by making
distributions to public stockholders before making provision for creditors, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims for punitive damages. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares may be considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it
makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

We did not comply with Section 280 of the DGCL
when we redeemed our public shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. Therefore, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt
a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may
be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather
than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely
claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers or investment bankers) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution
complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser
of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder
would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that
may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares is not considered
a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174
of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead
of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. 

7 

Risks Related to Owning our Securities 

Our securities were delisted from the Nasdaq
Capital Market, deregistered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and are not traded on an established trading marked or exchange.
Investors will have a limited ability to make transactions in our securities. 

Trading of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital
Market was suspended as of April 20, 2020. On April 20, 2020, Nasdaq filed a Form 25 to delist and deregister the units, common stock,
rights and warrants. Such securities were delisted from Nasdaq as of April 30, 2020, and deregistered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act as of July 9, 2020. Our securities are not currently traded on an established trading market or exchange. There can be no assurance
that our securities will be admitted to list or trade on any market or exchange or that, if listed or traded, that we will maintain the
requirements for continued listing or trading. A market for our securities may never develop. As a result, holders of our securities may
be unable to sell their securities and may lose all of their investment. 

Our common stock is classified as a penny
stock under SEC rules, which means that any broker-dealers who wish to make a market in our stock will be subject to additional
compliance requirements. 

Our common stock is deemed to be a penny
stock as defined in the Exchange Act. Penny stocks are stocks (i) with a price of less than five dollars per share;
(ii) that are not traded on a recognized national exchange; (iii) whose prices are not quoted on an automated quotation system sponsored
by a recognized national securities association; or (iv) whose issuer has net tangible assets less than 2,000,000 (if the issuer has
been in continuous operation for at least three years); or 5,000,000 (if continuous operations for less than three years); or with average
revenues of less than 6,000,000 for the last three years. The Exchange Act requires broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks
to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written
receipt of the document before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Potential investors
in our common stock are urged to obtain and read such disclosure carefully before purchasing any shares that are deemed to be penny
stock. Further, the Exchange Act requires broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor
for transactions in such stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor. These procedures require the broker-dealer
to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his, her or its financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives;
(ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor, and that the investor
has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide
the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv)
receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial
situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements may affect the ability or willingness
of broker-dealers to sell our securities, and accordingly would affect the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the public
market. These additional procedures could also limit our ability to raise additional capital in the future. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after we consummate a business combination. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
until after we consummate a business combination, and thus may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires that
an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless directors
are elected by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our
consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of
Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional, and local governments, including in particular, reporting and other requirements under the Exchange Act. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could result in fines, injunctive relief or similar remedies which could be costly to us or limit our ability to complete an initial business
combination or operate the post-combination company successfully. 

8 

If we are unable to complete an initial
business combination and determine to liquidate and dissolve, our warrants and rights will expire worthless. 

Our outstanding warrants and rights may not be
exercised until after the completion of our initial business combination. Accordingly, our warrants and rights will expire worthless if
we are unable to consummate a business combination and our board resolves to liquidate and dissolve. 

We may amend the terms of the rights in
a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights. 

Our rights were issued in registered form under
a Right Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent, and us. The Right Agreement provides that the
terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The Right
Agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the rights in a manner adverse to a holder if holders
of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the rights with the
consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding rights is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things,
decrease the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of a right. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The Warrant Agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision but
requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least
65 of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent
of at least 65 of the then outstanding warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things,
increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable
upon exercise of a warrant. 

A registration statement covering the shares
underlying our warrants may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able
to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement governing
our warrants, we have agreed to use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and
maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and to use our best efforts to take
such action as is necessary to register or qualify for sale, in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us, the shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to the extent an exemption is not available. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so.
If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement. However, in no event will we
be required to issue cash, securities, or other compensation in exchange for the warrants if we are unable to register or qualify the
shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise
of the warrants is not so registered or qualified, the warrant holder will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may
have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the
full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,
we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of common stock for sale under
all applicable state securities laws. 

9 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
(excluding any private placement warrants held by our initial stockholders or their permitted transferees) at any time after they become
exercisable and prior to their expiration, at 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price (or the closing bid price
of our common stock in the event the shares of our common stock are not traded on any specific trading day) of the common stock equals
or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to the date
we send proper notice of such redemption, provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter
until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you: (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise
price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price
when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

Our ability to require holders of our warrants
to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they
would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

If we call our warrants for redemption, we will
have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrants (including any warrants held by our initial stockholders or
their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on
a cashless basis, the number of shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised
his warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our
company. 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial stockholders and purchasers of private placement units may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination,
and the future exercise of such rights may reduce the market price of our common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with the consummation of our initial public offering, our initial stockholders, purchasers of private placement units and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the private shares, private placement units, private placement shares, private placement rights
and private placement warrants, and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the private placement rights and exercise of
the private placement warrants. These registration rights will be exercisable at any time commencing upon the date that such shares are
released from transfer restrictions. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such
a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may reduce the market price of our common stock. In addition, the
existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude because the stockholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders are registered. 

General Risks 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 

As a public company, we will be subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (which we refer to as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), the Dodd-Frank
Act Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (which we refer to as the Dodd-Frank Act), the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other
applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance
costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after
we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight
may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect
our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply with these
requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. 

10 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance
costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in
many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided
by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated
by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and
standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time
and attention from operational activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards
differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory
authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected. 

However, for as long as we remain an emerging
growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirement of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no
longer an emerging growth company. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. 

As an emerging growth company, 
we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive
to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in
our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have
elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies
until those standards apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
all public company accounting standards. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely
on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for
our common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and
increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain
a system of internal controls and that we evaluate and report on such system of internal controls over financial reporting. In addition,
once we are no longer an emerging growth company, we must have our system of internal controls over financial reporting
audited. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome
on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete a business combination may not be
in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls over financial reporting. The
development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs
necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

11 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series
of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve
payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder s counsel. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees
or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum
provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may
incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

Risk related to our public and private warrants 

SEC guidance required us to reconsider the
accounting of warrants and led us to conclude that our warrants be accounted for as liabilities rather than as equity and such requirement
resulted in a restatement of our previously issued financial statements. 

On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC issued
a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition
Companies SPACs (the Statement ). In the Statement, the SEC staff expressed it view that certain terms and
conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed
to equity. Since issuance, our warrants were accounted for as equity within our balance sheet, and after discussion and evaluation, including
with our independent auditors, we have concluded that our warrants should be presented as liabilities with subsequent and periodic fair
value re-measurement. Therefore, we conducted a valuation of our warrants and restated our previously issued financial statements, which
resulted in unanticipated costs and diversion of management resources and may result in potential loss of investor confidence. Although
we have now completed the restatement, we cannot guarantee that we will have no further inquiries from the SEC regarding our restated
financial statements or matters relating thereto. 

Any future inquiries
from the SEC as a result of the restatement of our historical financial statements will, regardless of the outcome, likely consume a significant
amount of our resources in addition to those resources already consumed in connection with the restatement itself. 

Certain of our warrants are accounted for
as warrant liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each reporting period to be reported in
earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

Following the restatement of our historical financial
statements, we account for our public and private warrants as warrant liabilities and recorded at fair value upon issuance with any changes
in fair value each reporting period to be reported in earnings as determined by the Company based the available publicly traded warrant
price or based on a valuation report obtained from its independent third party valuation firm. 

12 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We maintain our principal executive offices at
777 Third Avenue, 37th floor, New York, NY 10017. This space is provided to us by Crescendo Advisors II, LLC Crescendo ),
an entity controlled by Mr. Rosenfeld, free of charge. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

13 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Prior to their delisting and deregistration, our
units, common stock, rights, and warrants were listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbols ALGRU, 
 ALGR, ALGRR and ALGRW, respectively. The last trading date of the Company s securities
on the Nasdaq Capital Market was Monday, April 20, 2020. There is no public trading market for the Company s securities at this
time. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 18 holders
of record of our common stock, 16 holders of record of our warrants, and 16 holders of record of our rights. 

Dividends 

We did not pay any cash dividends and we do not
intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer and
Affiliates 

No purchases of our equity securities have been
made by us or affiliated purchasers within the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

14 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our Financial Statements and footnotes thereto contained in this annual report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed on August
7, 2017 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts in identifying a prospective target business are
not limited to a particular industry or geographic region of the world. 

Initial Public Offering 

Prior to our initial public offering, we issued
to Eric Rosenfeld, our Chief Executive Officer, an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock in exchange for a capital contribution
of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. Mr. Rosenfeld then transferred all of the shares to two trusts for the benefit of his immediate
family members, and subsequently, a portion of such shares was transferred to the other initial stockholders in exchange for 0.01 per
share. In April 2018, the initial stockholders contributed to capital an aggregate of 575,000 shares for no additional consideration,
leaving them with an aggregate of 3,737,500 shares of common stock. 

On July 6, 2018, we closed our initial public
offering of 14,950,000 units, including 1,950,000 units that were issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters over-allotment
option, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock, one right, and one warrant. The initial public offering generated gross
proceeds of 149,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial
public offering, we consummated the private placement of 372,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit,
generating gross proceeds of 3,725,000. The private placement units were purchased by the initial stockholders, Cantor, and Chardan. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on July 6, 2018, an amount of 149,500,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the Private Units was placed in the Trust Account and was invested in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes,
having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act. 

Dissolution of Trust Account; Delisting and
Deregistration of Securities 

Pursuant to the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, on March 31, 2020, the Company began the process of liquidating and distributing to its public stockholders
their pro rata portion of the funds contained in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the amounts on deposit, less amounts
that may be released to the Company to pay franchise and income taxes and up to 100,000 of interest which may be released to the Company
to pay dissolution expenses. On April 21, 2020, all of the public shares were redeemed at a per share redemption price of 10.30. On August
23, 2021, we distributed the remaining restricted cash pro rata, to our former public stockholders in the amount of 129,957. The restricted
cash balance represented the unused portion of our dissolution allowance and allowance for taxes. 

15 

The initial stockholders waived their redemption
rights with respect to the common stock issued prior to the Company s initial public offering and the common stock underlying the
Private Units. Accordingly, such initial stockholders did not participate in the redemption and an aggregate of 4,110,000 shares of common
stock remain outstanding. Additionally, the Company s rights and warrants remain outstanding. 

On April 20, 2020, Nasdaq filed a Form 25 to delist
and deregister the units, common stock, rights, and warrants. Such securities were delisted from Nasdaq as of April 30, 2020, and deregistered
under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act as of July 9, 2020. 

2022 Promissory Notes 

The Company issued five unsecured promissory notes
totaling 40,350 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in January, April, May, August, and November 2022.
The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger
or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policy 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
The Company has identified the following critical accounting policy: 

The company has determined there are no critical accounting policies
or estimates in the periods covered in this report. 

Critical Accounting Estimate 

An accounting estimate where (a) the nature of
the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility
of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Practices 

A company s accounting policies and practices
that are both most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition and results, and require management s most
difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently
uncertain. 

Results of Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
loss of 48,925, which consisted of operating costs of 48,925. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net
loss of 55,447, which consisted of operating costs of 95,328, offset by other income of 39,804 and a change in the value of the warrants
of 77. 

16 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We presently have no revenue; our net loss of
 48,925 for the year ended December 31, 2022, consists only of other operating costs. Through December 31, 2022, our liquidity needs were
satisfied through loans made to the Company in the amount of 40,350. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 926,495. Further, we have
incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Our plans to raise capital
or to consummate an initial business combination may not be successful. These matters, among others, raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the foregoing, we currently do not have sufficient cash and working capital to meet our
needs through a business combination unless our initial stockholders provide us additional funds for our working capital needs, or we
obtain other financing. 

The accompanying financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Related Party Transactions 

Private Shares 

In connection with Allegro s organization
in August 2017, Allegro issued to Eric Rosenfeld, the Chief Executive Officer, an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock in exchange
for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Prior to the initial public offering, Mr. Rosenfeld then transferred
all of the shares to two trusts for the benefit of his immediate family members, and subsequently, the trusts transferred a portion of
such private shares to the other initial stockholders in exchange for 0.01 per share. In April 2018, the initial stockholders contributed
to Allegro s capital an aggregate of 575,000 shares for no additional consideration, leaving them with an aggregate of 3,737,500
private shares. 

The private shares are identical to the shares
of common stock included in the units sold in the initial public offering. However, the initial stockholders have agreed (A) not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their private until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of Allegro s initial business
combination or (ii) the date on which Allegro completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
business combination that results in all stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property, or (iii) if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after Allegro s initial business combination, and (B) each holder of private shares has agreed to waive his, her
or its redemption rights with respect to the private shares, (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in
connection with a stockholder vote to amend Allegro s charter to modify the substance or timing of Allegro s obligation to
redeem 100 of the public shares if Allegro does not complete an initial business combination by the required deadline, (iii) if Allegro
fails to consummate an initial business combination by the required deadline, and (iv) upon Allegro s liquidation. Additionally,
the initial stockholders have agreed to vote their private shares in favor of the initial business combination. 

Promissory Notes 

The Company issued five unsecured promissory notes
totaling 40,350 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in January, April, May, August, and November 2022.
The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger
or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company issued seven unsecured promissory
notes totaling 89,000 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in February, April, June, July, August, and
November 2021. The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates
a merger or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

17 

Notes Payable Related Parties 

Certain individuals and entities (the Contributors that participated in the private placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the Company s initial public offering contributed
to the Company an aggregate amount of 781,700, representing contributions covering a prorated amount of 0.02 per unconverted public
share for the partial month of January 2020 and 0.025 per unconverted public share for each of February 2020 and March 2020 (each, a
 Contribution ). The Contributions will not bear any interest and will be repayable by the Company to the Contributors upon
consummation of an initial business combination. The Contributions will be forgiven if the Company is unable to consummate an initial
business combination except to the extent of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account. 

The Company deposited 223,342, the first contribution
on January 6, 2020, into the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. The Company deposited
the second Contribution of 279,178 on January 31, 2020, and deposited the third Contribution of 279,180 on March 2, 2020, in each case,
to the same trust account; provided that any such additional Contribution was only to be made if the previously announced merger agreement
with TGI Fridays is still then in effect, or, if such agreement is earlier terminated, the Board of Directors of the Company by majority
vote determines to require such additional Contribution. 

On March 31, 2020, the Company and Holdings mutually
determined, due to extraordinary market conditions and the failure to meet necessary closing conditions, to terminate the Merger Agreement. 

An aggregate of approximately 781,700 principal
amount of loans associated with the extension remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The loans made by the Contributors will not
be repaid and will be forgiven if we are unable to consummate a business combination and determine to liquidate and dissolve. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneous with the consummation of the initial
public offering, Allegro consummated the private placement of 372,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement
unit, generating total proceeds of 3,725,000. The private placement units were purchased by the initial stockholders, Cantor and Chardan. 

Allegro s initial stockholders, Cantor and
Chardan have the right to require Allegro to register the private placement units for resale, as described below under Registration
Rights . Allegro will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

The private placement rights are identical to
the rights that were sold as part of the units in Allegro s initial public offering. The private placement warrants are non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. The private placement warrants may also be exercised
by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees, for cash or on a cashless basis. Other than as stated above, the private placement
warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in Allegro s initial public
offering. The private placement units are not transferrable until 30 days after the consummation of Allegro s initial business combination;
provided, however, that the transfer restrictions will lapse earlier if following the completion of Allegro s initial business combination
Allegro completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of Allegro s stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

18 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the private shares, private placement
units (including securities contained therein) and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans that may be made
by Allegro s initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates will have the right to require Allegro to register under
the Securities Act a sale of any securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, except that Cantor, Chardan, and/or their designees may only make
a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five-year period beginning on July 2, 2018, the effective date of Allegro s
registration statement in connection with Allegro s initial public offering. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back 
registration rights allowing them to include their securities in other registration statements filed by Allegro. Cantor, Chardan, and/or
their designees may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven year period beginning on July 2, 2018.
Allegro will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Off-balance sheet financing arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

We entered into an agreement to pay an affiliate
of our Chief Executive Officer an aggregate monthly fee of 12,500 for office space and office and administrative support provided to
the Company. The Company and the affiliate have agreed to suspend payment on this agreement on March 31, 2020. This space is still provided
to us by Crescendo Advisors II, LLC Crescendo ), an entity controlled by Mr. Rosenfeld, free of charge. 

We have engaged our underwriters as advisors in
connection an initial business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential business combination
and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities, assist
us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection
with the business combination. The Underwriting Agreement provided that a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross offering
proceeds of the initial public offering, excluding the over-allotment option, and 5.5 of the gross proceeds of the over-allotment option,
or 5,622,500 in the aggregate Deferred Underwriting Discount would only be payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completed its initial Business Combination. As previously indicated, the
Company was unable to consummate its initial business combination in the time period required by the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and, accordingly, distributed the proceeds held in the Trust Account to public stockholders. As a result,
the Deferred Underwriting Discount is no longer owed. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-18 comprising
a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer have concluded that the company did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties nor have a proper multi-level review process
due to the small size of the accounting staff, 

19 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The design
of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. All internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting were not
effective based on those criteria. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer performed additional analyses on internal controls including analyzing changes that may include such activities
as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. The Company s management has expended,
and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control
over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements
and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure
that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

Independent Registered Accountant s Internal
Control Attestation 

The JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company
such as us to take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies.
Among these provisions is an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in
the assessment of the emerging growth company s internal control over financial reporting. We have elected to rely on this exemption
and are not providing such an attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

20 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Eric S. Rosenfeld 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 David D. Sgro 
 
 46 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Adam H. Jaffe 
 
 32 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John P. Schauerman 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Adam J. Semler 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Michael Deluce 
 
 44 
 
 Director 

Eric S. Rosenfeld , age 65, has served
as chief executive officer of Allegro since Allegro s inception in August 2017 and served as chairman of the board from Allegro s
inception until April 2018. 

Mr. Rosenfeld also served
as the chief SPAC officer of Legato Merger Corp. II. Legato II since its inception until it completed its business combination
with Southland Holdings in February 2023. He served as the chief SPAC officer of Legato Merger Corp. Legato I from its
inception in June 2020 until it completed its business combination with Algoma in October 2021 and has served as a member of the
board of directors of Algoma since such time. From May 2014 until its merger with NextDecade in July 2017, Mr. Rosenfeld served
as the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Harmony and served as a member of the board of NextDecade from that time until
June 2020. Mr. Rosenfeld served as Quartet s chairman of the board and chief executive officer from its inception in April 2013
until its merger with Pangea in October 2014, and has served as a director of Pangaea since such time. Mr. Rosenfeld was chairman of the
board and chief executive officer of Trio from its inception in June 2011 until its merger with SAE in June 2013 and served
as a director of SAE from that time through July 2016. From April 2006 until its business combination with Primoris in July 2008,
Mr. Rosenfeld served as the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and president of Rhapsody and served as a director of Primoris
from the completion of its business combination until May 2014. From its inception in April 2004 until its business combination
with Hill International in June 2006, he was the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and president of Arpeggio and served
as a director of Hill International from the time of the business combination until June 2010. Mr. Rosenfeld has been the president
and chief executive officer of Crescendo Partners, L.P. since its formation in November 1998. He has also been the senior managing
member of Crescendo Advisors II LLC, since its formation in August 2000. From November 2018 until February 2023, Mr. Rosenfeld
served as chairman emeritus of CPI Aerostructures, Inc. a NYSE American-listed company engaged in the contract production of structural
aircraft parts for fixed wing aircraft and helicopters in both the commercial and defense markets. He became a director of CPI in April 2003
and served as chairman from January 2005 until November 2018. Mr. Rosenfeld has also served on the board of Primo Water Corp.(formerly
Cott Corporation), a NYSE-listed beverage company, since June 2008 and is currently the Lead Independent Director. Mr. Rosenfeld
has served as a board member of Aecon Group Inc., a Toronto Stock Exchange listed provider of construction and infrastructure development
services, since June 2017. Mr. Rosenfeld served as a board member of Canaccord Genuity Group Inc, a Toronto Stock Exchange listed
investment bank, from August 2020 until March 2021. 

21 

Prior to forming Crescendo
Partners, Mr. Rosenfeld had been managing director at CIBC Oppenheimer and its predecessor company Oppenheimer Co., Inc. since
1985. He was also chairman of the board of Spar Aerospace Limited, a company that provides repair and overhaul services for aircraft and
helicopters used by governments and commercial airlines, from May 1999 through November 2001, until its sale to L-3 Communications.
He served as a director of Hip Interactive, a Toronto Stock Exchange-listed company that distributed and developed electronic entertainment
products, from November 2004 until July 2005. Mr. Rosenfeld also served as a director of AD OPT Technologies Inc., which was
a Toronto Stock Exchange-listed company from April 2003 to November 2004, when it was acquired by Kronos Inc. Mr. Rosenfeld
also served as a director and head of the special committee of Pivotal Corporation, a Canadian-based customer relations management software
company that was sold to Chinadotcom in February 2004. He was a director of Sierra Systems Group, Inc., a Toronto Stock Exchange-listed
information technology, management consulting and systems integration firm based in Canada from October 2003 until its sale in January 2007.
From October 2005 through March 2006, Mr. Rosenfeld was a director of Geac Computer Corporation Limited, a Toronto Stock Exchange
and NASDAQ-listed software company, which was acquired by Golden Gate Capital. He was also a director of Emergis Inc., a Toronto Stock
Exchange-listed company that enables the electronic processing of transactions in the finance and healthcare industries, from July 2004
until its sale to Telus Corporation in January 2008. Mr. Rosenfeld also served on the board of Matrikon Inc. a Toronto Stock Exchange-listed
provider of solutions for industrial intelligence, from July 2007 until its sale to Honeywell International, Inc. in June 2010.
He was also a member of the board of Dalsa Corporation, a Toronto Stock Exchange-listed company that designs and manufactures digital
imaging products, from February 2008 until its sale to Teledyne in February 2011. From October 2005 until its final liquidation
in December 2012, he was the chairman of the board of Computer Horizons Corp., quoted on the OTCBB, that, before the sale of the
last of its operating businesses in February 2007 (at which time it was NASDAQ-listed), provided information technology professional
services with a concentration in sourcing and managed services. From December 2012 until December 2019, Mr. Rosenfeld served
as a board member of Absolute Software Corporation, a Toronto Stock Exchange listed provider of security and management for computers
and ultra-portable devices. 

Mr. Rosenfeld is a regular guest lecturer at Columbia
Business School and Tulane Law School and has served on numerous panels at Queen s University Business Law School Symposia, McGill
Law School, the World Presidents Organization and the Value Investing Congress. He is a senior faculty member at the Director s
College. He has also been a guest host on CNBC. 

Allegro believes Mr. Rosenfeld is well-qualified
to serve as a member of the board of Allegro after consummation of the Transactions due to his extensive public company experience and
investment expertise. 

David D. Sgro, CFA ,
age 46, has served as a chairman of Allegro s board of directors since April 2018, Chief Operating Officer since Allegro s
inception in August 2017, as well as Chief Financial Officer from November 2017 to April 2018. Mr. Sgro has also served as a member of
the board of directors of Legato II since its inception, and as non-executive vice chairman of the board since November 2021 until it
completed its business combination with Southland Holdings in February 2023, and as its Chief Executive Officer from its inception to
November 2021. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Legato I from its inception in June
2020 until it completed its business combination with Algoma in October 2021 and Mr. Sgro has served as a member of the board of directors
of Algoma since such time. Mr. Sgro served as Harmony Merger Corp. s Chief Operating Officer and Secretary since its inception in
May 2014 until its merger with NextDecade in July 2017 and as a director from May 2014 to August 2016 and then again from its merger with
NextDecade until June 2018. Mr. Sgro served as Quartet Merger Corp. s Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and a member of its board
of directors from April 2013 until its merger with Pangaea in October 2014 and has served as a director of Pangaea since such time. Mr.
Sgro served as Trio Merger Corp. s Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and a member of its board of directors from its inception
in June 2011, until its merger with SAE in June 2013 and served as a director of SAE from that time through July 2016. From April 2006
to July 2008, Mr. Sgro served as the Chief Financial Officer of Rhapsody Acquisition Corp. and from July 2008 to May 2011, Mr. Sgro served
as a director of Primoris. Mr. Sgro held numerous positions with Crescendo Partners from December 2005 through December 2021. Mr. Sgro
has served as the director of research for Jamarant Capital, L.P., a private investment partnership, since January 2016. Mr. Sgro also
served as Chairman of the Board of Hill International Inc., construction project management firm, until its sale to GISI in December 2020.
Mr. Sgro served on the boards of BSM Technologies, Inc., a TSX listed GPS enabled fleet management service provider from July 2016 until
its sale to Geotab in June 2019; Bridgewater Systems, Inc., a TSX listed telecommunications software company, from June 2008 until its
sale to Amdocs in August 2011; Imvescor Restaurant Group, a TSX listed restaurant franchisor, from March 2016 until its sale to MYR Group
in February 2018; and COM DEV International Ltd., a global designer and manufacturer of space hardware from April 2013 to February 2016.
From June 1998 to May 2003, he worked as an analyst and then senior analyst at Management Planning, Inc., a firm engaged in the valuation
of privately held companies. Simultaneously, Mr. Sgro worked as an associate with MPI Securities, Management Planning, Inc. s boutique
investment banking affiliate. 

22 

Mr. Sgro earned a BS
in Finance from The College of New Jersey in 1998 and an MBA from Columbia Business School in 2005. Mr. Sgro is a regular guest lecturer
at Columbia Business School and is an adjunct professor at The College of New Jersey. 

Adam H. Jaffe , age 32, has served
as Allegro s Chief Financial Officer since April 2018. Mr. Jaffe served as chief financial officer and secretary of Legato II since
its inception until it completed its business combination with Southland Holdings in February 2023. Mr. Jaffe joined Crescendo Partners,
LP in February 2018 as the fund s controller and Chief Compliance Officer, and currently serves as Chief Financial Officer.
Mr. Jaffe has also served as the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer for Jamarant Capital, L.P., an investment firm founded
in 2015, since 2018. He served as the chief financial officer and secretary of Legato I from its formation in June 2020 until its
merger with Algoma in October 2021. Mr. Jaffe also served on the board of The Green Organic Dutchman, a CSE-listed Canadian Cannabis company
from June 2021 until November 2022. Prior to joining Crescendo Partners LP, Mr. Jaffe was the Senior Fund Accountant for the real estate
private equity fund, GTIS Partners LP, from September 2016 to February 2018. While at GTIS Partners, Mr. Jaffe focused on the development
of residential homes, land development, and single-family homes for rental properties across the United State and Brazil. From September
2014 to September 2016, Mr. Jaffe worked at EisnerAmper LLP. Mr. Jaffe is a New York State Certified Public Accountant (CPA). 

John P. Schauerman , age 66, has served
as a member of Allegro s board of directors since April 2018. Mr. Schauerman served as a member of Harmony Merger Corp. s
board of directors from July 2014 until its merger with NextDecade LLC. Mr. Schauerman served as a director of Quartet Merger Corp. from
its inception in April 2013 until its merger with Pangea Logistics Solutions Ltd. in October 2014. Mr Schauerman has served on the Board
of Primoris Services Corporation (NASDAQ: PRIM) since November 2016. Mr. Schauerman has served on the Board of Ascent Industries (NASDAQ:
ACNT) since June 2020. He previously served as executive vice president, corporate development of Primoris from February 2009 to
May 2013, and served as a Director of Primoris from July 2008 to May 2013. He served as the chief financial officer of Primoris from February
2008 to February 2009. He also served as a director of Primoris and its predecessor entity from 1993 to July 2008. He joined Primoris 
wholly-owned subsidiary, ARB, Inc., in 1993, as senior vice president. Prior to joining ARB, Inc., he was senior vice president of Wedbush
Morgan Securities. Mr. Schauerman served on the Boards of Directors of MYR Group (Nasdaq: MYRG), a leading electrical infrastructure firm,
from March 2016 through November 2016, and has served on the Board of Wedbush Securities from August 2014 through February 2018. Mr. Schauerman
received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from UCLA and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. 

We believe Mr. Schauerman is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board due to his public company experience, operational experience and contacts and his prior experience with
Quartet Merger Corp. and Harmony merger Corp. 

Adam J. Semler , age 58, has served
as a director of Allegro since April 2018. Mr. Semler has served as a director of Legato II since November 2021. Mr. Semler has served
as a director of Legato I from January 2021 until it completed its merger with Algoma in October 2021. Mr. Semler served as a member of
Harmony Merger Corp. s board of directors from July 2014 until its merger with NextDecade LLC. Mr. Semler joined York Capital Management,
LLC, an investment management fund, in 1995 and held several positions with the firm, most recently holding the position of chief operating
officer and member of its managing partner until he retired in December 2011. While at York Capital Management, he was responsible for
all financial operations of the firm. During this time, he also served as chief financial officer and secretary of York Enhanced Strategies
Fund, LLC, a closed ended mutual fund. Previously, he was at Granite Capital International Group, an investment management firm, where
Mr. Semler was responsible for the accounting and operations function for its equity products. He also previously worked as a senior accountant
at Goldstein, Golub, Kessler Co., where Mr. Semler specialized in the financial services industry, as well as a senior accountant
at Berenson, Berenson, Adler. Mr. Semler has also served on the Board of Hebrew Public, a not for profit charter school network, since
May 2015. Mr. Semler is a C.P.A. and received a B.B.A. from Emory University. 

23 

We believe Mr. Semler is well-qualified to serve
as a member of our board due to his financial and accounting expertise as well as his experience with Harmony. 

Robert Michael Deluce, age 44, has served as a member of
Allegro s board of directors since April 2018. Mr. Deluce has a long history in aviation, both professionally and personally. In
2002, Mr. Deluce co-founded Porter Airlines, Inc., a regional airline headquartered at Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport on the Toronto
Islands in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and was instrumental in the strategic development of its business plan. Mr. Deluce remains central
to the business and presently serves as its President CEO. He holds an MBA from University of Western Ontario s Ivey
School of Business. 

We believe Mr. Deluce is well-qualified to serve
as a member of our board due to his operational experience and contacts. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes
with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. 

The term of office of the first class of directors,
consisting of John Schauerman, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors,
consisting of Robert Michael Deluce and Adam Semler, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the
third class of directors, consisting of David D. Sgro, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our executive officers are elected by the board
of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is
authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our executive officers
may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer,
Controller and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

We follow the rules of Nasdaq in determining if
a director is independent. Nasdaq rules require that a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq must be composed
of independent directors. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or
employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. We have determined that Messrs. Semler, Schauerman and Deluce are independent directors under the Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have three standing committees: an audit committee,
a nominating committee, and a compensation committee. Each such committee is composed of solely independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

Allegro s audit committee of the board of
directors currently consists of Adam Semler, John Schauerman and Robert Michael Deluce, each of whom is an independent director under
the Nasdaq s listing standards. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include,
but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the annual audited financial statements, and recommend to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

24 

discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, Allegro s audit committee held four meetings, respectively in each year. John Schauerman and Adam Semler of the audit
committee attended all four meetings of the audit committee in 2022, while Michael Deluce attended three of the four meetings of the audit
committee in 2022. Each of Allegro s audit committee members attended all of the meetings of the audit committee in fiscal years
2021. 

Financial Expert on Audit Committee 

The audit committee will at all times be composed
exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under Nasdaq listing standards.
Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements,
including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, the board of directors has determined
that Adam J. Semler qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

Allegro s nominating committee of the board
of directors currently consists of John P. Schauerman and Adam J. Semler, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s
listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on Allegro s
board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers
and others. 

25 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are
specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that the persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education, or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

The Nominating Committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, Allegro s nominating committee did not hold any meetings. 

Compensation Committee 

Allegro s compensation committee of the
board of directors currently consists of Robert Michael Deluce, whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards.
The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

26 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated below,
other than the 12,500 per month administrative fee previously paid to Crescendo, which payments the Company and Crescendo agreed to suspend
on March 31, 2020, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing
stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination,
the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into
in connection with such initial business combination. 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, Allegro s compensation committee did not hold any meetings. 

Code of Ethics 

On July 2, 2018, our board of directors adopted
a code of ethics that applies to our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical
principles that governs aspects of our business. We will provide, without charge, upon request, copies of our code of ethics. Requests
for copies of our code of ethics should be sent in writing to Allegro Merger Corp., 777 Third Avenue, 37th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

None of our executive officers or directors has
received any compensation (cash or non-cash) for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting
fees, will be paid to our initial stockholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services
rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination other than (i) repayment of loans made to
us prior to our initial public offering by our officers and directors to cover offering-relating and organization expenses and (ii) and
payment to Crescendo, an entity controlled by Mr. Rosenfeld, of a fee of 12,500 per month from our inception through March 2020 for providing
us with office space and certain office and administrative services. The Company and Crescendo agreed to suspend payment on this agreement
on March 31, 2020. Individuals will also be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
approve all such reimbursements. 

After the consummation of our initial business
combination, directors or members of our management team who remain in one of those capacities may be paid director, consulting, management,
or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the
tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business
to determine executive and director compensation. 

Any compensation to be paid to our officers will
be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee consisting solely of independent
directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain
with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence
our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business although we do not believe that the ability of our management
to remain with us after the consummation of an initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with
any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits
upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

27 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
The percentage of beneficial ownership on the record date is calculated based on 4,110,000 outstanding shares of common stock as of December
31, 2022 but does not reflect beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of rights or warrants as such
securities are not exercisable or convertible within 60 days. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount 
and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Directors and Officers Prior to the Transactions: 

Eric S. Rosenfeld 
 48,630 

David D. Sgro (2) 
 2,859,263 
 69.57 
 
 Adam Jaffe 
 10,045 

John P. Schauerman 
 30,000 

Adam J. Semler (3) 
 30,000 

Robert Michael Deluce 
 45,000 

All directors and officers prior to the business combination as a group (6 persons) 
 3,022,938 
 73.55 
 
 Five Percent Holders: 

Eric Rosenfeld 2017 Trust No. 1 
 1,553,687 
 37.8 
 
 Eric Rosenfeld 2017 Trust No. 2 
 684,563 
 16.6 
 
 Gregory Monahan 
 332,062 
 8.08 
 
 Leonard Schlemm 
 300,000 
 7.30 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Allegro Merger Corp., 777 Third Avenue, 37th Floor, New York,
New York 10017. 

(2) Represents
621,013 shares of common stock which are held individually by Mr. Sgro, 1,553,687 shares of common stock held by the Eric Rosenfeld 2017
Trust No. 1, and 684,563 shares of common stock held by Eric Rosenfeld 2017 Trust No. 2, both trusts established for Mr. Rosenfeld s
children. Mr. Sgro is the trustee of these trusts and has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares. 

(3) Represents
shares held by Triple J Holdings II, LLC, an entity managed by Mr. Semler. Mr. Semler has voting and dispositive control over such shares. 

The private shares and private placement units,
and securities contained therein, are each subject to transfer restrictions set forth in letter agreements among us, the initial stockholders,
and purchasers of private placement units. These transfer restrictions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (A)
in the case of the private shares, until the earlier of (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (2) subsequent
to our business combination, the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (B) in the case of the private placement units, including the component
securities therein, until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination; provided, however, that the transfer restrictions
will lapse earlier if following the completion of our initial business combination we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or
other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash,
securities or other property. During the lockup period, the only permitted transfers are (i) amongst our officers, directors and employees
or those of Cantor and Chardan, (ii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and
distribution upon death in the case of individuals or pursuant to applicable law or organizational documents upon dissolution in the case
of entities, (iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection
with purchases of our securities, (vi) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater
than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (vii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation
of our initial business combination, in each case (except for clause (vii) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the
terms of the transfer restrictions and the letter agreement being signed by the transferor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the letter
agreements provide that, in connection with an initial business combination, the initial stockholders may transfer, assign or sell their
private shares with our consent, including for a profit, to any person or entity that agrees in writing to be bound by the transfer restrictions
set forth in the prior sentence, and any such transferee shall be a permitted transferee under the letter agreements. 

28 

Equity Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation
plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities were authorized for issuance. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Private Shares 

In connection with Allegro s organization
in August 2017, Allegro issued to Eric Rosenfeld, the Chief Executive Officer, an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of common stock in exchange
for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from
registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Mr. Rosenfeld then transferred all of the shares to two trusts for the
benefit of his immediate family members, and subsequently, a portion of such shares was transferred to the other initial stockholders
in exchange for 0.01 per share. In April 2018, the initial stockholders contributed to capital an aggregate of 575,000 shares for no
additional consideration, leaving them with an aggregate of 3,737,500 shares of common stock. 

The private shares are identical to the shares
of common stock included in the units sold in the initial public offering. However, the initial stockholders have agreed (A) not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their private until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of Allegro s initial business
combination or (ii) the date on which Allegro completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
business combination that results in all stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property, or (iii) if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after Allegro s initial business combination, and (B) each holder of private shares has agreed to waive his, her
or its redemption rights with respect to the private shares, (i) in connection with the consummation of a business combination, (ii) in
connection with a stockholder vote to amend Allegro s charter to modify the substance or timing of Allegro s obligation to
redeem 100 of the public shares if Allegro does not complete an initial business combination by the required deadline, (iii) if Allegro
fails to consummate an initial business combination by the required deadline, and (iv) upon Allegro s liquidation. Additionally,
the initial stockholders have agreed to vote their private shares in favor of the initial business combination. 

Promissory Notes 

The Company issued five unsecured promissory notes
totaling 40,350 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in January, April, May, August, and November 2022.
The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger
or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

29 

The Company issued seven unsecured promissory
notes totaling 89,000 to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in February, April, June, July, August, and
November 2021. The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates
a merger or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Notes Payable- Relates Parties 

The Contributors, who are individuals and entities
that participated in the private placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the Company s initial public offering, contributed
to the Company an aggregate amount of 781,700, representing contributions covering a prorated amount of 0.02 per unconverted public
share for the partial month of January 2020 and 0.025 per unconverted public share for each of February 2020 and March 2020. The Contributions
will not bear any interest and will be repayable by the Company to the Contributors upon consummation of an initial business combination.
The Contributions will be forgiven if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any
funds held outside of the Company s trust account. 

The Company deposited 223,342, the first contribution
on January 6, 2020, into the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. The Company deposited
the second Contribution of 279,178 on January 31, 2020, and deposited the third Contribution of 279,180 on March 2, 2020, in each case,
to the same trust account; provided that any such additional Contribution was only to be made if the previously announced merger agreement
with TGI Fridays is still then in effect, or, if such agreement is earlier terminated, the Board of Directors of the Company by majority
vote determines to require such additional Contribution. 

On March 31, 2020, the Company and Holdings mutually
determined, due to extraordinary market conditions and the failure to meet necessary closing conditions, to terminate the Merger Agreement. 

An aggregate of approximately 781,700 principal
amount of loans associated with the extension were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The loans made by the Contributors will not be
repaid and will be forgiven if we are unable to consummate a business combination and determine to liquidate and dissolve. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 372,500 Private Units to our initial stockholders at a price
of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,725,000. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Allegro s initial stockholders, Cantor,
and Chardan have the right to require Allegro to register the private placement units for resale, as described below under Registration
Rights . Allegro will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

The private placement rights are identical to
the rights that were sold as part of the units in Allegro s initial public offering. The private placement warrants are non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees. The private placement warrants may also be exercised
by the initial stockholders or their permitted transferees, for cash or on a cashless basis. Other than as stated above, the private placement
warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in Allegro s initial public
offering. The private placement units are not transferrable until 30 days after the consummation of Allegro s initial business combination;
provided, however, that the transfer restrictions will lapse earlier if following the completion of Allegro s initial business combination
Allegro completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of Allegro s stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

30 

Working Capital Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial business combination and working capital expenses, Allegro s initial stockholders, officers, directors
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan to Allegro funds as may be required. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, Allegro may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds
from the trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be
paid upon consummation of Allegro s initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to
 1,000,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of Allegro s business combination into additional private placement units
at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Shares,
Private Warrants, Private Rights, and any shares, warrants and rights that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and
any shares issued upon the exercise of such warrants or conversion of such rights) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to
a registration rights agreement executed prior to the Initial Public Offering. The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities, except that Cantor, Chardan, and/or
their designees may only make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five year period beginning on July 2, 2018,
the effective date of Allegro s registration statement in connection with Allegro s initial public offering. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
consummation of an initial Business Combination. Cantor, Chardan, and/or their designees may participate in a piggy-back 
registration only during the seven-year period beginning on July 2, 2018. Allegro will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such
registration statements. The Company will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics, which we adopted upon consummation
of our initial public offering, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or
potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions
are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year,
(2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director,
(b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses
(a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than
10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that
may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member
of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

Our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter,
is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future
transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no
less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee
and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the
transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any
such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the
terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from
unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers 
questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

31 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee, or officer. 

To further minimize potential conflicts of interest,
we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial stockholders unless
we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions on
the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, or an independent accounting firm, and that is reasonably acceptable to Cantor,
that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any
of our existing officers, directors, special advisors or initial stockholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any
finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation
of a business combination. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the firm of MaloneBailey, LLP acted as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees
paid to MaloneBailey, LLP and WithumSmith+Brown, PC and for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, audit fees paid to MaloneBailey, LLP were 30,000 and 67,500, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, we did not pay MaloneBailey, LLP any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, fees for tax services paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC were 3,500, and 3,500 respectively. 

All Other
Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, we did not pay MaloneBailey, LLP or WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees. 

Audit Committee Approval 

All of the services discussed above were pre-approved
by our audit committee. 

32 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following Exhibits
are filed as part of this annual report. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on May 29, 2018). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate
 of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June
 21, 2018). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by
 reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on May 29, 2018). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement between
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 3, 2018). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement between
 Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 3, 2018). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Securities
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement
 among the Registrant, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and the Company s officers, directors and stockholders (incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement
 among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 with the SEC on July 3, 2018). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement
 among the Registrant and the Initial Stockholders (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement
 among the Registrant, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., and Chardan Capital Markets (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Administrative
 Services Agreement between Crescendo Advisors II, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement
 between the Registrant and each of the Registrant s officers and directors (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-225270) filed on June 21, 2018). 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 24, 2022). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 32 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

33 

ALLEGRO MERGER CORP. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED December 31,
2022 and 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB Firm ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Allegro Merger Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Allegro Merger Corp and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB")
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

www.malonebailey.com 

We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2020. 

March 28, 2023 

F- 2 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 -

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable- related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Other Income: 

Other income 
 -

Change in fair value of warrants 
 -

Income (loss) before income tax provision 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 30, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stockholder redemptions 
 -
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flow from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrants 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from notes payable- related party 

Proceeds from redemption of stockholder units 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

units Units and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares ), including Units issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters 
overallotment option, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consisted of one share of the
Company s common stock, par value, one redeemable common stock purchase warrant (the Warrants and one right
(the Rights ). 

units Private Units ), at a price of 
per Private Unit in a private placement to certain of the Initial Stockholders (defined below), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Chardan
Capital Markets LLC (collectively, the Insiders ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account and was invested
in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes, having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 

Units, at per Unit. 

F- 7 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of interest which may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses. On
April 21, 2020, all of the public shares were redeemed at a per share redemption price of . On August 23, 2021, we distributed the
remaining restricted cash pro rata, to our former public stockholders in the amount of . The restricted cash balance represented
the unused portion of our dissolution allowance and allowance for taxes. 

of loans made by the initial stockholders to the Company in connection with extensions of time to complete an initial business
will not be repaid and will be forgiven if we are unable to consummate a business combination and determine to liquidate and dissolve. 

shares of common stock remain outstanding. Additionally, the Company s rights and warrants remain outstanding. 

and a working capital deficit of 

F- 8 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Public Shares in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, since their inclusion would
be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings per share for
the period. 

and ), by the weighted average
number of Shares outstanding during the period. 

. The restricted cash balance represented
the unused portion of our dissolution allowance and allowance for taxes. The restricted cash balance was for the year ended 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

F- 9 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 10 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Units, including Units issued pursuant to the exercise in full of
the underwriters over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. 

Private Units, at per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase price
of . The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
The proceeds from the sale of the Private Units were used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. 

F- 11 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in January, April, May, August, and
November 2022. The notes are non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates
a merger or acquisition or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The total notes
payable to Eric S. Rosenfeld totals , as of December 31, 2022. The notes are non-interest bearing, payable on demand and outstanding. 

to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in February, April,
June, July, August, and November 2021. The company issued two unsecured promissory notes totaling in 2020. The notes are
non-interest bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger or acquisition
or (iii) the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The total notes payable to Eric S. Rosenfeld
totals , as of December 31, 2021. The notes are non-interest bearing, payable on demand and outstanding. 

The Contributions will not bear any interest and will be repayable by the Company
to the Contributors upon consummation of an initial business combination. The Contributions will be forgiven if the Company is unable
to consummate an initial business combination except to the extent of any funds held outside of the Company s trust account. 

remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

period beginning
on July 2, 2018, the effective date of Allegro s registration statement in connection with Allegro s initial public offering.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our consummation of an initial Business Combination. Cantor, Chardan, and/or their designees may participate in a piggy-back 
registration only during the period beginning on July 2, 2018. The Company will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such
registration statements. 

F- 12 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, excluding the over-allotment option, or 
in the aggregate, to the underwriters at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, with an additional fee (the Deferred Underwriting
Discount of of the gross offering proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, excluding the over-allotment option, and 
of the gross proceeds of the over-allotment option, or in the aggregate. The Underwriting Agreement provided that the Deferred
Underwriting Discount would only be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company
would complete its initial Business Combination. As previously indicated, the Company was unable to consummate its initial Business
Combination in the time period prescribed by the Charter and, accordingly, the Company distributed the proceeds held in the Trust Account
to public stockholders. As a result, the Deferred Underwriting Discount is no longer owed. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may
be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no shares
of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

per Public Share (the Redemption Amount ). The cash
used for common stock redemptions was and the change in the value of common stock due to redemptions was ). 

F- 13 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 14 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Risk Free Rate 

Estimated Term Remaining 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

Allegro Merger Corp. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

.
 The Company has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately . Such amounts are subject
to IRS code section 382 limitation. The tax years from 2019 to 2021 are still subject to audit. 

to Eric S. Rosenfeld, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, in January 2023. The note is non-interest
bearing, and payable on the earlier of (i) demand by Payee, (ii) the date on which Maker consummates a merger or acquisition or (iii)
the date on which Maker elects to dissolve and is outstanding. 

F- 16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 28 th day of March, 2023. 

ALLEGRO MERGER CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Chief Executive Officer 

In accordance with the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Eric S. Rosenfeld 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Adam H. Jaffe 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Adam H. Jaffe 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ David D. Sgro 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 David D. Sgro 

/s/ John P. Schauerman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 John P. Schauerman 

/s/ Adam J. Semler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Adam J. Semler 

/s/ Robert Michael Deluce 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Robert Michael Deluce 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_allegromerger.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

FORM OF CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Eric S. Rosenfeld, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Allegro Merger Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Name: 
 Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_allegromerger.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

FORM OF CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Adam Jaffe, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Allegro Merger Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Adam H. Jaffe 

Name: 
 Adam H. Jaffe 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 f10k2022ex32_allegromerger.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Allegro Merger Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Name: 
 Eric S. Rosenfeld 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Adam H. Jaffe 

Name: 
 Adam H. Jaffe 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 algr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 algr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 algr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 algr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 algr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

