<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1876068_0001876068-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>494681</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55697</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>92262</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>197895</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>88663</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>50153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001876068-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320152107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001876068-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001876068
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-261612-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23746231

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		313-235-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ENERGY PLAZA
		CITY:			DETROIT
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001876068-23-000010.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 dte-20221231.htm
 10-K

dte-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 Central Index Key Number of Issuing Entity: 

Commission File Number of Depositor and Sponsor: 
 Central Index Key Number of Depositor and Sponsor: 
 DTE Electric Company 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification No.) , , 
 - 
 (Registrants address of principal executive offices) (Registrants telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflects the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrants' executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 
 
 No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the member's equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022: 
 
 (Auditor Name) (Firm ID) (Auditor Location) 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None. 

Part I 
 
 The following Items have been omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K: 
 Item 1. Business 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Part II 
 
 The following Items have been omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K: 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. D isclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The following are the managers and executive officers of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC as of December 31, 2022: 
 Name Age Present Position Held Since David S. Ruud 56 President and Manager of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC 3/2022 to Present Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of DTE Energy Company and DTE Electric Company 5/2020 to Present (1) 
 Christopher J. Allen 43 President and Treasurer of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC 3/2022 to Present Vice President and Treasurer of DTE Energy Company and DTE Electric Company 6//2021 to Present (1) 
 Timothy J. Lepczyk 40 President and Secretary of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC 3/2022 to Present Assistant Treasurer of DTE Energy Company and DTE Electric Company 8/2021 to Present (1) 
 Lisa M. Pierro 42 Independent Manager of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC 3/2022 to Present Senior Customer Staffing Specialist and Independent Director/Manager of Wolters Kluwer 3/2013 to Present 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) These executive officers have held various other positions at DTE Energy for five or more years. 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Electric Company, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Energy Company. 
 Code of Ethics 
 As a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of DTE Energy Company, DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC, together with its managers and executive officers, is subject to DTE Energy Company s Officer Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and its general standard of conduct, the DTE Energy Way. These policies, together with any waivers or amendments to these policies, can be found on the DTE Energy Company website, www.dteenergy.com/ethics . There were no waivers or amendments during 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Other than the annual independent manager fee of 2,300 paid to CT Corporation Staffing, Inc., DTE Electric Securitization Funding I, LLC does not pay any compensation to its managers or executive officers. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Manager Lisa M. Pierro is an independent manager and an employee of CT Corporation Staffing, Inc. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) and (a)(2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules are omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K as listed under Item 8 of this report. 
 (a)(3) and (b) Refer to exhibit listing below. (c) None. 
 Exhibit Number Description (i) Exhibits filed herewith: 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(d)/15(d)-14(d) 33.1 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Issuers for DTE Electric Company, Servicer 33.2 
 Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Issuers for The Bank of New York Mellon, Indenture Trustee 34.1 
 Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on behalf of DTE Electric Company, Servicer 34.2 
 Attestation Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities of KPMG LLP on behalf of The Bank of New York Mellon, Indenture Trustee 35.1 
 Servicer Compliance Statement (ii) Exhibits furnished herewith: None. (iii) Exhibits incorporated by reference: 3.1 Certificate of Formation of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC (Exhibit 3.1 to Form SF-1 filed December 13, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2022, of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC (Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed March 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.3 Amendment to Certificate of Formation of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC (Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.4 Amendment No. 1 dated March 16, 2022 to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2022, of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC (Exhibit 3.4 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.1 Indenture between DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon as the Indenture Trustee (including forms of the Senior Secured Securitization Bonds), dated as of March 17, 2022 (Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 Series Supplement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon as the Indenture Trustee, dated as of March 17, 2022 (Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.1 Securitization Property Servicing Agreement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC and DTE Electric Company, as Servicer, dated as of March 17, 2022 (Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.2 Securitization Property Purchase and Sale Agreement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC and DTE Electric Company, as Seller, dated as of March 17, 2022 (Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.3 Administration Agreement between DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC and DTE Electric Company, as Administrator, dated as of March 17, 2022 (Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed March 17, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

Item 1112(b). Significant Obligors of Pool Assets 
 None. 

Item 1114(b)(2). Credit Enhancement and Other Support, Except for Certain Derivative Instruments 
 None. 

Item 1115(b). Certain Derivative Instruments 
 None. 

Item 1117. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, The Bank of New York Mellon ("BNY") is named as a defendant in legal actions. In connection with its role as trustee of certain residential mortgage-backed securitization RMBS transactions, BNY has been named as a defendant in a number of legal actions brought by RMBS investors. These lawsuits allege that the trustee had expansive duties under the governing agreements, including the duty to investigate and pursue breach of representation and warranty claims against other parties to the RMBS transactions. While it is inherently difficult to predict the eventual outcomes of pending actions, BNY denies liability and intends to defend the litigations vigorously. 

Item 1119. Affiliations and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DTE Electric Company, which is the depositor, sponsor, and servicer. 

Item 1122. Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 Servicing Criteria 1122(d)(3)(ii) requires that amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. During the compliance period, the Servicer remitted certain estimated amounts that were in aggregate approximately 71,000 understated. The underpayments were self-identified and remediated upon discovery. Estimated remittances were reconciled to actual remittances in accordance with the Servicing Agreement such that the proper amounts were remitted to the custodial bank accounts by the end of the assertion period, and there were no delays in the payment of principal, interest, or other qualified costs relating to the Securitization Bonds. The Servicer has adopted procedures to address this issue in the future. 
 See Exhibits 33.1, 33.2, 34.1, and 34.2 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 1123. Servicer Compliance Statement 
 See Exhibit 35.1 of this Form 10-K. 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 DTE ELECTRIC SECURITIZATION FUNDING I LLC (Issuing Entity) By: DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY, as Servicer /S/ TRACY J. MYRICK Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date: March 20, 2023 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT. 
 No such annual report, proxy statement, form of proxy or other soliciting material has been sent to registrant s security holders. The registrant will not be sending an annual report or proxy material to its security holders subsequent to the filing of this form. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a20221231ex311-form10xkcer.htm
 FORM 10-K CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 FORM 10-K CERTIFICATION 
 I, Tracy J. Myrick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-D required to be filed in respect of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K of DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC (the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, all of the distribution, servicing, and other information required to be provided under Form 10-D for the period covered by this report is included in the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by DTE Electric Company, as servicer, and based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted in preparing the servicer compliance statement required in this report under Item 1123 of Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic reports, the servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Securitization Property Servicing Agreement, dated March 17, 2022, by and between DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC and DTE Electric Company, in all material respects and 
 5. All of the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and their related attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required to be included in this report in accordance with Item 1122 of Regulation AB and Exchange Act Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included as an exhibit to this report, except as otherwise disclosed in this report. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed in this report on Form 10 K. 
 In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information provided to me by the following unaffiliated party The Bank of New York Mellon, as Indenture Trustee. 
 
 S TRACY J. MYRICK Date March 20, 2023 Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer and senior officer in charge of the servicing function of DTE Electric Company 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-33.1>
 3
 a20221231ex331-attestation.htm
 ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE (SERVICER)

Document 

Exhibit 33.1 
 REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA 
 FOR ASSET-BACKED ISSUERS 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting Chief Accounting Officer of DTE Electric Company, as servicer (the Servicer under the Securitization Property Servicing Agreement dated as of March 17, 2022 (the Servicing Agreement by and between the Servicer and DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC (the Issuing Entity ), and further certifies that 
 1. The undersigned is responsible for assessing the Servicer's compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria ). The transactions covered by this report include all publicly issued (i.e., registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) securities secured by an intangible property right to charge, collect, and receive amounts necessary to provide for the full recovery of the specified costs determined to be recoverable (and assures that the charges are non-bypassable and will be paid by customers within the utility s historic service territory who receive utility goods or services through the utility s transmission and distribution system, even if those customers elect to purchase these goods or services from a third party), issued on or after January 1, 2006 for which the Company provides applicable services (the Platform ), as listed in Appendix A hereto. 
 2. With respect to each of the Servicing Criteria, the undersigned has made the following assessment of the Servicing Criteria in accordance with Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB, with such discussion regarding the performance of such Servicing Criteria during the period March 17, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 Regulation AB Reference Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria General Servicing Considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for pool assets are maintained. X 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. X Cash Collection and Administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days of receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of overcollateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. X 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X 1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X Investor Remittances and Reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the SEC, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable SEC requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) are filed with the SEC as required by its rules and regulations and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. X 

1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. X (1) 
 1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X Pool Asset Administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(v) The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. X 1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such Other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. X 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) During the course of the compliance period, DTE Electric Company determined that this criteria is applicable. 
 3. To the best of the undersigned's knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set forth above as of December 31, 2022 and for the period March 17, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the period covered by the Issuing Entity's annual report on Form 10-K, except for the criteria identified below 
 a. For criteria 1122(d)(3)(ii), certain amounts due to investors were not remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority, and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 4. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on the Servicer's assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of December 31, 2022 and for the period March 17, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the period covered by the Issuing Entity's annual report on Form 10-K. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings as set forth in the Servicing Agreement. 

DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY (as Servicer) By S TRACY J. MYRICK Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date March 20, 2023 

APPENDIX A 
 Asset-Backed Securities Transactions in the Platform 
 DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC, Series 2022A, issued March 17, 2022 

</EX-33.1>

<EX-33.2>
 4
 a20221231ex332-attestation.htm
 ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE (TRUSTEE)

Document 

Exhibit 33.2 
 ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH 
 APPLICABLE SERVICING CRITERIA 
 Management of The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware (formerly BNYM (Delaware)) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), (collectively, the Company is responsible for assessing the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s management has determined that the servicing criteria are applicable in regard to the servicing platform as of and for the period as follows 
 Platform Publicly-issued (i.e., transaction-level reporting initially required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) asset-backed securities issued on or after January 1, 2006 that are subject to Regulation AB (including transactions subject to Regulation AB by contractual obligation) for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, paying agent or custodial services, as defined and to the extent applicable in the transaction agreements, other than residential mortgage-backed securities and other mortgage-related asset-backed securities (the Platform ). 
 Period The twelve months ended December 31, 2022 (the Period ). 
 Applicable Servicing Criteria All servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d), to the extent required by the related transaction agreements as to any transaction, except as set forth in the column titled Not Applicable to Platform in Appendix 1 attached hereto. 
 With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(2)(vi), the Company s management has engaged a vendor to perform the activities required by the servicing criterion. The Company s management has determined that this vendor is not considered a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company s management has elected to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the servicing criterion applicable to this vendor as permitted by the SEC s Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 200.06, Vendors Engaged by Servicers C&DI 200.06 ). The Company s management has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in all material respects with the servicing criterion applicable to the vendor. The Company s management is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC requirements to apply C&DI 200.06 for the vendor and related servicing criterion. 
 With respect to the Platform as of and for the Period, the Company provides the following assessment of compliance in respect of the Applicable Servicing Criteria 
 1. The Company's management is responsible for assessing the Company's compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. 
 2. The Company s management has assessed compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria, including the servicing criterion for which compliance is determined based on C&DI 200.06 as described above as of and for the Period. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB. 
 3. With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(4)(i), for certain transactions in the Platform the Trustor (as such term is defined in the related transaction agreements) may direct the Trustee (as such term is defined in the related transaction agreements) to file, or cause to be filed, all filings identified by the Trustor to be necessary to maintain the effectiveness of any original filings identified by the Trustor to be necessary under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any jurisdiction to perfect the Trustee s security interest in or lien on the Underlying Securities (as such term is defined in the related transaction agreements). As of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company was not instructed by any Trustors to perform such activities. Absent the receipt of instruction from a Trustor to perform such activities, the Company s responsibility for criterion 1122(d)(4)(i) for the Platform is solely with regard to the manner of holding trust assets and investment of trust assets in eligible investments and the Company does not have any duties as to the original UCC filing and any continuations to perfect the security interest unless instructed to do so by other parties in the transaction agreement. 
 4. Based on such assessment, as of and for the Period, the Company has complied, in all material respects, with the Applicable Servicing Criteria. 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report with respect to management's assessment of the Company's compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria as of and for the Period. 

The Bank of New York Mellon BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware s James Slater s James Ambagis James Slater Authorized Signatory James Ambagis Authorized Signatory The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. s Antonio I. Portuondo Antonio I. Portuondo Authorized Signatory 
 Date February 28, 2023 

APPENDIX I 
 Applicable to Platform REG AB REFERENCE SERVICING CRITERIA Performed Directly by the Company Performed by Vendor(s) for which the Company is the Responsible Party Not Applicable to Platform General servicing considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for the pool assets are maintained. X 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. X Cash collection and administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days of receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 240 13k-1(b)(1) of this chapter. X 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X 1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset-backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations (A) Are mathematically accurate (B) Are prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) Are reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) Contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X Investor remittances and reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the Commission, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable Commission requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) Are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) Provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) Are filed with the Commission as required by its rules and regulations and (D) Agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. X 1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 

1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X Pool asset administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool asset and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. X (1) 
 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the applicable servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(v) The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. X 1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) Such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) Interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) Such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool asset, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. X 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of this Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) With respect to applicable servicing criterion 1122(d)(4)(iii) the Company has determined that there were no activities performed during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 with respect to the Platform, because there were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities. 

</EX-33.2>

<EX-34.1>
 5
 a20221231ex341-pwcopinion.htm
 ATTESTATION REPORT (ON BEHALF OF SERVICER)

Document 

Exhibit 34.1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Management of DTE Electric Company 
 We have examined DTE Electric Company s (the Company compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for all publicly issued (i.e., registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) securities secured by an intangible property right to charge, collect, and receive amounts necessary to provide for the full recovery of the specified costs determined to be recoverable (and assures that the charges are non-bypassable and will be paid by customers within the utility s historic service territory who receive utility goods or services through the utility s transmission and distribution system, even if those customers elect to purchase these goods or services from a third party), issued on or after January 1, 2006 for which the Company provides applicable services (the Platform described in the accompanying Report On Assessment Of Compliance With Servicing Criteria For Asset-Backed Issuers, as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 17, 2022 to December 31, 2022, excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(ii), 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(1)(iv), 1122(d)(2)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(v), 1122(d)(4)(ix), 1122(d)(4)(x), 1122(d)(4)(xi), 1122(d)(4)(xii), 1122(d)(4)(xiii) and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the servicing activities performed by it with respect to the Platform. Appendix A to management s assertion identifies the individual asset-backed transactions and securities defined by management as constituting the Platform. DTE Electric Company s management is responsible for the Company's compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's compliance with the applicable servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Company complied, in all material respects, with the applicable servicing criteria, and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of selected servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the applicable servicing criteria. Our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to detect noncompliance arising from errors that may have occurred prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report. We believe that our examination provides, and that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide, a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. 
 Our examination disclosed the following material noncompliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d)(3)(ii) of Regulation AB applicable to the Company during the period ended December 31, 2022. Certain amounts due to investors were not remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority, and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. 
 In our opinion, except for the material noncompliance described in the preceding paragraph, DTE Electric Company complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the period ended December 31, 2022 for the Platform, in all material respects. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 March 20, 2023 

</EX-34.1>

<EX-34.2>
 6
 a20221231ex342-kpmgopinion.htm
 ATTESTATION REPORT (ON BEHALF OF TRUSTEE)

Document 

Exhibit 34.2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware 
 The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying Management s Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria that The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York), BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware (formerly BNYM (Delaware)) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), (collectively, the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria) for the publicly-issued (i.e., transaction-level reporting initially required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) asset-backed securities issued on or after January 1, 2006 that are subject to Regulation AB (including transactions subject to Regulation AB by contractual obligation) for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, paying agent, or custodial services, as defined and to the extent applicable in the transaction agreements, other than residential mortgage-backed securities and other mortgage-related asset-backed securities (the Platform ), except for servicing criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii), 1122(d)(1)(iv), 1122(d)(1)(v), 1122(d)(2)(iii), 1122(d)(4)(iv), 1122(d)(4)(v), 1122(d)(4)(vi), 1122(d)(4)(vii), 1122(d)(4)(viii), 1122(d)(4)(ix), 1122(d)(4)(x), 1122(d)(4)(xi), 1122(d)(4)(xii), 1122(d)(4)(xiii), 1122(d)(4)(xiv) and 1122(d)(4)(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the Platform (the Servicing Criteria), as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. With respect to Servicing Criterion 1122(d)(4)(i), the Company has determined that for certain transactions in the Platform the Trustor (as such term is defined in the related transaction agreements) may direct the Trustee (as such term is defined in the related transaction agreements) to file, or cause to be filed, all filings identified by the Trustor to be necessary to maintain the effectiveness of any original filings identified by the Trustor to be necessary under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any jurisdiction to perfect the Trustee s security interest in or lien on the Underlying Securities (as such term is defined in the related transaction agreements). Management's Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria indicates that as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company was not instructed by any Trustors to perform such activities. Absent the receipt of instruction from a Trustor to perform such activities, the Company s responsibility for Servicing Criterion 1122(d)(4)(i) for the Platform is solely with regard to the manner of holding trust assets and investment of trust assets in eligible investments and the Company does not have any duties as to the original UCC filing and any continuations to perfect the security interest unless instructed to do so by other parties in the transaction agreement. With respect to servicing criterion 1122(d)(4)(iii), the Company has determined that there were no activities performed during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 with respect to the Platform, because there were no occurrences of events that would require the Company to perform such activities. Appendix A to Management s Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria identifies the individual asset-backed transactions and securities defined by management as constituting the Platform. Management is responsible for the Company s compliance with the Servicing Criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s assertion about the Company s compliance with the Servicing Criteria based on our examination. 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants to obtain reasonable assurance and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the Servicing Criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing selected asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing selected servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the Servicing Criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. We believe that our examination provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the Servicing Criteria. 
 We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical requirements relating to the examination engagement. 

As described in the accompanying Management s Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, for Servicing Criterion 1122(d)(2)(vi), the Company has engaged a vendor to perform the activities required by this Servicing Criterion. The Company has determined that this vendor is not considered a servicer as defined in Item 1101(j) of Regulation AB, and the Company has elected to take responsibility for assessing compliance with the Servicing Criterion applicable to this vendor as permitted by the SEC s Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation (C&DI) 200.06, Vendors Engaged by Servicers (C&DI 200.06). As permitted by C&DI 200.06, the Company has asserted that it has policies and procedures in place designed to provide reasonable assurance that the vendor s activities comply in all material respects with the Servicing Criterion applicable to the vendor. The Company is solely responsible for determining that it meets the SEC requirements to apply C&DI 200.06 for the vendor and related Servicing Criterion as described in its assertion, and we performed no procedures with respect to the Company s eligibility to apply C&DI 200.06. 
 In our opinion, management s assertion that the Company complied with the aforementioned Servicing Criteria, including servicing criterion 1122(d)(2)(vi) for which compliance is determined based on C&DI 200.06 as described above, as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 is fairly stated, in all material respects. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-34.2>

<EX-35.1>
 7
 a20221231ex351-servicercom.htm
 SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT

Document 

Exhibit 35.1 
 DTE Electric Company 
 
 Annual Certificate of Compliance 
 Under the Servicing Agreement, 
 dated as of March 17, 2022 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting Chief Accounting Officer of DTE Electric Company, as servicer (the Servicer under the Securitization Property Servicing Agreement dated as of March 17, 2022 (the Servicing Agreement by and between the Servicer and DTE Electric Securitization Funding I LLC, and further certifies that 
 1. A review of the activities of the Servicer and of its performance under the Servicing Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022 has been made under the supervision of the undersigned pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Servicing Agreement. 
 2. To the undersigned's knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all of its obligations in all material respects under the Servicing Agreement throughout the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 DTE ELECTRIC COMPANY (as Servicer) By S TRACY J. MYRICK Tracy J. Myrick Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date March 20, 2023 

</EX-35.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dte-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dte-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dte-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dte-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

