<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1430319_0001554795-23-000093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1509388</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>64434</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>339954</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>368185</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>294238</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>409589</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000093.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329172634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			C & C TOURS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001430319
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				870463118
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54847
		FILM NUMBER:		23776274

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2157 S. LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801 323-2395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2157 S. LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	C & C TOURS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	C&C TOURS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080320

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000093.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 ccti0329form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For transition period ___ to ___ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The registrant did not have an active trading market for its common stock
as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter; therefore, an aggregate market value of shares of voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates cannot be determined. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock
as of March 29, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 8 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 9 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 22 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 25 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 

Signatures 
 27 

In this annual report references to C & C Tours, the
Company, we, us, and our refer to C & C Tours, Inc. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

There are statements in this annual report that are not historical facts.
These forward-looking statements can be identified by use of terminology such as believe, hope, 
 may, anticipate, should, intend, plan, expect, estimate, 
 project, positioned, strategy and similar expressions. You should be aware that these forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be
no assurance that the results and events contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report will in fact transpire.
You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this filing. We
do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Historical Development 

C & C Tours, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Nevada on March
18, 1989. The Company was organized as a charter bus business specializing in Nevada tours. After approximately 28 months of unsuccessful
charter bus operations, the Company discontinued those operations in 1991. After we ceased our charter business operation, we became a
 shell company because our business plan was to merge with an unidentified company or companies. On June 12, 2012 the Company
filed Articles of Continuance in the state of Wyoming effecting a change of domicile from Nevada to Wyoming 

Our Business Plan 

Our business plan is to seek, investigate, and, if warranted, acquire an
interest in a business opportunity. Our acquisition of a business opportunity may be made by an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of
stock, or otherwise. We have very limited sources of capital, and we probably will only be able to take advantage of one business opportunity. 

Our search for a business opportunity will not be limited to any particular
geographical area or industry, including both U.S. and international companies. Our management has unrestricted discretion in seeking
and participating in a business opportunity, subject to the availability of such opportunities, economic conditions and other factors.
Our management believes that companies who desire a public market to enhance liquidity for current stockholders or plan to acquire additional
assets through issuance of securities rather than for cash will be potential merger or acquisition candidates. 

Under SEC Rule 12b-2, we also qualify as a shell company 
because we have no or nominal assets and operations. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities
of shell companies in their respective jurisdictions. Management does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market
to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully concluded a business combination. 

The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our management. As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into any definitive agreement with any party, nor
have there been any specific discussions with any potential business combination candidate regarding business opportunities for the Company.
We have unrestricted flexibility in seeking, analyzing and participating in potential business opportunities. In our efforts to analyze
potential acquisition targets, we intend to consider the following factors: 

Potential for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or new products; 

Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry
as a whole; 

Strength and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment; 

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through the
sale of additional securities, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; 

The cost of participation by the Company as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible values and potentials; 

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; 

The accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, services, professional assistance and other required items; and 

Other relevant factors. 

4 

In applying the foregoing criteria, no one of which will be controlling,
management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures
and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different industries, and at various stages of development,
all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex.
Due to our limited capital available for investigation, we may not thoroughly discover all facts, whether adverse or favorable, about
the business opportunity to be acquired. In addition, we will be competing against other entities that possess greater financial, technical
and managerial capabilities for identifying and completing business combinations. 

In evaluating a prospective business combination, management will conduct
as extensive a due diligence review of potential targets as possible; however, none of our management are professional business analysts.
(See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, below.) Our executive officers have limited experience
with mergers and acquisitions of business opportunities and they have not been involved with an initial public offering. Potential investors
must recognize that due to our management s inexperience with business combinations we may not adequately evaluate a potential business
opportunity. 

We are unable to predict the time as to when, and if we may ever actually
participate in any specific business endeavor. We anticipate that proposed business ventures will be made available to us through personal
contacts of our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, professional advisors, broker dealers in securities, venture
capital personnel, members of the financial community and others who may present unsolicited proposals. In certain cases, we may agree
to pay a finder s fee or to otherwise compensate the persons who submit a potential business endeavor in which we eventually participate.
Such persons may include our directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of our securities or their affiliates. In that event,
such fees may become a factor in negotiations regarding any potential venture and, accordingly, may present a conflict of interest for
such individuals. 

In addition, certain conflicts of interest exist or may develop between
C & C Tours and our officers and directors. Our management has other business interests to which they currently devote attention,
which include their primary employment and management of other public companies. (See Item10, below.) They may be expected to continue
to devote their attention to these other business interests although management time should be devoted to our business. In the process
of negotiations for an acquisition or merger our management may be influenced towards a business opportunity that may provide them with
some personal pecuniary benefit. If we determine in the future that a transaction with an affiliate would be in our best interest, we
are permitted by Wyoming law to enter into such a transaction if certain conflicts of interest standards are satisfied. 

We expect that our due diligence will encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management of the target business and inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well as a review of financial and
other information which is made available to the Company. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by third
parties we may engage. Our limited funds and the lack of full-time management may likely make it impracticable to conduct a complete and
exhaustive investigation and analysis of a target business before we consummate a business combination. We anticipate that we will rely
upon funds provided by advances and/or loans from management and significant stockholders to conduct investigation and analysis of any
potential target companies or businesses. We may also rely upon the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash payments for services
or expenses related to any analysis. Management decisions, therefore, will likely be made without detailed feasibility studies, independent
analysis, market surveys and the like, which, if the Company had more capital available it would be better in our due diligence process.
We will be particularly dependent in making decisions upon information provided by the promoters, owners, sponsors or other persons associated
with the target business seeking our participation. 

5 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and
to structure and complete a business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with
respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective business combination that is not ultimately completed may result in a loss
to the Company. Also, fees may be paid in connection with the completion of all types of acquisitions, reorganizations or mergers. These
fees are usually used to pay legal costs, accounting costs, finder s fees, consultant s fees and other related expenses. In
the event that any such fees are paid, they may become a factor in negotiations regarding any potential acquisition or merger by us. We
have no present arrangements or understandings respecting any of these types of fees. 

Our common stock is not publicly traded at this time and we cannot assure
that a market will develop or that a stockholder ever will be able to liquidate an investment without considerable delay, if at all. The
liquidity of penny stock is affected by specific disclosure procedures required by rules to be followed by all broker-dealers, including
but not limited to, determining the suitability of the stock for a particular customer, and obtaining a written agreement from the customer
to purchase the stock. These rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers
to sell our securities in any future market. 

Form of Acquisition 

The manner in which we participate in an opportunity will depend upon the
nature of the business opportunity, the respective needs and desires of the Company and the promoters of the business opportunity, and
the relative negotiating strength of the Company and such promoters. 

It is likely that we will acquire our participation in a business opportunity
through the issuance of our common stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should
be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called tax free 
reorganization under Section 368(a) (1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code depends upon whether the
owners of the acquired business own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take
advantage of these provisions rather than other tax free provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would
in such circumstances retain 20 or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. Under other circumstances,
depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially less than 20 of the total
issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution to the equity of those persons
who were our stockholders prior to such reorganization. Our present stockholders will likely not have control of a majority of the voting
securities of the Company following a reorganization transaction. In addition, as part of such a transaction, all or a majority of our
directors may resign, and one or more new directors may be appointed, without any vote by stockholders. 

In the case of an acquisition, the transaction may be accomplished upon
the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger or consolidation
directly involving the Company, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders' meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of
a majority of the outstanding securities. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in delay and additional expense
in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. 

It is anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial
management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to participate in
a specific business opportunity, the costs incurred in the related investigation might not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement
is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss
to the Company of the related costs incurred. 

In addition, Form 8-K under SEC regulations regarding shell companies and
transactions with shell companies requires the filing within four business days of the closing of any transaction of all information about
an acquired company that would have been required to have been filed had any such company filed a Form 10 Registration Statement with
the SEC, including required audited, interim and pro forma financial statements. This requirement may eliminate many of the perceived
advantages of these types of transactions. These regulations also deny the use of Form S-8 for the registration of securities of a shell
company, and limit the use of Form S-8 to a reorganized shell company until the expiration of 60 days from when any such entity is no
longer considered to be a shell company. This prohibition could further restrict opportunities for us to acquire companies that may already
have stock option plans in place that cover numerous employees. In such an instance, there may be no exemption from registration for the
issuance of securities in any business combination to these employees, thereby necessitating the filing of a registration statement with
the SEC to complete any such reorganization, and incurring the time and expense costs that are normally avoided by reverse reorganizations. 

6 

Competition 

Additionally, we are in a highly competitive market for a small number
of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination. We are, and will continue
to be, an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with and acquisitions of small private and
public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including small public companies and venture capital firms,
are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for the Company. Nearly all these entities
have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than we do; consequently, we will be at
a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. These competitive
factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a business combination. 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on Business 

We are subject to the Exchange Act and the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Exchange Act will require the Company to file annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and we will be required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in
corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and
bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act creates a strong and independent accounting oversight board to
oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies and to strengthen auditor independence. It also requires steps be taken to
enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial
disclosures made by public companies; it establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible
conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; it creates guidelines for audit committee members appointment, and
compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; it prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund
blackout periods; and it establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

We will also be subject to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act which requires
all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations of the
SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual meeting
thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or
14C of Regulation 14A; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive
copies of this information are forwarded to our stockholders. 

Employees 

We currently do not have employees. We expect no significant changes in
the number of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination. 

Available Information 

We currently do not have a Company website. 

7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, we are not required to provide the information for this Item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We neither rent nor own any properties. We utilize the office space and
equipment of our executive officers without charge. We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate,
real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any legal proceedings as of the date of this filing. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable to our operations. 

8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is not listed or quoted to trade on any public trading
market. We do not have any outstanding options or warrants to purchase our securities or securities convertible into our common stock. 

Holders 

We have 95 stockholders of record holding 2,937,000 shares of our common
stock as of March 29, 2023. 

Dividends 

We have not declared dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate
paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any funds available for payment of dividends will be
re-invested into the Company to further its business strategy. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchase of Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Overview 

We are currently an emerging growth company and have not recorded revenues
from operations to date. We have not established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover our operating costs. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We are currently devoting our efforts to obtain capital from
management, significant stockholders or third parties to cover minimal expenses; however, there is no assurance that additional funding
will be available. Our ability to continue as a going concern during the long term is dependent upon our ability to find a suitable company
and acquire or enter into a merger with such company. 

The type of business opportunity which we acquire or merge with will affect
our profitability for the long term. We may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need
of additional funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business
which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. In the alternative, a business combination
may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish
a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control
which may occur through a public offering. 

Our management has not had any contact or discussions with any representative
of any other entity regarding a business combination with us. Management anticipates that we will likely be able to effect only one business
combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present and prospective stockholders, which is likely
to occur as a result of our management s plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business in order to achieve a tax-free
reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in investing in us, because it will not permit us
to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another. 

9 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have not recorded revenues from operations since inception and have
incurred a net loss. We have not established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover our operating costs and we have relied primarily
upon third parties to provide and pay for professional expenses and loans. 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 324 compared to 324 at December
31, 2021. Our total liabilities increased to 318,797 for 2022 compared to 288,688 for 2021. The increase in liabilities primarily represents
proceeds from loans, advances and services provided by third parties and accrued interest on previous loans. 

We intend to obtain capital from management, significant stockholders and
third parties to cover minimal operations; however, there is no assurance that additional funding will be available. Our ability to continue
as a going concern during the long term is dependent upon our ability to find a suitable business opportunity and acquire or enter into
a merger with such company. The type of business opportunity which we acquire or merge with will affect our profitability for the long
term. 

During the next 12 months the Company anticipates incurring additional
costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through advances and loans provided
by management, significant stockholders or third parties. We may also rely on the issuance of our common stock in lieu of cash to convert
debt or pay for expenses. 

Results of Operations 

We had no revenues during 2022 and 2021. General and administrative expense
was 14,000 for 2022 compared to 13,800 for 2021. 

Total other expense increased to 16,109 for 2022 compared to 14,981 for
2021 and represents interest expense on loans payable. 

Our net loss increased to 30,109 for 2022 compared to 28,781 for 2021.
Management expects net losses to continue until we acquire or merge with a business opportunity. 

Commitments and Obligations 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported notes payable totaling 210,490
and 195,490, respectively, representing services received, as well as cash advances received from third parties. Accrued interest related
to these loans payable totaled 102,307 and 86,198 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed 9,000 and 5,550, respectively, and converted 6,000 and 6,000, respectively, of accounts payable
into notes payable. All of the notes payable are non-collateralized, carry interest at 8 and are due on demand. No payments on principal
or interest have been made to date. 

A third-party consultant has provided professional services, paid for legal,
accounting and administrative services on our behalf and/or provided advances to cover our operating costs. These accumulated services
totaled 6,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 6,000 at December 31, 2021, and are not formally documented, have no repayment terms and,
thus, we have recognized them as accounts payable. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed vendors 0 and 1,000,
respectively. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). A company qualifies as an emerging growth company if it has total annual
gross revenues of less than 1.07 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year and, as of December 8, 2011, had not sold common
equity securities under a registration statement. Under the JOBS Act we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain
disclosure requirements 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging
growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition
period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting
standards. 

10 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

C & C TOURS, INC. 

 Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

INDEX 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 12 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 13 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 14 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 15 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 16 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 17 

11 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 C&C Tours, Inc. 

 Salt Lake City, Utah 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of C&C Tours, Inc.(the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

 Consideration of the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses and has no operations
which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 24, 2023 

12 

C & C TOURS, INC. 

 Balance Sheets 

DEC 31, 2022 
 DEC 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Total current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Notes payable 

Accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common stock, shares authorized at par value, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

13 

C
& C TOURS, INC. 

 Statements of Operations 

FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2022 
 FOR
 THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating
 Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 expense 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Loss
 before income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 loss 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

14 

C
& C TOURS, INC. 

 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

 For the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

15 

C
& C TOURS, INC. 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2022 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DEC 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Increase in accrued interest 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Decrease in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Conversion of accounts payable to notes payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements 

16 

C&C Tours, Inc. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Following is a reconciliation of the loss per
share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

Weighted average shares 

Basic and
 fully diluted loss per share (based on weighted average shares) 

. The Company had of cash balances in excess of federally
insured limits at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

18 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which may be offset against future taxable income through 2037.
No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements. 

 Deferred tax assets and the valuation account
are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset 

A reconciliation of amount obtained by applying
the Federal tax rate of 21 to pre-tax income to income tax benefit is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Asset 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of
the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carryforwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations.
Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

 The Company did not have any tax positions
for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within
the next 12 months. 

 The Company includes interest and penalties
arising from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

 The tax years that remain subject to examination
by major taxing jurisdictions are those for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

19 

and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest related to these notes payable totaled and as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed and , respectively, from third parties
and converted
 and , respectively, of accounts payable into notes payable. Notes payable consists of legal and accounting
fees and out-of-pocket costs incurred through third parties. These payables are non-collateralized, bear interest at , and are due on
demand. As such, these loans are classified as current on the Company s Balance Sheet. No payments on principal or interest have
been made to date. 

20 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

During the past two fiscal years there were no changes of our independent
registered public accounting firm and no disagreements between the Company and our independent registered public accounting firm related
to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedures. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our filings under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. This information is accumulated to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Our President, who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report and he determined that our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective due to a control deficiency. During the period we did not have additional personnel to allow segregation
of duties to ensure the completeness or accuracy of our information. Due to the size and operations of the Company we are unable to remediate
this deficiency until we acquire or merge with another company. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible to establish and maintain adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Our principal executive officer is responsible to design or supervise a process to be established by
our board of directors that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The policies and procedures include: 

maintenance of records in reasonable detail to accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets, 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors, and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, management has relied on the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO - 2013), Internal Control - Integrated Framework, to evaluate
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based upon that framework, management has determined that our internal
control over financial reporting is ineffective due to the lack of additional personnel to allow segregation of duties to ensure the completeness
or accuracy of our information. 

Our management determined that there were no changes made in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

21 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers and their respective ages, positions,
and biographical information are set forth below. Our bylaws require not less than three directors and our current directors serve until
our next annual meeting or until each is replaced by a qualified director. We currently have one vacancy on our board of directors. Our
executive officers are chosen by our board of directors and serve at its discretion. There are no existing family relationships between
our executive officers or directors. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held 
 Term of Director 
 
 Brett D. Taylor 
 61 
 Director, President 
 April 2012 until next annual meeting 
 
 J. William Peters 
 71 
 Director, Secretary/Treasurer 
 April 2012 until next annual meeting 

Brett D. Taylor: Mr. Taylor was appointed as our Director
and President on April 25, 2012. Since 2006 he has been employed by Codale Electric Supply as an operations manager. In this position
he manages logistics for product delivery, the company safety program, and operations for Idaho, Utah, Nevada, Oregon, Arizona and Wyoming.
Prior to working for Codale, he owned and operated Moab Cyclery and Kaibab Tours for 12 years. These companies provided recreational equipment
and services to visitors to southern Utah. 

The Board believes his experience as an owner of small private companies
providing services to the public may provide valuable insights during the investigation of business opportunities. 

J. William Peters: Mr. Peters was appointed as our Director
and Secretary/Treasurer on April 10, 2012. Mr. Peters retired in December 2012 from his employment as an office manager where he worked
in a property management company. During the past ten years Mr. Peters has served as a director and executive officer of Cancer Capital
Corp., a company that has a class of securities registered with the SEC pursuant to Section 12. Mr. Peters studied business administration
at Long Beach Community College and California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California. 

The Board believes Mr. Peters experience serving in management positions
for private companies and public reporting companies may prove significant in our search for a business opportunity. The Board also believes
his experience with public reporting companies may be critical to our operations moving forward. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years none of our executive
officers have been involved in any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation of their ability or integrity; namely: (1)
filed a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer
appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within
two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or
within two years before the time of such filing; (2) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal
proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) been the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from
or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or (4) been found by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a civil action, by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal or
state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or
vacated. 

22 

Code of Ethics 

Since we have only two persons serving as directors and executive officers
and because we have minimal operations, we have not adopted a code of ethics for our principal executive and financial officers. Our board
of directors will revisit this issue in the future to determine if adoption of a code of ethics is appropriate. In the meantime, our management
intends to promote honest and ethical conduct, full and fair disclosure in our reports to the SEC, and comply with applicable governmental
laws and regulations. 

Corporate Governance 

We are a smaller reporting company with minimal operations and only two
directors and officers. As a result, we do not have a standing nominating committee for directors, nor do we have an audit committee with
an audit committee financial expert serving on that committee. Our entire board of directors acts as our nominating and audit committee. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive Officer Compensation 

Our current principal executive officers did not receive compensation during
the past fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. None of our named executive officers received any cash or non-cash compensation
during the past two years, nor did any executive officers have outstanding equity awards at year end. We currently have no employment
contracts with our executive officers and their compensation, if any, will be determined at the discretion of our board of directors. 

We do not offer retirement benefit plans to our executive officers, nor
have we entered into any contract, agreement, plan or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a named
executive officer at, or in connection with, the resignation, retirement or other termination of a named executive officer, or a change
in control of the company or a change in the named executive officer s responsibilities following a change in control. 

Director Compensation 

We have not paid compensation to any directors during the past two fiscal
years. We do not have any arrangement for compensation of our directors for any services provided as director, including services for
committee participation or for special assignments. 

23 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Securities Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Beneficial Ownership 

The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our outstanding
common stock by our management. We are not aware of any person or group that beneficially owns more than 5 of our outstanding common
stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, and generally includes voting or investment
power with respect to the securities. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting power and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The percentage of beneficial ownership
is based on 2,937,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 29, 2023. 

MANAGEMENT 

Name of beneficial owner 
 
 Amount and nature 
 of beneficial ownership 
 
 Percent 
 of class 
 
 J. William Peters 
 140,000 (1) 
 4.8 
 
 Directors and officers as a group 
 140,000 
 4.8 

(1) Represents shares held by Liberty Partners, LLC of which Mr.
Peters is an affiliate. 

24 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Parties 

During the past two fiscal we have not engaged in, nor do we propose to
engage in, any transactions involving our executive officers, directors, more than 5 stockholders, or immediate family members of these
persons. 

Director Independence 

None of our directors are independent directors as defined by NASDAQ Stock
Market Rule 5605(a)(2). This rule defines persons as independent who are neither officers nor employees of the company and
have no relationships that, in the opinion of the board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their
responsibilities as directors. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Auditor Fees 

The following table presents the aggregate fees billed by our independent
registered public accounting firm, Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, for each of the last two fiscal years in connection with the audit
of our financial statements and other professional services. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 6,700 
 6,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Audit fees represent fees for professional services rendered by our principal
accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q or services
that are normally provided by our principal accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees represent professional services rendered for assurance
and related services by the accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
that are not reported under audit fees. 

Tax fees represent professional services rendered by the accounting firm
for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All other fees represent fees billed for products and services provided
by the accounting firm, other than the services reported for the other three categories. 

Pre-approval Policies 

We do not have an audit committee currently serving
and as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve in
advance the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor. All services rendered by our principal accountant are performed pursuant
to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

25 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The audited financial statements of C & C Tours, Inc. are included
in this report under Item 8 on pages 12 through 21. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are included in the footnotes to the
financial statements or are inapplicable or not required. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The following documents have been filed as part of this report. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3(i).1 
 Articles of Incorporation of C & C Tours,
 dated February 2, 1989 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i).1 to Form 10, filed November 8, 2012) 
 
 3(i).2 
 Wyoming Articles of Continuance of C & C Tours,
 dated June 12, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i).2 to Form 10, filed November 8, 2012) 
 
 3(ii) 
 Bylaws of C & C Tours, dated May 20, 2012
 (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(ii) to Form 10, filed November 8, 2012) 
 
 4.6 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference
 to exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-K, filed August 13, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer
 Certification 
 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer
 Certification 
 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

XBRL (Extensible
 Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes
 of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized 

C & C TOURS, INC. 

By: /s/ Brett D. Taylor 

 Brett D. Taylor 

 President 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/Brett D. Taylor 

 Brett D. Taylor 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

 Director and President 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: /s/ J. William Peters 

 J. William Peters 

 Director and Secretary/Treasurer 

Date: March 29, 2023 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ccti0329form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, Brett D. Taylor, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of C C Tours, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/Brett D. Taylor 
 Brett D. Taylor 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ccti0329form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I, Brett D. Taylor, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of C C Tours, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/Brett D. Taylor 
 Brett D. Taylor 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ccti0329form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

C C TOURS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

The undersigned executive officer of C C Tours, Inc. certifies pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

the annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/Brett D. Taylor 
 Brett D. Taylor 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ccti-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ccti-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ccti-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ccti-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

