<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1418076_0001193125-23-053980.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24324889</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>727559</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2573511</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8942233</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4803954</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6480852</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>25</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-053980.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163359
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-053980
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SLR Investment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001418076
		IRS NUMBER:				261381340
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00754
		FILM NUMBER:		23686099

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 993-1670

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Solar Capital Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-053980.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 d437884d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM 
 TO 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State of Incorporation)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

, N.Y. 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act.

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated
 filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

 No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act) Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates
 of the Registrant on June 30, 2022 based on the closing price on that date of 14.63 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market was approximately million. For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 

Auditor Firm Id: 

Auditor Name: 

Auditor Location: , NY

Table of Contents 
 SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

FORM 10-K

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART I 

Item 1.

Business 

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

24

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

55

Item 2.

Properties 

55

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

55

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

55

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

56

Item 6.

Reserved 

61

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

62

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

83

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

84

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

125

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

125

Item 9B.

Other Information 

125

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

125

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

126

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

131

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

132

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

134

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

136

PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

138

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

142

Signatures 

143

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1.

Business 

SLR Investment Corp. (the Company , SLRC , we or our ), a Maryland corporation formed in November 2007, is a closed-end,
 externally managed, non-diversified
 management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Furthermore, as the Company is an investment company, it continues to apply the guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 In February 2010, we completed our initial public offering and a concurrent private offering of shares to our senior management team. 

 We invest primarily in privately held U.S. middle-market companies, where we believe the supply of primary capital is limited and the investment opportunities are most attractive. Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We invest primarily in leveraged middle-market companies in the form of senior secured loans, financing leases and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities. We define middle market to refer to companies with annual revenues typically between 50 million and 1 billion. From time to time, we may also invest directly in the debt and equity of public companies that are thinly traded and such investments will not be limited to any minimum or maximum market capitalization. In addition, we may invest in foreign markets, including emerging markets. Our business is focused primarily on the direct origination of investments through portfolio companies or their financial sponsors. Our investments generally range between 5 million and 100 million each, although we expect that this investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base and/or with strategic initiatives. 

 In addition, we may invest a portion of our portfolio in other types of investments, which we refer to as opportunistic investments, which are not our primary focus but are intended to enhance our overall returns. These investments may include, but are not limited to, direct investments in public companies that are not thinly traded and securities of leveraged companies located in select countries outside of the United States. The securities that we invest in are typically rated below investment grade. Securities rated below investment grade are often referred to as leveraged loans, high yield or junk securities, and may be considered high risk compared to debt instruments that are rated investment grade. In addition, some of our debt investments will not fully amortize during their lifetime, which means that a borrower may be unable to payoff its debt due to bankruptcy or other reasons and therefore we may write-off
 such debt investment prior to its scheduled maturity. Upon such an occurrence, we may realize a loss or a substantial amount of unpaid principal and interest due upon maturity. 
 Our investment activities are managed by SLR Capital Partners, LLC SLR Capital Partners or the Investment Adviser and supervised by our board of directors (the Board or board of directors ), a majority of whom are non-interested,
 as such term is defined in section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. SLR Capital Management, LLC SLR Capital Management provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio totaled 2.1 billion and our net asset value was 999.7 million. Our portfolio was comprised of debt and equity investments in 139 portfolio companies. 

 SUNS Merger 

On April 1, 2022, we completed our previously announced acquisition of SLR Senior Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation SUNS ). Pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among us, SUNS, Solstice Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, the Investment Adviser, dated as of December 1, 2021, Merger Sub was first merged with and into SUNS, with SUNS as the surviving corporation, and, immediately following the Merger, SUNS was then merged with and into us, with us as the surviving company. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of SUNS s common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.7796 shares of our common stock (with SUNS s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock). As a result of the Mergers, we issued an aggregate of 12,511,825 shares of our common stock to former SUNS stockholders. 

 The Mergers are accounted for as an asset acquisition of SLR Senior Investment Corp. by the Company in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC 805-50,
 Business Combinations Related Issues, with the fair value of total consideration paid in conjunction with the Mergers allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values as of the date of the Mergers. Generally, under asset acquisition accounting, acquiring assets in groups not only requires ascertaining the cost of the asset (or net assets), but also allocating that cost to the individual assets (or individual assets and liabilities) that make up the group. The cost of the group of assets acquired in an asset acquisition is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values of net identifiable assets acquired other than certain non-qualifying 
 assets (for example cash) and does not give rise to goodwill. The Company is the accounting survivor of the Mergers. The Mergers were considered a tax-free
 reorganization and the historical cost basis of the acquired SUNS investments are carried forward for tax purposes. 

1 

Table of Contents 
 Letter Agreement 

On April 1, 2022, in connection with the consummation of the Mergers, we entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement pursuant to which the Investment Adviser voluntarily agreed to a permanent 25 basis point reduction of the annual base management fee rate payable by us to the Investment Adviser pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement between us and the Investment Adviser (the Advisory Agreement ), resulting in an annual base management fee rate payable by us to the Investment Adviser of 1.50 on gross assets up to 200 of our total net assets. We retained the annual base management fee rate payable by us to the Investment Adviser of 1.00 on gross assets that exceed 200 of our total net assets. 

 SLR Capital Partners 

SLR Capital Partners, our investment adviser, is controlled and led by Michael S. Gross, our Chairman and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, and Bruce Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer. They are supported by a team of investment professionals. SLR Capital Partners investment team has extensive experience in leveraged lending and private equity, as well as significant contacts with financial sponsors. 
 In addition, SLR Capital Partners currently serves as investment adviser to private funds and managed accounts as well as to SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC that primarily invests in first lien loans to upper middle market private leveraged companies, SLR HC BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC that primarily invests in first lien healthcare cash flow loans and life science loans, and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC, an unlisted BDC focused on first lien senior secured floating rate loans. As of February 24, 2023, Mr. Gross and Mr. Spohler beneficially owned, either directly or indirectly, approximately 7.5 of our outstanding common stock. 

 Mr. Gross has over 25 years of experience in the private equity, distressed debt and mezzanine (i.e., actually or structurally subordinated) lending businesses and has been involved in originating, structuring, negotiating, consummating and managing private equity, distressed debt and mezzanine lending transactions. Prior to his current role as our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, Mr. Gross founded Apollo Investment Corporation, a publicly traded BDC. He served as its chairman from February 2004 to July 2006 and its chief executive officer from February 2004 to February 2006. Under his management, Apollo Investment Corporation raised approximately 930 million in gross proceeds in an initial public offering in April 2004, built a dedicated investment team and infrastructure and invested approximately 2.3 billion in over 65 companies in conjunction with 50 different private equity sponsors. Mr. Gross is also a founder and a former senior partner of Apollo Global Management, a leading private equity firm. During his tenure at Apollo Global Management, Mr. Gross was a member of the investment committee that was responsible for overseeing more than 13 billion of investments in over 150 companies. 
 Mr. Gross also has served on the boards of directors of more than 20 public and private companies. As a result, Mr. Gross has developed an extensive network of private equity sponsor relationships as well as relationships with management teams of public and private companies, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants that we believe should provide us with significant business opportunities. 

 We also rely on the over 25 years of experience of Mr. Spohler, who has served as our Chief Operating Officer and a partner of SLR Capital Partners since its inception and as Co-Chief
 Executive Officer since June 2019. Previously, Mr. Spohler was a managing director and a former co-head
 of U.S. Leveraged Finance for CIBC World Markets. He held numerous senior roles at CIBC World Markets, including serving on the U.S. Management Committee, Global Executive Committee and the Deals Committee, which approves all of CIBC World Markets U.S. corporate finance debt capital decisions. During Mr. Spohler s tenure, he was responsible for senior loan, high yield and mezzanine origination and execution, as well as CIBC World Markets below investment grade loan portfolio in the United States. As a co-head
 of U.S. Leveraged Finance, Mr. Spohler oversaw over 300 capital raising and merger and acquisition transactions, comprising over 40 billion in market capitalization. 
 SLR Capital Partners senior investment professionals have been active participants in the primary and secondary leveraged credit markets throughout their careers. They have effectively managed portfolios of senior secured, distressed and mezzanine debt as well as other investment types. The depth of their prior experience and credit market experience has led them through various stages of the economic cycle as well as several market disruptions. 

2 

Table of Contents 
 SLR Capital Management 

Pursuant to an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ), SLR Capital Management furnishes us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, SLR Capital Management also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records which we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders. In addition, SLR Capital Management assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. SLR Capital Management also provides managerial assistance, if any, on our behalf to those portfolio companies that request such assistance. 

 License Agreement 

We have entered into a license agreement with SLR Capital Partners pursuant to which SLR Capital Partners has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive,
 royalty-free license to use the name SLR and SOLAR . Under this agreement, we have a right to use the SLR and SOLAR name for so long as the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement with our investment adviser is in effect. Other than with respect to this limited license, we will have no legal right to the SLR or SOLAR name. 
 Market Opportunity 

The Company invests directly and indirectly in leveraged middle-market companies, including in senior secured loans, and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities. We believe that the size of this market, coupled with leveraged companies need for flexible sources of capital at attractive terms and rates, creates an attractive investment environment for us. 

Middle-market companies continue to face increasing difficulty in accessing the capital markets.

 While many middle-market companies were formerly able to raise funds by issuing high-yield bonds, we believe this approach to financing has become more difficult in recent years as institutional investors have sought to invest in larger, more liquid offerings. In addition, many private finance companies that historically financed their lending and investing activities through securitization transactions have lost that source of funding and reduced lending significantly. Moreover, consolidation of lenders and market participants and the illiquid nature of investments have resulted in fewer middle-market lenders and market participants. 

There is a large pool of uninvested private equity capital likely to seek additional capital to support their investments.

 We believe there is more than 500 billion of uninvested private equity capital seeking debt financing to support acquisitions. 

The significant amount of debt maturing through 2024 should provide additional demand for capital.

 A high volume of financings are expected to mature over the next few years. We believe that this supply of prospective lending opportunities coupled with a lack of available credit in the middle-market lending space may offer attractive risk-adjusted returns to investors. Risk-adjusted return compares returns against the amount of risk incurred. The term risk-adjusted return does not imply that an investment is no risk or low risk. 

Investing in private middle-market debt provides an attractive risk reward profile.

 In general, terms for illiquid, middle-market subordinated debt have been more attractive than those for larger corporations which are typically more liquid. We believe this is because fewer institutions are able to invest in illiquid asset classes. 
 
 Therefore, we believe that there is an attractive opportunity to invest in leveraged middle-market companies, including in senior secured loans, unitranche loans and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities, and that we are well positioned to serve this market. 

 Competitive Advantages and Strategy 

We believe that we have the following competitive advantages over other providers of financing to leveraged companies. 

3 

Table of Contents 
 Management Experience 

As managing partner, Mr. Gross has principal management responsibility for SLR Capital Partners, to which he currently dedicates substantially all of his time. Mr. Gross has over 25 years of experience in leveraged finance, private equity and distressed debt investing. Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a partner of SLR Capital Partners, has over 25 years of experience in evaluating and executing leveraged finance transactions. 
 Investment Capacity 

The proceeds from our public offerings and the Concurrent Private Placement, the borrowing capacities under the senior secured credit facility led by Citibank, N.A. (the Credit Facility and the SUNS SPV LLC senior secured credit facility (the SPV Credit Facility ), our 75 million of unsecured senior notes due 2023 (the 2023 Unsecured Notes ), our 125 million of unsecured notes due 2024 (the 2024 Unsecured Notes ), our 85 million of unsecured notes due 2025 (the 2025 Unsecured Notes ), our 75 million of unsecured notes due 2026 (the 2026 Unsecured Notes ), our 50 million of unsecured senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Unsecured Notes ), our 135 million of unsecured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes ), the available capital at our significant subsidiaries and the expected repayments of existing portfolio company investments provide us with a substantial amount of capital available for deployment into new investment opportunities. We believe we are well positioned for the current marketplace. 

 The Company s Leverage 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total outstanding borrowings of approximately 1,093.2 million. Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage ratio was 191.5 . We believe our relatively low level of leverage provides us with a competitive advantage as proceeds from our investments are available for reinvestment as opposed to being consumed by debt repayment. We may increase our relative level of debt in the future. However, we do not currently anticipate operating with a substantial amount of debt relative to our total assets. 

 Proprietary Sourcing and Origination 

We believe that SLR Capital Partners senior investment professionals longstanding relationships with financial sponsors, commercial and investment banks, management teams and other financial intermediaries provide us with a strong pipeline of proprietary origination opportunities. We expect to continue leveraging the relationships Mr. Gross established while sourcing and originating investments at Apollo Investment Corporation as well as the financial sponsor relationships Mr. Spohler developed while he was a co-head
 of CIBC World Markets U.S. Leveraged Finance Group. 
 Versatile Transaction Structuring and Flexibility of Capital 

We believe SLR Capital Partners senior investment team s broad experience and ability to draw upon its extensive experience enable us to identify, assess and structure investments successfully across all levels of a company s capital structure and to manage potential risk and return at all stages of the economic cycle. The attempt to manage risk does not imply low risk or no risk. While we are subject to significant regulation as a BDC, we are not subject to many of the regulatory limitations that govern traditional lending institutions such as banks. As a result, we believe that we can be more flexible than such lending institutions in selecting and structuring investments, adjusting investment criteria, transaction structures and, in some cases, the types of securities in which we invest. 

 Emphasis on Achieving Strong Risk-Adjusted Returns 

SLR Capital Partners uses a structured investment and risk management process that emphasizes research and analysis. SLR Capital Partners seeks to build our portfolio on a bottom-up 
 basis, choosing and sizing individual positions based on their relative risk/reward profiles as a function of the associated downside risk, volatility, correlation with the existing portfolio and liquidity. At the same time, SLR Capital Partners takes into consideration a variety of factors in managing our portfolio and imposes portfolio-based risk constraints promoting a more diverse portfolio of investments and limiting issuer and industry concentration. We do not pursue short-term origination targets. We believe this approach enables us to build an attractive investment portfolio that meets our return and value criteria over the long term. We believe it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence on investment targets. In evaluating new investments we, through SLR Capital Partners, conduct a rigorous due diligence process. 

4 

Table of Contents 
 Dedication of Resources to Industries with Substantial Information Flow 

We dedicate our investing resources to industries characterized by strong cash flow and in which SLR Capital Partners investment professionals have deep investment experience. As a result of their investment experience, Messrs. Gross and Spohler, together with SLR Capital Partners other senior investment professionals, have long-term relationships with management consultants and management teams in the industries we target, as well as substantial information concerning those industries. 

 Longer Investment Horizon 

Unlike private equity and venture capital funds, we will not be subject to standard periodic capital return requirements. Such requirements typically stipulate that the capital of these funds, together with any capital gains on such invested funds, can only be invested once and must be returned to investors after a pre-agreed
 time period. We believe that our flexibility to make investments with a long-term view and without the capital return requirements of traditional private investment vehicles provides us with the opportunity to generate favorable returns relative to the risks of our invested capital and enables us to be a better long-term partner for our portfolio companies. 
 Investments 

The Company seeks to create a diverse portfolio that includes senior secured loans, and to a lesser extent unsecured loans and equity securities by investing approximately 5 million to 100 million of capital, on average, in the securities of leveraged companies, including middle-market companies. We expect that this investment size will vary with the size of our capital base and/or for strategic initiatives. Structurally, unsecured loans usually rank subordinate in priority of payment to senior debt, such as senior bank debt. As such, other creditors may rank senior to us in the event of insolvency. However, unsecured loans rank senior to common and preferred equity in a borrower s capital structure. Due to its higher risk profile and often less restrictive covenants as compared to senior loans, unsecured loans generally earn a higher return than senior secured loans. 

 In addition to senior secured loans and unsecured loans, we may invest a portion of our portfolio in opportunistic investments, which are not our primary focus, but are intended to enhance our returns to our investors. These investments may include direct investments in public companies that are not thinly traded and securities of leveraged companies located in select countries outside of the United States. The securities that we invest in are typically rated below investment grade. Securities rated below investment grade are speculative and are often referred to as leveraged loans, high yield or junk securities, and may be considered high risk compared to debt instruments that are rated investment grade. In addition, some of our debt investments will not fully amortize during their lifetime, which means that a borrower may be unable to payoff its debt due to bankruptcy or other reasons and therefore we may write-off
 such debt investment prior to its scheduled maturity. Upon such an occurrence, we may realize a loss or a substantial amount of unpaid principal and interest due upon maturity. We may invest up to 30 of our total assets in such opportunistic investments, including loans issued by non-U.S.
 issuers, subject to compliance with our regulatory obligations as a BDC under the 1940 Act. 
 We have and will continue to borrow funds to make investments. As a result, we will be exposed to the risks of leverage, which may be considered a speculative investment technique. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for loss on amounts invested and therefore increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. In addition, the costs associated with our borrowings, including any increase in management fees payable to our investment adviser, SLR Capital Partners, will be borne by our common stockholders. 

 Moreover, we may acquire investments in the secondary market and, in analyzing such investments, we will seek to employ a substantially similar analytical process as we use for our primary investments. 

 We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. It may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S.
 currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. 

5 

Table of Contents 
 Our principal focus is to provide senior secured loans to leveraged companies in a variety of industries. We generally seek to target companies that generate positive cash flows and/or have substantial assets that secure our loans. We generally seek to invest in companies from the broad variety of industries in which our investment adviser has direct experience. 

 The following is a representative list of the industries in which we may invest: 

Aerospace Defense

Air Freight Logistics

Airlines

Asset Management

Automobiles

Auto Components

Auto Parts Equipment

Biotechnology

Building Products

Capital Markets

Chemicals

Commercial Services Supplies

Communications Equipment

Construction Engineering

Consumer Finance

Containers Packaging

Distributors

Diversified Consumer Services

Diversified Financial Services

Diversified Real Estate Activities

Diversified Telecommunications Services

Education Services

Energy Equipment Services

Food Products

Food Staples Retailing

Footwear

Health Care Equipment Supplies

Health Care Facilities

Health Care Providers Services

Health Care Technology

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure

Household Personal Products

Industrial Conglomerates

Insurance

Internet Catalog Retail

Internet Software Services

IT Services

Leisure Equipment Products

Life Sciences Tools Services

Machinery

Media

Metals Mining

Multiline Retail

Multi-Sector Holdings

Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels

Packaged Foods Meats

Paper Forest Products

Personal Products

Pharmaceuticals

Professional Services

Research Consulting Services

Road Rail

Software

Specialty Retail

Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods

Thrifts Mortgage Finance

Trading Companies Distributors

Transportation Infrastructure

Water Utilities

Wireless Telecommunications Services

We may also invest in other industries if we are presented with attractive opportunities. 

 We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds. We may also participate in negotiated co-investment
 transactions with certain affiliates, each of whose investment adviser is SLR Capital Partners, or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with SLR Capital Partners and is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions of the most recent exemptive order obtained from the SEC on June 13, 2017 (the Exemptive Order ). Pursuant to the Exemptive Order, we are permitted to co-invest with
 our affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction,
 including, but not limited to, that (1) the terms of the potential co-investment transaction,
 including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (2) the potential co-investment transaction
 is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our then-current investment objective and strategies. 
 At December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 139 portfolio companies and was invested 30.8 in cash flow senior secured loans, 30.0 in asset-based senior secured loans / SLR Credit Solutions SLR Credit / SLR Healthcare ABL / SLR Business Credit, 23.7 in equipment senior secured financings / SLR Equipment Finance SLR Equipment / Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC KBH and 15.5 in life science senior secured loans, in each case, measured at fair value. We expect that our portfolio will 

6 

Table of Contents 
 continue to include primarily senior secured loans, financing leases and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities. In addition, we also expect to invest a portion of our portfolio in opportunistic investments, which are not our primary focus, but are intended to enhance our risk-adjusted returns to stockholders. These investments may include, but are not limited to, securities of public companies and debt and equity securities of companies located outside of the United States. 

 While our primary investment objective is to maximize current income and capital appreciation through investments in U.S. senior and subordinated loans, other debt securities and equity, we may also invest a portion of the portfolio in opportunistic investments, including foreign securities. 

 Listed below are our top ten portfolio companies and industries based on their fair value and represented as a percentage of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

 TOP TEN PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND INDUSTRIES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company

of

 Total Assets

SLR Credit Solutions 

11.4 

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC 

9.0 

SLR Equipment Finance 

5.0 

SLR Business Credit 

3.5 

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc.

2.7 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

1.6 

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC

1.4 

Enhanced Capital Group, LLC

1.4 

Outset Medical, Inc.

1.4 

Vapotherm, Inc.

1.4 

Denotes investments in which we are deemed to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. 

Industry

of

 Total Assets

Diversified Financial Services

18.2 

Multi-Sector Holdings

14.4 

Health Care Providers Services

6.4 

Health Care Equipment Supplies

5.4 

Pharmaceuticals

4.5 

Software

3.6 

Insurance

3.5 

Biotechnology

3.2 

Diversified Consumer Services

2.2 

Media

1.6 
 
 TOP TEN PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND INDUSTRIES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Portfolio Company

of

 Total Assets

SLR Credit Solutions 

14.9 

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC 

11.2 

SLR Equipment Finance 

6.4 

Rubius Therapeutics, Inc.

2.0 

PhyMed Management LLC

1.8 

KORE Wireless Group, Inc.

1.8 

Community Brands ParentCo, LLC

1.7 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.

1.7 

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC

1.7 

SOC Telemed, Inc.

1.6 

Denotes investments in which we are deemed to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Industry

of

 Total Assets

Multi-Sector Holdings

20.6 

Diversified Financial Services

17.2 

Health Care Providers Services

8.0 

Pharmaceuticals

6.4 

Software

4.1 

Health Care Equipment Supplies

4.1 

Biotechnology

2.0 

Wireless Telecommunication Services

1.8 

Personal Products

1.7 

Road Rail

1.5 
 
 Set forth below is a brief description of each portfolio company in which we have made an investment that represents greater than 5 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022. 

 SLR Credit Solutions 

We invested in SLR Credit as an independent commercial finance company that provides primarily senior secured loans for both asset-based and cash flow financings to middle-market companies. Its team of experienced, responsive professionals has underwritten, closed and managed more than 20 billion in secured debt commitments across a wide range of industries. As of December 31, 2022, SLR Credit had 29 funded commitments to 25 different issuers with total funded loans of approximately 439.5 million on total assets of 460.7 million. SLR Credit s competitors include other specialty finance companies and small banks. As with most finance companies, SLR Credit is exposed to interest rate risk, which it mostly mitigates by issuing loans with floating rates. 

 SLR Equipment Finance 

On July 31, 2017, the Company completed the acquisition of NEF Holdings, which conducts its business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Nations Equipment Finance, LLC. Effective February 25, 2021, Nations Equipment Finance, LLC and its related companies are doing business as SLR Equipment Finance. SLR Equipment is an independent equipment finance company that provides senior secured loans and leases primarily to U.S. based companies. The Company invested 209.9 million in cash to effect the transaction, of which 145.0 million was invested in the equity of SLR Equipment through our wholly-owned consolidated taxable subsidiary NEFCORP LLC and our wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary NEFPASS LLC and 64.9 million was used to purchase certain leases and loans held by SLR Equipment through NEFPASS LLC. As of December 31, 2022, SLR Equipment had 131 funded equipment-backed leases and loans to 59 different customers with a total net investment in leases and loans of approximately 190.8 million on total assets of 241.8 million. 

 Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC 

On November 3, 2020, the Company acquired 87.5 of the equity securities of Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC KBH through KBH Topco LLC KBHT ), a Delaware corporation. KBH is a residual focused independent mid-ticket
 lessor of equipment primarily to U.S. investment grade companies. The Company invested 216.6 million to effect the transaction, of which 136.6 million was invested to acquire 87.5 of KBHT s equity and 80.0 million in KBH s debt. The existing management team of KBH committed to continuing to lead KBH after the transaction. Post the transaction, the Company owns 87.5 of KBHT equity and the KBH management team owns the remaining 12.5 of KBHT s equity. As of December 31, 2022, KBHT had total assets of 777.2 million. 

8 

Table of Contents 
 Investment Selection Process 

SLR Capital Partners is committed to and utilizes a value-oriented investment philosophy with a focus on the preservation of capital and a commitment to managing downside exposure. 

 Portfolio Company Characteristics 

We have identified several criteria that we believe are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies. These criteria provide general guidelines for our investment decisions; however, not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we choose to invest. 

 Stable Earnings and Strong Free Cash Flow.

We seek to invest in companies that have demonstrated stable earnings through economic cycles. We target companies that can de-lever
 through consistent generation of cash flows rather than relying solely on growth to service and repay our loans. 
 Value Orientation.

Our investment philosophy places a premium on fundamental analysis from an investor s perspective and has a distinct value orientation. We focus on companies in which we can invest at relatively low multiples of operating cash flow and that are profitable at the time of investment on an operating cash flow basis. 
 Value of Assets.

The prospective value of the assets, if any, that collateralizes the loans in which we invest, is an important factor in our credit analysis. Our analysis emphasizes both tangible assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and real estate, and intangible assets, such as intellectual property, customer lists, networks and databases. In some of our transactions the company s fundings may be derived from a borrowing base determined by the value of the company s assets. 
 Strong Competitive Position in Industry.

We seek to invest in target companies that have developed leading market positions within their respective markets and are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities. We seek companies that demonstrate significant competitive advantages versus their competitors, which we believe should help to protect their market position and profitability. 
 Diversified Customer and Supplier Base.

We seek to invest in businesses that have a diversified customer and supplier base. We believe that companies with a diversified customer and supplier base are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing business preferences and other factors that may negatively impact their customers, suppliers and competitors. 
 Exit Strategy.

We predominantly invest in companies that provide multiple alternatives for an eventual exit. We look for opportunities that provide an exit typically within three years of the initial capital commitment. 
 We generally seek companies that we believe will have or provide a steady stream of cash flow to repay our loans and reinvest in their respective businesses. We believe that such internally generated cash flow, leading to the payment of our interest, and the repayment of our principal, represents a key means by which we will be able to exit from our investments over time. 

 In addition, we also seek to invest in companies whose business models and expected future cash flows or cash positions offer attractive exit possibilities. These companies include candidates for strategic acquisition by other industry participants and companies that may repay our investments through an initial public offering of common stock or another capital market transaction. We underwrite our investments on a held-to-maturity

 basis, but expensive capital is often repaid prior to stated maturity. 
 Experienced and Committed Management.

We generally require that portfolio companies have an experienced management team. We also require portfolio companies have in place proper incentives to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors, including having significant equity interests. 
 Strong Sponsorship.

We generally aim to invest alongside other sophisticated investors. We typically seek to partner with successful financial sponsors who have historically generated high returns. We believe that investing in these sponsors portfolio companies enables us to benefit from their direct involvement and due diligence. 
 SLR Capital Partners investment team works in concert with sponsors to proactively manage investment opportunities by acting as a partner throughout the investment process. We actively focus on the middle-market financial sponsor community, with a particular focus on the upper-end
 of the middle-market (sponsors with equity funds of 500 million to 5 billion). We favor such sponsors because they typically: 

buy larger companies with strong business franchises; 

9 

Table of Contents 

invest significant amounts of equity in their portfolio companies; 

value flexibility and creativity in structuring their transactions; 

possess longer track records over multiple investment funds; 

have a deeper management bench; 

have better ability to withstand downturns; and 

possess the ability to support portfolio companies with additional capital. 

We divide our coverage of these sponsors among our more senior investment professionals, who are responsible for day-to-day

 interaction with financial sponsors. Our coverage approach aims to act proactively, consider all investments in the capital structure, provide quick feedback, deliver on commitments, and are constructive throughout the life cycle of an investment. 
 Due Diligence 

Our private equity approach to credit investing typically incorporates extensive in-depth
 due diligence often alongside the private equity sponsor. In conducting due diligence, we will use publicly available information as well as information from relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors and investment bankers. We believe that our due diligence methodology allows us to screen a high volume of potential investment opportunities on a consistent and thorough basis. 
 Our due diligence typically includes: 

review of historical and prospective financial information; 

review and valuation of assets; 

research relating to the company s management, industry, markets, products and services and competitors; 

on-site
 visits; 

discussions with management, employees, customers or vendors of the potential portfolio company; 

review of senior loan documents; and 

background investigations. 

We also expect to evaluate the private equity sponsor making the investment. Further, due to SLR Capital Partners considerable repeat business with sponsors, we have direct experience with the management teams of many sponsors. A private equity sponsor is typically the controlling stockholder upon completion of an investment and as such is considered critical to the success of the investment. The equity sponsor is evaluated along several key criteria, including: 

investment track record; 

industry experience; 

capacity and willingness to provide additional financial support to the company through additional capital contributions, if necessary; and 

reference checks. 

Throughout the due diligence process, a deal team is in constant dialogue with the management team of the company in which we are considering investing to ensure that any concerns are addressed as early as possible through the process and that unsuitable investments are filtered out before considerable time has been invested. 

 Upon the completion of due diligence and a decision to proceed with an investment in a company, the investment professionals leading the investment present the investment opportunity to SLR Capital Partners investment committee, which then determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys and independent accountants prior to the closing of the investment, as well as other outside advisers, as appropriate. 

10 

Table of Contents 
 The Investment Committee 

All new investments are required to be approved by a consensus of the investment committee of SLR Capital Partners, which is led by Messrs. Gross and Spohler. The members of SLR Capital Partners investment committee receive no compensation from us. Such members may be employees or partners of SLR Capital Partners and may receive compensation or profit distributions from SLR Capital Partners. 

 Investment Structure 

Once we determine that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management of that company and its other capital providers, including senior, junior and equity capital providers, to structure an investment. We negotiate among these parties to agree on how our investment is expected to perform relative to the other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure. 

 The Company seeks to create a diverse portfolio that includes senior secured loans and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities by investing approximately 5 million to 100 million of capital. With respect to our senior secured loans, we seek to obtain security interests in the assets of our portfolio companies that serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral may take the form of first or second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. 

 We structure our unsecured loans primarily subordinated loans that provide for relatively high, fixed or floating interest rates that provide us with significant current interest income. These loans typically have interest-only payments in the early years, with amortization of principal, if any, deferred to the later years of the unsecured loans. In some cases, we may enter into loans that, by their terms, convert into equity or additional debt securities or defer payments of interest for the first few years after our investment. Also, in some cases our unsecured loans may be collateralized by a subordinated lien on some or all of the assets of the borrower. 

 Typically, our senior secured and unsecured loans have final maturities of five to ten years. However, we expect that our portfolio companies often may repay these loans early, generally within three to four years from the date of initial investment. In some cases and when available, we seek to structure these loans with prepayment premiums to capture foregone interest. 

 In the case of our senior secured and unsecured loan investments, we tailor the terms of the investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its profitability. For example, in addition to seeking a senior or fulcrum position in the capital structure of our portfolio companies, we will seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 

requiring a total return on our investments (including both interest and potential capital appreciation) that compensates us for credit risk; 

incorporating put rights and call protection into the investment structure; and 

negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or participation rights. 

Our investments may include equity features, such as warrants or options to buy a minority interest in the portfolio company. Any warrants we receive with our debt securities generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we also obtain registration rights in connection with these equity securities, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. In addition, we may from time to time make direct equity investments in portfolio companies. 

 We generally seek to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but will sell our investments earlier, including if a liquidity event takes place such as the sale or recapitalization of a portfolio company. 

11 

Table of Contents 
 Ongoing Relationships with Portfolio Companies 

SLR Capital Partners monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. SLR Capital Partners monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its business plan and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. 

 SLR Capital Partners has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which include the following: 

Assessment of success in adhering to each portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 

Periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

Comparisons to other SLR invested portfolio companies in the industry, if any; 

Attendance at and participation in board meetings; and 

Review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 

In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, SLR Capital Partners also uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor our expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. 

 We use an investment rating scale of 1 to 4. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating: 

Investment

Rating

Summary Description

1 
 
 Involves the least amount of risk in our portfolio, the portfolio company is performing above expectations, and the trends and risk factors are generally favorable (including a potential exit) 

2 
 
 Risk that is similar to the risk at the time of origination, the portfolio company is performing as expected, and the risk factors are neutral to favorable; all new investments are initially assessed a grade of 2 

3 
 
 The portfolio company is performing below expectations, may be out of compliance with debt covenants, and requires procedures for closer monitoring 

4 
 
 The investment is performing well below expectations and is not anticipated to be repaid in full 
 SLR Capital Partners monitors and, when appropriate, changes the investment ratings assigned to each investment in our portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the weighted average investment rating on the fair market value of our portfolio was a 2. In connection with our valuation process, SLR Capital Partners reviews these investment ratings on a quarterly basis. 

 Valuation Procedures 

In December 2020, the SEC adopted new Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act addressing fair valuation of fund investments. The new rule sets forth requirements for good faith determinations of fair value, as well as for the performance of fair value determinations, including related oversight and reporting obligations. The new rule also defines readily available market quotations for purposes of the definition of value under the 1940 Act, and the SEC noted that this definition will apply in all contexts under the 1940 Act. The Company will comply with Rule 2a-5 s
 valuation requirements. 
 We conduct the valuation of our assets, pursuant to which our net asset value is determined, at all times consistent with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), and the 1940 Act. Our valuation procedures are set forth in more detail below: 

 Under procedures established by the Board, we value investments, including certain senior secured debt, subordinated debt and other debt securities with maturities greater than 60 days, for which market quotations are readily available, at such market quotations (unless they are deemed not to represent fair value). A market quotation is readily available for a security only when that quotation is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investments that the Company can access at the measurement date, provided 

12 

Table of Contents 
 that a quotation will not be readily available if it is not reliable. If the Company anticipates using a market quotation for a security, it will also monitor for circumstances that may necessitate the use of fair value, such as significant events that may cause concern over the reliability of a market quotation. We attempt to obtain market quotations from at least two brokers or dealers (if available, otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer or other independent pricing service). We utilize mid-market
 pricing as a practical expedient for fair value unless a different point within the range is more representative. If and when market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, we may utilize independent third-party valuation firms to assist us in determining the fair value of material assets. Accordingly, such investments go through our multi-step valuation process as described below. In each such case, independent valuation firms, which may from time to time be engaged by the Board, consider observable market inputs together with significant unobservable inputs in arriving at their valuation recommendations. Debt investments with maturities of 60 days or less shall each be valued at cost plus accreted discount, or minus amortized premium, which is expected to approximate fair value, unless such valuation, in the judgment of the Investment Adviser, does not represent fair value, in which case such investments shall be valued at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market quotations are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board. Such determination of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, the Board has approved a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

(1) 
 our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; 

(2) 
 preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of the Investment Adviser; 

(3) 
 independent valuation firms engaged by the Board conduct independent appraisals and review the Investment Adviser s preliminary valuations and make their own independent assessment for all material assets; 

(4) 
 the audit committee of the Board reviews the preliminary valuation of the Investment Adviser and that of the independent valuation firm and responds to the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firm, if any, to reflect any comments; and 

(5) 
 the Board discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Investment Adviser, the respective independent valuation firm, if any, and the audit committee. 

Investments in all asset classes are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. However, in accordance with ASC 820-10,
 certain investments that qualify as investment companies in accordance with ASC 946, may be valued using net asset value as a practical expedient for fair value. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation approaches to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, M A comparables, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values, among other factors. When available, broker quotations and/or quotations provided by pricing services are considered as an input in the valuation process. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there has been no change to the Company s valuation approaches or techniques and the nature of the related inputs considered in the valuation process. 
 Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy: 

 Level
 1
: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by the Company at the measurement date. 
 Level
 2
: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level
 3
: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. The exercise of judgment is based in part on our knowledge of the asset class and our prior experience. 

13 

Table of Contents 
 Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our consolidated financial statements. 

 Competition 

Our primary competitors provide financing to middle-market companies and include other business development companies, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Additionally, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, frequently invest in middle-market companies. As a result, competition for investment opportunities at middle-market companies can be intense. While many middle-market companies were previously able to raise senior debt financing through traditional large financial institutions, we believe this approach to financing will become more difficult as implementation of U.S. and international financial reforms limits the capacity of large financial institutions to hold non-investment
 grade leveraged loans on their balance sheets. We believe that many of these financial institutions have de-emphasized
 their service and product offerings to middle-market companies in particular. 
 Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. We use the industry information available to Messrs. Gross and Spohler and the other investment professionals of SLR Capital Partners to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we believe that the relationships of Messrs. Gross and Spohler and the other investment professionals of our investment adviser enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive leveraged companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. 

 Staffing 

We do not currently have any employees. Mr. Gross, our Chairman and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer and board member, are managing members and senior investment professionals of, and have financial and controlling interests in, SLR Capital Partners. In addition, Mr. Richard Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary serves as the Chief Financial Officer for SLR Capital Partners. Guy Talarico, our Chief Compliance Officer, is a Managing Director of ACA Group, LLC, and performs his functions as our Chief Compliance Officer under the terms of an agreement between SLR Capital Management and ACA Group, LLC. SLR Capital Management has retained Mr. Talarico and ACA Group, LLC pursuant to its obligations under our Administration Agreement. 
 Our day-to-day

 investment operations are managed by SLR Capital Partners. Based upon its needs, SLR Capital Partners may hire additional investment professionals. In addition, we will reimburse SLR Capital Management for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, and the allocable portion of the cost of the company s chief compliance officer and chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14
 of the Securites Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act ), our co-chief
 executive officers and chief financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K,
 our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15
 of the 1934 Act, our management is required to prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and to obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K
 and Rule 13a-15
 of the 1934 Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

14 

Table of Contents 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

 Business Development Company Regulations 

A BDC is regulated by the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to those investments that constitute qualifying assets (as discussed below). A BDC may use capital provided by public stockholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A BDC provides stockholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly-traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. 

 We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 

 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

 As a BDC, we are required to meet an asset coverage ratio, reflecting the value of our total assets to our total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. 

 We are generally not able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share without annual stockholder approval. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if the Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. At this time, we do not have stockholder approval for such sales. 

 As a BDC, we were substantially limited in our ability to co-invest
 in privately negotiated transactions with affiliated funds until we obtained an exemptive order from the SEC. The most recent exemptive order, received on June 13, 2017 (the Exemptive Order ), permits us to participate in negotiated co-investment
 transactions with certain affiliates, each of whose investment adviser is an investment adviser that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with SLR Capital Partners and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions to the Exemptive Order. If we are unable to rely on the Exemptive Order for a particular opportunity, such opportunity will be allocated first to the entity whose investment strategy is the most consistent with the opportunity being allocated, and second, if the terms of the opportunity are consistent with more than one entity s investment strategy, on an alternating basis. Although our investment professionals will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, we and our common stockholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated among us and other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, directors and members of our investment adviser. 
 We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the federal securities laws, including the 1940 Act. 

 Qualifying Assets 

Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 

 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

15 

Table of Contents 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC); and 

 (c) satisfies any of the following: 

 i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

 ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting
 common equity of less than 250 million; 
 iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; or 

 iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million. 

 (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control, which, as defined by the 1940 Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. 

 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

 (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

 (7) Office furniture and equipment, interests in real estate and leasehold improvements and facilities maintained to conduct the business operations of the BDC, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other noninvestment assets necessary and appropriate to its operations as a BDC, including notes of indebtedness of directors, officers, employees, and general partners held by a BDC as payment for securities of such company issued in connection with an executive compensation plan described in Section 57(j) of the 1940 Act. 

 Under Section 55(b) of the 1940 Act, the value of a BDC s assets shall be determined as of the date of the most recent financial statements filed by such company with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 of the 1934 Act, and shall be determined no less frequently than annually. 

 Significant Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 

As a BDC, we offer, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies that constitute qualifying assets. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. We may also receive fees for these services. SLR Capital Management provides such managerial assistance, if any, on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 

 Temporary Investments 

Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality investment grade debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such repurchase agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. SLR Capital Partners will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

16 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Securities 

We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while certain senior securities remain outstanding, we may be required to make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. We may borrow money, which would magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. 

 Code of Ethics 

We and SLR Capital Partners have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1
 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1
 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. Our codes of ethics generally do not permit investments by our employees in securities that may be purchased or held by us. Each code of ethics is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet site at http://www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following Email address: publicinfo@sec.gov. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 

We and our investment adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws. We are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and to designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for their administration. Guy Talarico currently serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. 

 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our investment adviser. A summary of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by the adviser and our non-interested
 directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, SLR Capital Partners has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, it recognizes that it must vote securities held by its clients in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6
 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Our investment adviser votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in the best interest of our stockholders. SLR Capital Partners reviews on a case-by-case

 basis each proposal submitted for a proxy vote to determine its impact on our investments. Although it generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our investments, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. The proxy voting decisions of our investment adviser are made by the senior investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring each of our investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, it requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to a managing member of SLR Capital Partners any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote, and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: SLR Capital Partners, LLC, 500 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022. 

 Privacy Principles 

We endeavor to maintain the privacy of our recordholders and to safeguard their non-public
 personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share such information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we will not receive any non-public
 personal information about the recordholders of the common stock of the Company, although certain of our recordholders non-public
 information may become available to us. The non-public
 personal information that we may receive falls into the following categories: 

17 

Table of Contents 

Information we receive from recordholders, whether we receive it orally, in writing or electronically. This includes recordholders communications to us concerning their investment; 

Information about recordholders transaction history with us; and 

Other general information that we may obtain about recordholders, such as demographic and contact information such as address. 

We disclose non-public
 person information about recordholders: 

to our affiliates (such as SLR and our administrator) and their employees for everyday business purposes; 

to our service providers (such as our accountants, attorneys, custodians, transfer agent, underwriter and proxy solicitors) and their employees as is necessary to service recordholder accounts or otherwise provide the applicable service; 

to comply with court orders, subpoenas, lawful discovery requests, or other legal or regulatory requirements; or 

as allowed or required by applicable law or regulation. 

When the Company shares non-public
 recordholder personal information referred to above, the information is made available for limited business purposes and under controlled circumstances designed to protect our recordholders privacy. The Company does not permit use of recordholder information for any non-
 business or marketing purpose, nor does the Company permit third parties to rent, sell, trade or otherwise release or disclose information to any other party. 
 The Company s service providers, such as SLR, its administrator, and its transfer agent, are required to maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect recordholder non-public
 personal information; to prevent unauthorized access or use; and to dispose of such information when it is no longer required. 
 Personnel of affiliates may access recordholder information only for business purposes. The degree of access is based on the sensitivity of the information and on personnel need for the information to service a recordholder s account or comply with legal requirements. 

 If a recordholder ceases to be a recordholder, we will adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described above. We may choose to modify our privacy policies at any time. Before we do so, we will notify recordholders and provide a description of our privacy policy. 

 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 

As a BDC, we elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income

 and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which generally is our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). If we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any ordinary income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed not distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year
 period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and net capital gains that we recognized in preceding years, but were not distributed during such years, and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). 

18 

Table of Contents 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

at all times during each taxable year, have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership; and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) the securities of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships. 

We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with payment-in-kind

 PIK income or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 Because we may use debt financing, we will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 

 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 gross income test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 

 Gain or loss realized by us from the sale or exchange of warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. The treatment of such gain or loss as long-term or short-term will depend on how long we have held a particular warrant. Upon the exercise of a warrant acquired by us, our tax basis in the stock purchased under the warrant will equal the sum of the amount paid for the warrant plus the strike price paid on the exercise of the warrant. 

 Failure to Qualify as a Regulated Investment Company 

If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would distributions be required. Such distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as dividends and, provided certain holding period and other requirements were met, could qualify for treatment as qualified dividend income in the hands of non-corporate
 stockholders (and thus eligible for the current 20 maximum rate) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. To requalify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the non-qualifying
 year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in
 gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent 5 years, unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on such built-in
 gain at the time of our requalification as a RIC. 

19 

Table of Contents 
 Investment Advisory Fees 

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay SLR Capital Partners a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and a performance-based incentive fee. 

 The base management fee is determined by taking the average value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters calculated at an annual rate of 1.50 on gross assets up to 200 of the Company s total net assets as of the immediately preceding quarter end and 1.00 on gross assets that exceed 200 of the Company s total net assets as of the immediately preceding quarter end. For purposes of computing the base management fee, gross assets exclude temporary assets acquired at the end of each fiscal quarter for purposes of preserving investment flexibility in the next fiscal quarter. Temporary assets include, but are not limited to, U.S. treasury bills, other short-term U.S. government or government agency securities, repurchase agreements or cash borrowings. 

 The performance-based incentive fee has two parts, as follows: one is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive
 fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement to SLR Capital Management, and any interest expense and dividend paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the performance-based incentive fee). Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay in kind income and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle of 1.75 per quarter (7.00 annualized). Our net investment income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our gross assets used to calculate the 1.50 base management fee. We pay SLR Capital Partners an incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 

no performance-based incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle of 1.75 ; 

100 of our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.1875 in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.1875 as the catch-up. 
 The catch-up 
 is meant to provide our investment adviser with 20 of our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income as if a hurdle did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 2.1875 in any calendar quarter; and 

20 of the amount of our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized) is payable to SLR Capital Partners (once the hurdle is reached and the catch-up
 is achieved, 20 of all pre-incentive
 fee investment income thereafter is allocated to SLR Capital Partners). 
 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-related portion of the performance-based incentive fee: 

 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income 

Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income 

 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

20 

Table of Contents 
 Percentage of pre-incentive
 fee net investment income 

 allocated to SLR Capital Partners 

These calculations are appropriately pro-rated
 for any period of less than three months. You should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to our investment adviser with respect to pre-incentive
 fee net investment income. 
 The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 20 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees with respect to each of the investments in our portfolio. 

 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation 

Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee ): 

Alternative 1: 

Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 

 Hurdle rate (1)
 = 1.75 

 Management fee (2)
 = 0.375 

 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3)
 = 0.20 

 Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 0.675 

 Pre-incentive
 net investment income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2: 

Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.70 

 Hurdle rate (1)
 = 1.75 

 Management fee (2)
 = 0.375 

 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3)
 = 0.20 

 Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.125 

 Incentive fee = 100 pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, subject to the catch-up 
 (4)
 
 = 100 (2.125 1.75 

 = 0.375 

 Alternative 3: 

Assumptions 

Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.00 

 Hurdle rate (1)
 = 1.75 

 Management fee (2)
 = 0.375 

 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3)
 = 0.20 

 Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses)) = 2.425 

 Incentive fee = 20 pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, subject to catch-up 
 (4)
 
 Incentive fee = 100 catch-up 
 + (20 (pre-incentive
 fee net investment income 2.1875 )) 
 Catch-up
 = 2.1875 1.75 

21 

Table of Contents 
 = 0.4375 

 Incentive fee = (100 0.4375 + (20 (2.425 2.1875 )) 

 = 0.4375 + (20 0.2375 

 = 0.4375 + 0.0475 

 = 0.485 

) 
 
 The hypothetical amount of pre-incentive
 fee net investment income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. 
 
 (1)

Represents 7 annualized hurdle rate. 
 
 (2) 

Represents 1.50 annualized management fee. 
 
 (3)

Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 
 
 (4)

The catch-up 
 provision is intended to provide our investment adviser with an incentive fee of 20 on all of our pre-incentive
 fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.1875 in any calendar quarter. 
 Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: 

Alternative 1: 

Assumptions 

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B was determined to be 32 million 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million 

Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million 

The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 

Year 1: None 

Year 2: Capital gains incentive fee of 6 million 30 million realized capital gains on the sale of Investment A multiplied by 20 

Year 3: None 

5 million (20 multiplied by 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 6 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 

Year 4: Capital gains incentive fee of 200,000 

6.2 million 31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20 less 6 million (capital gains fee taken in Year 2) 

 Alternative 2: 

Assumptions 

Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 

Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million 

Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 

22 

Table of Contents 

Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 24 million 

Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million 

The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 

Year 1: None 

Year 2: 5 million capital gains incentive fee 

20 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on Investment A less unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 

Year 3: 1.4 million capital gains incentive fee (1)

6.4 million (20 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 5 million capital gains fee received in Year 2 

Year 4: None 

Year 5: None 

5 million (20 multiplied by 25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 35 million less realized capital losses of 10 million)) less 6.4 million cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3 

(1)
 
 As illustrated in Year 3 of Alternative 2 above, if the Company were to be wound up on a date other than December 31 of any year, the Company may have paid aggregate capital gain incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if the Company had been wound up on December 31 of such year. 

Payment of Our Expenses 

All investment professionals of the investment adviser and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by SLR Capital Partners. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): 

the cost of our organization and public offerings; 

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our shares and other securities; 

interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; 

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments, including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and advisory fees; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees, any stock exchange listing fees; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

23 

Table of Contents 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; and 

all other expenses incurred by either SLR Capital Management or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by SLR Capital Management in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief compliance officer and our chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 

Available Information 

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is (http://www.sec.gov)
. 
 Our internet address is www.slrinvestmentcorp.com
. We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K,
 and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K.
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware of various risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K before you
 decide whether to make an investment in our securities. The risks described in this document and set out below are not the only risks we face. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value and the trading price of our common stock could decline or the value of our preferred stock, debt securities, subscription rights or warrants may decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 

Risks Relating to Our Investments 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

Our investments are very risky and highly speculative. 

The lack of liquidity in our investments may make it difficult for us to dispose of our investments at a favorable price, which may adversely affect our ability to meet our investment objectives. 

Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of portfolio companies and industries, which will subject us to a risk of significant loss if any of these companies performs poorly or defaults on its obligations under any of its debt instruments or if there is a downturn in a particular industry. 

Economic sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. 

If we cannot obtain additional capital because of either regulatory or market price constraints, we could be forced to curtail or cease our new lending and investment activities, our net asset value could decrease and our level of distributions and liquidity could be affected adversely. 

We may suffer a loss if a portfolio company defaults on a loan and the underlying collateral is not sufficient. 

Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 

We may be exposed to higher risks with respect to our investments that include original issue discount or PIK interest. 

24 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Securities 

Our shares may trade at a substantial discount from net asset value and may continue to do so over the long term. 

Our common stock price may be volatile and may decrease substantially. 

Our business and operation could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of investment strategy and impact our stock price. 

If the current period of capital market disruption and instability continues for an extended period of time, there is a risk that investors in our equity securities may not receive distributions consistent with historical levels or at all or that our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. 

Due to disruptions in the economy, we may reduce or defer our dividends and choose to incur U.S. federal excise tax in order to preserve cash and maintain flexibility. 

We may choose to pay distributions in our own common stock, in which case our stockholders may be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes in excess of the cash distributions they receive. 

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

The net asset value per share of our common stock may be diluted if we issue or sell shares of our common stock at prices below the then current net asset value per share of our common stock or securities to subscribe for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

To the extent we use debt or preferred stock to finance our investments, changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 

We are dependent upon SLR Capital Partners key personnel for our future success. 

Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships with financial sponsors, and the inability of the senior investment professionals of our Investment Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 

Our financial condition and results of operations will depend on SLR Capital Partners ability to manage our future growth effectively by identifying, investing in and monitoring companies that meet our investment criteria. 

We may need to raise additional capital to grow because we must distribute most of our income. 

Any failure on our part to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility and we may be limited in our investment choices as a BDC. 

Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we will, raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 

We have and will continue to borrow money, which would magnify the potential for loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. 

It is likely that the terms of any current or future long-term or revolving credit or warehouse facility we may enter into in the future could constrain our ability to grow our business. 

There will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments, which may impact our net asset value. 

There are significant potential conflicts of interest, including SLR Capital Partners management of other investment funds such as SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC, and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC, which could impact our investment returns, and an investment in SLR Investment Corp. is not an investment in SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC, or SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC. 

We may be obligated to pay our Investment Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a loss. 

25 

Table of Contents 

Our incentive fee may induce SLR Capital Partners to pursue speculative investments. 

We may become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to qualify and maintain our qualification for tax treatment as a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the Code. 

The failure in cyber security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning could impair our ability to conduct business effectively.

Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure and accounting requirements that could adversely affect our business and financial results.

() 

() 

(1)
 
 Assumes 2.5 billion in total assets and 1.1 billion in total debt outstanding, which reflects our total assets and total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and a cost of funds of 4.09 . Excludes non-leverage related expenses.

It is likely that the terms of any current or future long-term or revolving credit or warehouse facility we may enter into in the future could constrain our ability to grow our business. 

Our current lenders have, and any future lender or lenders may have, fixed dollar claims on our assets that are senior to the claims of our stockholders and, thus, will have a preference over our stockholders with respect to our assets in the collateral pool. Our current credit facilities and borrowings also subject us to various financial and operating covenants, including, but not limited to, maintaining certain financial ratios and minimum tangible net worth amounts. Future credit facilities and borrowings will likely subject us to similar or additional covenants. In addition, we may grant a security interest in our assets in connection with any such credit facilities and borrowings. 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2.

Properties 

Our offices are located at 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022, and are provided by SLR Capital Management in accordance with the terms of the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

We and our consolidated subsidiaries are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or our consolidated subsidiaries. From time to time, we and our consolidated subsidiaries may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

55 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Common Stock 

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the
 symbol SLRC . 

() 

() 

0.41 

Third Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

Second Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

First Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

Fiscal 2021

Fourth Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

Third Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

Second Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

First Quarter

() 

() 

0.41 

(1)
 
 NAV per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the NAV per share on the date of the high and low sales prices. The net asset values shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of each period. 

(2)
 
 Calculated as of the respective high or low closing price divided by NAV and subtracting 1. 

(3)
 
 Represents the cash distribution for the specified quarter. 

On February 22, 2023 the last reported sales price of our common stock was 14.73 per share. As of February 22, 2023, we had 19 shareholders of record. 

Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the value of the net assets attributable to those shares. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value will decrease. Since our IPO on February 9, 2010, our shares of common stock have traded at both a discount and a premium to the net assets attributable to those shares. As of February 22, 2023, our shares of common stock traded at a discount equal to approximately 19.6 of the net assets attributable to those shares based upon our net asset value as of December 31, 2022. It is not possible to predict whether the shares offered hereby will trade at, above, or below net asset value. 

56 

Table of Contents 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 

Tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to stockholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. Future distributions, if any, will be determined by the Board. We expect that our distributions to stockholders will generally be from accumulated net investment income, from net realized capital gains or 
 non-taxable
 
return of capital, if any, as applicable.

We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax treatment, we must distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally available for distribution. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains i.e.

, net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. 

 We maintain an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash distributions. 

We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a business development company, we may in the future be limited in our ability to make distributions. Also, our revolving credit facility may limit our ability to declare distributions if we default under certain provisions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of the tax benefits available to us as a regulated investment company. In addition, in accordance with GAAP and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind

 income, which represents contractual income added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to obtain tax benefits as a regulated investment company. 

 With respect to the distributions to stockholders, income from origination, structuring, closing and certain other upfront fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are treated as taxable income and accordingly, distributed to stockholders. 

We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions at a particular level. 

All distributions declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan are generally automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock. As a result, stockholders that do not participate in the dividend reinvestment plan may experience dilution over time. Stockholders who do not elect to receive distributions in shares of common stock may experience accretion to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who participate in the plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the distribution payable to a stockholder. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Period

Total Number of Shares Purchased

Average Price Paid per Share

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (a) (in thousands)

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022

50,000

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022

27,813

14.06

27,813

49,609

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022

189,458

13.97

189,458

46,962

Total

217,271

217,271

(a)
 
 On May 3, 2022, the Board authorized a program to repurchase up to 50 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. Under the repurchase program, we may, but are not obligated to, repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock in the open market from time to time provided that we comply with our code of ethics and the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18
 of the 1934 Act, including certain price, market volume and timing constraints. In addition, any repurchases will be conducted in accordance with the 1940 Act. Unless amended or extended by our Board, we expect the repurchase program to be in place until the earlier of May 1, 2023 or until 50 million of our outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. The timing and number of shares to be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions. There are no assurances that we will engage in any repurchases. 

57 

Table of Contents 
 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

This graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s BDC Index, Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index, for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that a person invested 10,000 in each of the following: our common stock (SLRC), the S P BDC Index, the S P 500 Index, and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid are invested in additional shares of the same class of equity securities at the frequency with which dividends are paid of such securities during the applicable fiscal year. 

The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K
 shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the 1934 Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 FEES AND EXPENSES 

 The following table is intended to assist an investor in understanding the costs and expenses that you will bear directly or indirectly. We caution you that some of the percentages indicated in the table below are estimates and may vary. Except where the context suggests otherwise, whenever this report contains a reference to fees or expenses paid by us or SLRC, or that we will pay fees or expenses, you will indirectly bear such fees or expenses as an investor in SLR Investment Corp. 
 
 (1)

Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price)

(2)

Dividend reinvestment plan expenses

(3)

Total stockholder transaction expenses (as a percentage of offering price)

(2)

Annual expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to common stock) (4)
:

Base management fee

(5)

Incentive fees payable under our Investment Advisory and Management Agreement (up to 20 

(6)

Interest payments on borrowed funds

(7)

Acquired fund fees and expenses

(8)

Other expenses (estimated)

(9)

Total annual expenses

(1)

In the event that the shares of common stock are sold to or through underwriters, a corresponding prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load and the Example will be updated accordingly. 

(2)

The prospectus supplement corresponding to each offering will disclose the applicable offering expenses and total stockholder transaction expenses. 

(3)

The expenses of the dividend reinvestment plan are included in other expenses. 

(4)

Annual Expenses are presented in this manner because common shareholders will bear all costs of running the Company. 

(5)

Our 1.50 base management fee under the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement (giving effect to the Letter Agreement) is based on our gross assets, which is defined as all the assets of SLRC, excluding temporary assets, including those acquired using borrowings for investment purposes, and assumes our gross assets remain consistent with gross assets for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The base management fee is reduced to 1.00 on gross assets that exceed 200 of total net assets as of the immediately preceding quarter. 

(6)

Assumes that annual incentive fees earned by our investment adviser, SLR Capital Partners, remain consistent with the incentive fees earned by SLR Capital Partners for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The incentive fee consists of two parts: 

6 0

Table of Contents 
 Example 

The example and the expenses in the tables above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses, and actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown.

 While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . The incentive fee under the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, which, assuming a 5 annual return, would either not be payable or would have an insignificant impact on the expense amounts shown above, is not included in the example. This illustration assumes that we will not realize any capital gains (computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation) in any of the indicated time periods. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our expenses and returns to our investors would be higher. For example, if we assumed that we received our 5 annual return completely in the form of net realized capital gains on our investments, computed net of all cumulative unrealized depreciation on our investments, the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses set forth in the above illustration would be as follows: 

In addition, the example assumes no sales load. Also, while the example assumes reinvestment of all distributions at net asset value, participants in our dividend reinvestment plan will receive a number of shares of our common stock, determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a participant by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the distribution payment date, which may be at, above or below net asset value unless the company makes open market purchases and the shares received will be determined based on the average price paid by our agent, plus commissions. 

Item 6.

Reserved 

6 1

Table of Contents 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Some of the statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained herein involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our future operating results, including our ability to achieve objectives; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of any protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 

market conditions and our ability to access different debt markets and additional debt and equity capital; 

our expected financings and investments; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

changes in the political conditions and relations between the United States, Russia, Ukraine and other nations, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

changes in the general economy, slowing economy, rising inflation, risk of recession and risks in respect of a failure to increase the U.S. debt ceiling; and 

our ability to anticipate and identify evolving market expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, including the environmental impacts of our portfolio companies supply chain and operations. 

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 

an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

a contraction of available credit and/or an inability to access the equity markets could impair our lending and investment activities; 

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly because we use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; 

the risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and in our other filings with the SEC. 

We generally use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including any factors set forth in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

We have based the forward-looking statements included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including any annual reports on Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 and current reports on Form 8-K.

Overview 

Solar Capital LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, was formed in February 2007 and commenced operations on March 13, 2007 with initial capital of 1.2 billion of which 47.04 was funded by affiliated parties. 

62 

Table of Contents 
 SLR Investment Corp. (the Company , SLRC , we or our ), a Maryland corporation formed in November 2007, is a closed-end,
 externally managed, non-diversified
 management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Furthermore, as the Company is an investment company, it continues to apply the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946. In addition, for U.S federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 

 On February 9, 2010, we priced our initial public offering, selling 5.68 million shares of our common stock. Concurrent with our initial public offering, Michael S. Gross, our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, and Bruce Spohler, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, collectively purchased an additional 0.6 million shares of our common stock through a private placement transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 

 We invest primarily in privately held U.S. middle-market companies, where we believe the supply of primary capital is limited and the investment opportunities are most attractive. Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We invest primarily in leveraged middle-market companies in the form of senior secured loans, financing leases and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities. From time to time, we may also invest in public companies that are thinly traded. Our business is focused primarily on the direct origination of investments through portfolio companies or their financial sponsors. Our investments generally range between 5 million and 100 million each, although we expect that this investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base and/or with strategic initiatives. Our investment activities are managed by SLR Capital Partners, LLC (the Investment Adviser and supervised by the board of directors (the Board) , a majority of whom are non-interested,
 as such term is defined in the 1940 Act. SLR Capital Management, LLC (the Administrator provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. 

 In addition, we may invest a portion of our portfolio in other types of investments, which we refer to as opportunistic investments, which are not our primary focus but are intended to enhance our overall returns. These investments may include, but are not limited to, direct investments in public companies that are not thinly traded and securities of leveraged companies located in select countries outside of the United States. 

SUNS Merger 

On April 1, 2022, we completed our previously announced acquisition of SLR Senior Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation SUNS ). Pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement by and among us, SUNS, Solstice Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, the Investment Adviser, dated as of December 1, 2021, Merger Sub was first merged with and into SUNS, with SUNS as the surviving corporation, and, immediately following the Merger, SUNS was then merged with and into us, with us as the surviving company. In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Mergers, each outstanding share of SUNS s common stock was converted into the right to receive 0.7796 shares of our common stock (with SUNS s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock). As a result of the Mergers, we issued an aggregate of 12,511,825 shares of our common stock to former SUNS stockholders. 

The Mergers are accounted for as an asset acquisition of SLR Senior Investment Corp. by the Company in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC 805-50,
 Business Combinations Related Issues, with the fair value of total consideration paid in conjunction with the Mergers allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values as of the date of the Mergers. Generally, under asset acquisition accounting, acquiring assets in groups not only requires ascertaining the cost of the asset (or net assets), but also allocating that cost to the individual assets (or individual assets and liabilities) that make up the group. The cost of the group of assets acquired in an asset acquisition is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values of net identifiable assets acquired other than certain non-qualifying 
 assets (for example cash) and does not give rise to goodwill. The Company is the accounting survivor of the Mergers. The Mergers were considered a tax-free
 reorganization and the historical cost basis of the acquired SUNS investments are carried forward for tax purposes. 

 Letter Agreement 

On April 1, 2022, in connection with the consummation of the Mergers, we entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement pursuant to which the Investment Adviser voluntarily agreed to a permanent 25 basis point reduction of the annual base management fee rate payable by us to the Investment Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, resulting in an annual base management fee rate payable by us to the Investment Adviser of 1.50 on gross assets up to 200 of our total net assets. We retained the annual base management fee rate payable by us to the Investment Adviser of 1.00 on gross assets that exceed 200 of our total net assets. 

63 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments 

On January 10, 2023, the Board declared a monthly distribution of 0.136667 per share payable on February 2, 2023 to holders of record as of January 26, 2023. 
 On February 2, 2023, the Board declared a monthly distribution of 0.136667 per share payable on March 1, 2023 to holders of record as of February 16, 2023. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Board declared a monthly distribution of 0.136667 per share payable on April 4, 2023 to holders of record as of March 23, 2023. 
 Investments 

Our level of investment activity can and does vary substantially
 from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. As a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. The definition of eligible portfolio company includes certain public companies that do not have any securities listed on a national securities exchange and companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than 250 million. 

Revenue 

We generate revenue primarily in the form of interest and dividend income from the securities we hold and capital gains, if any, on investment securities that we may sell. Our debt investments generally have a stated term of three to seven years and typically bear interest at a floating rate usually determined on the basis of a benchmark London interbank offered rate LIBOR ), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), commercial paper rate, or the prime rate. Interest on our debt investments is generally payable monthly or quarterly but may be bi-monthly
 or semi-annually. In addition, our investments may provide payment-in-kind

 PIK income. Such amounts of accrued PIK income are added to the cost of the investment on the respective capitalization dates and generally become due at maturity of the investment or upon the investment being called by the issuer. We may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and, if applicable, consulting fees, etc. 

 Expenses 

All investment professionals of the investment adviser and their respective staffs, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by the Investment Adviser. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): 

the cost of our organization and public offerings; 

the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of our shares and other securities; 

interest payable on debt, if any, to finance our investments; 

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments, including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and advisory fees; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

64 

Table of Contents 

federal and state registration fees, any stock exchange listing fees; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; and 

all other expenses incurred by either SLR Capital Management or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by SLR Capital Management in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief compliance officer and our chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 

We expect our general and administrative operating expenses related to our ongoing operations to increase moderately in dollar terms. During periods of asset growth, we generally expect our general and administrative operating expenses to decline as a percentage of our total assets and increase during periods of asset declines. Incentive fees, interest expense and costs relating to future offerings of securities, among others, may also increase or reduce overall operating expenses based on portfolio performance, interest rate benchmarks, and offerings of our securities relative to comparative periods, among other factors. 

Macroeconomic Environment 

Credit markets continued to be under pressure during 2022 amid a risk-off
 environment and sustained macro-economic uncertainty due to record-high inflation, tighter financial conditions and growing recession risk. Central banks have remained focused on restoring price stability by raising interest rates and have signaled that growth may be hindered until inflation comes under control. 

SLR Credit Solutions 

On December 28, 2012, we acquired an equity interest in Crystal Capital Financial Holdings LLC Crystal Financial for 275 million in cash. Crystal Financial owned approximately 98 of the outstanding ownership interest in SLR Credit Solutions SLR Credit ), f/k/a Crystal Financial LLC. The remaining financial interest was held by various employees of SLR Credit, through their investment in Crystal Management LP. SLR Credit had a diversified portfolio of 23 loans having a total par value of approximately 400 million at November 30, 2012 and a 275 million committed revolving credit facility. On July 28, 2016, the Company purchased Crystal Management LP s approximately 2 equity interest in SLR Credit for approximately 5.7 million. Upon the closing of this transaction, the Company holds 100 of the equity interest in SLR Credit. On September 30, 2016, Crystal Capital Financial Holdings LLC was dissolved. As of December 31, 2022, total commitments to the revolving credit facility are 285 million. 

As of December 31, 2022, SLR Credit had 29 funded commitments to 25 different issuers with total funded loans of approximately 439.5 million on total assets of 460.7 million. As of December 31, 2021, SLR Credit had 22 funded commitments to 19 different issuers with total funded loans of approximately 287.4 million on total assets of 347.8 million. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the largest loan outstanding totaled 33.4 million and 35.0 million, respectively. For the same periods, the average exposure per issuer was 17.6 million and 15.1 million, respectively. SLR Credit s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to the Company, had approximately 224.3 million and 100.7 million of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, SLR Credit had net income of 7.5 million and 14.2 million, respectively, on gross income of 30.3 million and 34.0 million, respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in SLR Credit s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayments of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that SLR Credit will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. SLR Credit s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

SLR Equipment Finance 

On July 31, 2017, we acquired a 100 equity interest in NEF Holdings, LLC, which conducts its business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Nations Equipment Finance, LLC. Effective February 25, 2021, Nations Equipment Finance, LLC and its related companies are doing business as SLR Equipment Finance SLR Equipment ). SLR Equipment is an independent equipment finance company that provides senior secured loans and leases primarily to U.S. based companies. We invested 209.9 million in cash to effect the transaction, of which 145.0 million was invested in the equity of SLR Equipment through our wholly-owned consolidated taxable subsidiary NEFCORP LLC and our wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary NEFPASS LLC and 64.9 million was used to purchase certain leases and loans held by SLR Equipment through NEFPASS LLC. Concurrent with the transaction, SLR Equipment refinanced its existing senior secured credit facility into a 150.0 million non-recourse
 facility with an accordion feature to expand up to 250.0 million. In September 2019, SLR Equipment amended the facility, increasing commitments to 214.0 million with an accordion feature to expand up to 314.0, million and extended the maturity date of the facility to July 31, 2023. 

 As of December 31, 2022, SLR Equipment had 131 funded equipment-backed leases and loans to 59 different customers with a total net investment in leases and loans of approximately 190.8 million on total assets of 241.8 million. As of December 31, 2021, SLR Equipment had 135 funded equipment-backed leases and loans to 61 different customers with a total net investment in leases and loans of approximately 211.0 million on total assets of 264.0 million. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the largest position outstanding totaled 19.3 million and 19.2 million, respectively. For the same periods, the average exposure per customer was 3.2 million and 3.5 million, respectively. SLR Equipment s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to the Company, had approximately 115.0 million and 118.0 million of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, SLR Equipment had net losses of 2.9 million and 9.7 million, respectively, on gross income of 20.4 million and 22.9 million, respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in SLR Equipment s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayments of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that SLR Equipment will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. SLR Equipment s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC 

On November 3, 2020, the Company acquired 87.5 of the equity securities of Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC KBH through KBH Topco LLC KBHT ), a Delaware corporation. KBH is a residual focused independent mid-ticket
 lessor of equipment primarily to U.S. investment grade companies. The Company invested 216.6 million to effect the transaction, of which 136.6 million was invested to acquire 87.5 of KBHT s equity and 80.0 million in KBH s debt. The existing management team of KBH committed to continuing to lead KBH after the transaction. Following the transaction, the Company owns 87.5 of KBHT equity and the KBH management team owns the remaining 12.5 of KBHT s equity.

66 

Table of Contents 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, KBHT had total assets of 777.2 million and 738.4 million, respectively. For the same periods, debt recourse to KBHT totaled 222.1 million and 216.9 million, respectively, and non-recourse
 debt totaled 353.1 million and 323.8 million, respectively. None of the debt is recourse to the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, KBHT had net income of 13.3 million and 12.2 million, respectively, on gross income of 298.8 million and 245.9 million, respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in KBHT s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayments of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that KBHT will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. KBHT s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

SLR Healthcare ABL 

SUNS acquired an equity interest in SLR Healthcare ABL, f/k/a Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC SLR Healthcare on September 30, 2013. SLR Healthcare is a commercial finance company that originates, underwrites, and manages primarily secured, asset-based loans for small and mid-sized
 companies operating in the healthcare industry. SUNS initial investment in SLR Healthcare ABL was 32.8 million. The management team of SLR Healthcare co-invested
 in the transaction and continues to lead SLR Healthcare. As of September 30, 2022, SLR Healthcare s management team and the Company own approximately 7 and 93 of the equity in SLR Healthcare, respectively. SLRC acquired SLR Healthcare in connection with the Mergers on April 1, 2022. 

 Concurrent with the closing of the transaction, SLR Healthcare entered into a new, four-year, non-recourse,
 100 million credit facility with non-affiliates,
 which was expandable to 150 million under its accordion feature. Effective March 31, 2014, the credit facility was expanded to 105 million and again on June 27, 2014 to 110 million. On May 27, 2016, SLR Healthcare entered into a new 125 million credit facility which replaced the previously existing facility. The new facility has similar terms as compared to the previous facility and includes an accordion feature increase to 200 million and had a maturity date of May 27, 2020. On June 28, 2019, this 125 million facility was amended, extending the maturity date to June 28, 2023. 

 SLR Healthcare currently manages a highly diverse portfolio of directly-originated and underwritten senior-secured commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio totaled approximately 242.1 million of commitments with a total net investment in loans of 92.4 million on total assets of 108.7 million. As of December 31, 2021, the portfolio totaled approximately 183.5 million of commitments with a total net investment in loans of 81.6 million on total assets of 91.3 million. At December 31, 2022, the portfolio consisted of 41 issuers with an average balance of approximately 2.3 million versus 36 issuers with an average balance of approximately 2.3 million at December 31, 2021. All of the commitments in SLR Healthcare s portfolio are floating-rate, senior-secured, cash-pay
 loans. SLR Healthcare s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to us, had approximately 77 million and 60 million of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, SLR Healthcare had net income of 3.5 million and 0.7 million, respectively, on gross income of 11.6 million and 10.1 million, respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in SLR Healthcare s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayment of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that SLR Healthcare will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. SLR Healthcare s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

SLR Business Credit 

SUNS acquired 100 of the equity interests of North Mill Capital LLC NMC on October 20, 2017. NMC is a leading asset-backed lending commercial finance company that provides senior secured asset-backed financings to U.S. based small-to-medium-sized

businesses primarily in the manufacturing, services and distribution industries. SUNS invested approximately 51.0 million to effect the transaction. Subsequently, SUNS contributed 1 of its equity interest in NMC to ESP SSC Corporation. Immediately thereafter, SUNS and ESP SSC Corporation contributed their equity interests to NorthMill LLC North Mill ). On May 1, 2018, North Mill merged with and into NMC, with NMC being the surviving company. SUNS and ESP SSC Corporation then owned 99 and 1 of the equity interests of NMC, respectively. The management team of NMC continues to lead NMC. On June 28, 2019, North Mill Holdco LLC NM Holdco ), a newly formed entity and ESP SSC Corporation acquired 100 of Summit Financial Resources, a Salt Lake City-based provider of asset-backed financing to small and medium-sized
 businesses. As part of this transaction, SUNS 99 interest in the equity of NMC was contributed to NM Holdco. This approximately 15.5 million transaction was financed with borrowings on NMC s credit facility. Effective February 25, 2021, NMC and its related companies are doing business as SLR Business Credit. On June 3, 2021, NMC acquired 100 of Fast Pay Partners LLC, a Los Angeles-based provider of asset-backed financing to digital media companies. The transaction purchase price of 66.7 million was financed with equity from SUNS of 19.0 million and borrowings on NMC s credit facility of 47.7 million. SLRC acquired SLR Business Credit in connection with the Mergers on April 1, 2022. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 SLR Business Credit currently manages a highly diverse portfolio of directly-originated and underwritten senior-secured commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio totaled approximately 603.4 million of commitments, of which 286.0 million were funded, on total assets of 332.2 million

 . As of December 31, 2021, the portfolio totaled approximately 513.9 million of commitments, of which 248.7 million were funded, on total assets of 290.8 million. At December 31, 2022, the portfolio consisted of 108 issuers with an average balance of approximately 2.6 million versus 125 issuers with an average balance of approximately 2.0 million at December 31, 2021. NMC has a senior credit facility with a bank lending group for 285.3 million, which expires on November 13, 2025. Borrowings are secured by substantially all of NMC s assets. NMC s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to us, had approximately 214.4 million and 183.3 million of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, SLR Business Credit had net income of 3.9 million and 7.3 million, respectively, on gross income of 29.4 million and 24.0 million, respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in SLR Business Credit s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayments of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that SLR Business Credit will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. SLR Business Credit s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

Stock Repurchase Program 

On May 3, 2022, our Board authorized a program for the purpose of repurchasing up to 50 million of our outstanding shares of common stock. Under the repurchase program, we may, but are not obligated to, repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock in the open market from time to time provided that we comply with our code of ethics and the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18
 of the 1934 Act, including certain price, market volume and timing constraints. In addition, any repurchases will be conducted in accordance with the 1940 Act. Unless amended or extended by our Board, we expect the repurchase program to be in place until the earlier of May 1, 2023 or until 50 million of our outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. The timing and number of shares to be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions. There are no assurances that we will engage in any repurchases beyond what is reported herein. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 217,271 shares at an average price of approximately 13.98 per share, inclusive of commissions. The total dollar amount of shares repurchased was 3.0 million. 

 SLR Senior Lending Program LLC 

On October 12, 2022, the Company entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement with Sunstone Senior Credit L.P. (the Investor to create a joint venture vehicle, SLR Senior Lending Program LLC SSLP ). SSLP is expected to invest primarily in senior secured cash flow loans. The Company and the Investor each have made initial equity commitments of 50 million, resulting in a total equity commitment of 100 million. Investment decisions and all material decisions in respect of SSLP must be approved by representatives of the Company and the Investor. 

On December 1, 2022, SSLP commenced operations. On December 12, 2022, SSLP as servicer and SLR Senior Lending Program SPV LLC SSLP SPV ), a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary of SSLP, as borrower entered into a 100 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the SSLP Facility with Goldman Sachs Bank USA acting as administrative agent. The SSLP Facility is scheduled to mature on December 12, 2027. The SSLP Facility generally bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus 3.25 . SSLP and SSLP SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SSLP Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. There were no borrowings during the period December 12, 2022 and December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022 the Company and the Investor had contributed combined equity capital in the amount of 19.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Investor s remaining commitments to SSLP totaled 40.5 million and 40.5 million, respectively. The Company, along with the Investor, controls the funding of SSLP, and SSLP may not call the unfunded commitments of the Company or the Investor without approval of both the Company and the Investor. 

As of December 31, 2022, SSLP had total assets of 19.1 million. SSLP s portfolio consisted of floating rate senior secured loans to seven (7) different borrowers. For the period December 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, SSLP invested 18.1 million in seven (7) portfolio companies. Investments prepaid totaled 0.1 million for the same period. 

68 

Table of Contents 
 SSLP Portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Description

Industry

Spread Above Index (1)

Floor

Interest Rate (2)

Maturity Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value (3)

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. (4)

Diversified Financial Services

S+600

1.00 

10.84 

2/29/24

2,494

2,494

2,494

BayMark Health Services, Inc. (4)

Health Care Providers Services

L+500

1.00 

9.73 

6/11/27

2,992

2,992

2,992

ENS Holdings III Corp. ES Opco USA LLC (4)

Trading Companies Distributors

L+475

1.00 

9.43 

12/31/25

1,097

1,097

1,097

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC (4)

Personal Products

L+550

1.00 

10.15 

2/12/27

2,963

2,963

2,963

High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)

Insurance

L+600

0.75 

10.73 

4/16/28

2,494

2,494

2,494

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC (4)

Health Care Providers Services

L+625

1.00 

10.39 

2/25/26

3,000

3,000

3,030

Kid Distro Holdings, LLC (4)

Software

L+575

1.00 

10.48 

10/1/27

2,992

2,992

2,992

18,032

18,062

(1)
 
 Floating rate instruments accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR or SOFR. These instruments are typically subject to a LIBOR or SOFR floor. 

(2)
 
 Floating rate debt investments typically bear interest at a rate determined by reference to either the LIBOR L or SOFR S ), and which typically reset monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. For each debt investment we have provided the current interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

(3)
 
 Represents the fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of such fair value is not included in the Board s valuation process described elsewhere herein. 

(4)
 
 The Company also holds this security on its Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

Below is certain summarized financial information for SSLP as of December 31, 2022 and for the period December 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022

Selected Balance Sheet Information for SSLP (in thousands):

Investments at fair value (cost 18,032)

18,062

Cash and other assets

1,043

Total assets

19,105

Debt outstanding

Interest payable and other credit facility related expenses

165

Accrued expenses and other payables

89

Total liabilities

254

Members equity

18,851

Total liabilities and members equity

19,105

69 

Table of Contents 

For the Period December 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022

Selected Income Statement Information for SSLP (in thousands):

Interest income

152 

Service fees 

4 

Interest and other credit facility expenses

166 

Organizational costs

73 

Other general and administrative expenses

88 

Total expenses

331 

Net investment loss

(179) 

Realized gain on investments

Net change in unrealized gain on investments

30 

Net realized and unrealized gain on investments

30 

Net loss

(149) 

Service fees are included within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations as other income. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following items as critical accounting policies. Within the context of these critical accounting policies and disclosed subsequent events herein, we are not currently aware of any other reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different amounts being reported. 

 Valuation of Portfolio Investments 

In December 2020, the SEC adopted new Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act addressing fair valuation of fund investments. The new rule sets forth requirements for good faith determinations of fair value, as well as for the performance of fair value determinations, including related oversight and reporting obligations. The new rule also defines readily available market quotations for purposes of the definition of value under the 1940 Act, and the SEC noted that this definition will apply in all contexts under the 1940 Act. The Company will comply with Rule 2a-5 s
 valuation requirements. 
 We conduct the valuation of our assets, pursuant to which our net asset value is determined, at all times consistent with GAAP, and the 1940 Act. The Board will (1) periodically assess and manage valuation risks; (2) establish and apply fair value methodologies; (3) test fair value methodologies; (4) oversee and evaluate third-party pricing services, as applicable; (5) oversee the reporting required by Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act; and (6) maintain recordkeeping requirements under Rule 2a-5.
 
 It is anticipated that in respect of many of the Company s assets, readily available market quotations will not be obtainable and that such assets will be valued at fair value. A market quotation is readily available for a security only when that quotation is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investments that the Company can access at the measurement date, provided that a quotation will not be readily available if it is not reliable. If the Company anticipates using a market quotation for a security, it will also monitor for circumstances that may necessitate the use of fair value, such as significant events that may cause concern over the reliability of a market quotation. 

 Our valuation procedures are set forth in more detail in Note 2(b) to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our consolidated financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our consolidated financial statements. 

70 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue Recognition 

The Company records dividend income and interest, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis. Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest and/or dividends in cash are generally placed on non-accrual
 status when principal or interest/dividend cash payments are past due 30 days or more (90 days or more for equipment financing) and/or when it is no longer probable that principal or interest/dividend cash payments will be collected. Such non-accrual
 investments are restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest or dividends are paid in cash, and in management s judgment, are likely to continue timely payment of their remaining interest or dividend obligations. Interest or dividend cash payments received on investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Some of our investments may have contractual PIK income. PIK income computed at the contractual rate, as applicable, is accrued and reflected as a receivable up to the capitalization date. PIK investments offer issuers the option at each payment date of making payments in cash or in additional securities. When additional securities are received, they typically have the same terms, including maturity dates and interest rates as the original securities issued. On these payment dates, the Company capitalizes the accrued interest or dividends receivable (reflecting such amounts as the basis in the additional securities received). PIK generally becomes due at the maturity of the investment or upon the investment being called by the issuer. At the point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the PIK investment will be placed on non-accrual
 status. When a PIK investment is placed on non-accrual
 status, the accrued, uncapitalized interest or dividends is reversed from the related receivable through interest or dividend income, respectively. The Company does not reverse previously capitalized PIK income. Upon capitalization, PIK is subject to the fair value estimates associated with their related investments. PIK investments on non-accrual
 status are restored to accrual status if the Company again believes that PIK is expected to be realized. Loan origination fees, original issue discount, and market discounts are capitalized and amortized into income using the effective interest method. Upon the prepayment of a loan, any unamortized loan origination fees are recorded as interest income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and other investments as interest income when we receive such amounts. Capital structuring fees are recorded as other income when earned. 
 The typically higher yields and interest rates on PIK securities, to the extent we invested, reflects the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with such instruments and that such investments may represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans. PIK securities may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral. PIK income has the effect of generating investment income and increasing the incentive fees payable at a compounding rate. In addition, the deferral of PIK income also increases the loan-to-value

 ratio at a compounding rate. PIK securities create the risk that incentive fees will be paid to the Investment Adviser based on non-cash
 accruals that ultimately may not be realized, but the Investment Adviser will be under no obligation to reimburse the Company for these fees. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, capitalized PIK income totaled 4.3 million and 7.6 million, respectively. 
 Net Realized Gain or Loss and Net Change in Unrealized Gain or Loss 

We generally measure realized gain or loss by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized origination or commitment fees and prepayment penalties. The net change in unrealized gain or loss reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized gain or loss, when gains or losses are realized. Gains or losses on investments are calculated by using the specific identification method. 

 Income Taxes 

SLRC, a U.S. corporation, has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. In order to qualify for U.S. federal income taxation as a RIC, the Company is required, among other things, to timely distribute to its stockholders at least 90 of investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a given tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year distributions, the Company accrues an estimated excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income. 

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04,
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04
 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company has determined that the adoption of this guidance has not had a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Results comparisons are for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Item 7 of the Company s report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 1, 2022, which is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Investment Income 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross investment income totaled 177.5 million and 139.4 million, respectively. The increase in gross investment income for the year over year period was primarily due to a larger portfolio size as a result of the Mergers coupled with organic growth, as well as due to an increase in loan reference rates. 

 Expenses 

Net expenses totaled 101.1 million and 78.4 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which 45.1 million and 38.6 million, respectively, were base management fees and performance-based incentive fees and 46.1 million and 29.9 million, respectively, were interest and other credit facility expenses. Other general and administrative expenses totaled 11.5 million and 10.0 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Over the same periods, 1.5 million and 0.0 million of performance-based incentive fees were waived. Expenses generally consist of management and performance-based incentive fees, interest and other credit facility expenses, administrative services fees, insurance expenses, legal fees, directors fees, transfer agency fees, printing and proxy expenses, audit and tax services expenses, and other general and administrative expenses. Interest and other credit facility expenses generally consist of interest, unused fees, agency fees and loan origination fees, if any, among others. The increase in expenses for the year over year period was primarily due to higher interest expense associated with an increase in borrowings to fund new investments as well as the increase in reference rates. 

 Net Investment Income 

The Company s net investment income totaled 76.4 million and 60.9 million, or 1.48 and 1.44, per average share, respectively, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Net Realized Gain (Loss) 

The Company had investment sales and prepayments totaling approximately 532 million and 468 million, respectively, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net realized gain (loss) over the same periods were 36.5) million and 0.03 million, respectively. Net realized losses for fiscal year 2022 were primarily related to the exit of our investment in PhyMed Management, LLC. Net realized gain for fiscal year 2021 was de minimis. 

 Net Change in Unrealized Loss 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net change in unrealized loss on the Company s assets and liabilities totaled 21.5 million and 1.4 million, respectively. Net unrealized loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to depreciation in the value of our investments in American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd., RD Holdco, Inc., SLR Credit Solutions and SLR Equipment Finance, among others, partially offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized depreciation on our investment in PhyMed Management LLC as well as appreciation on the value of our investments in SLR Business Credit and KBH Topco, LLC in addition to unrealized appreciation on assets acquired in the Mergers due to the accounting treatment of the purchase discount. Net unrealized loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily due to depreciation in the value of our investments in American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd., Rug Doctor and SOAGG LLC, among others, partially offset by appreciation in the value of our investments in KBH Topco, LLC, SLR Credit Solutions and PhyMed Management LLC, among others. 

 Net Increase in Net Assets From Operations 

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of 18.3 million and 59.6 million, respectively. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, earnings per average share were 0.35 and 1.41, respectively. 

72 

Table of Contents 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The Company s liquidity and capital resources are generated and generally available through its Credit Facility and SPV Credit Facility (as defined below), the 2023 Unsecured Notes, the 2024 Unsecured Notes, the 2025 Unsecured Notes, the 2026 Unsecured Notes, the 2027 Unsecured Notes and the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes, through cash flows from operations, investment sales, prepayments of senior and subordinated loans, income earned on investments and cash equivalents, and periodic follow-on
 equity and/or debt offerings. As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 401.8 million of unused borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility and SPV Credit Facility, subject to borrowing base limits. 
 We may from time to time issue equity and/or debt securities in either public or private offerings. The issuance of such securities will depend on future market conditions, funding needs and other factors and there can be no assurance that any such issuance will occur or be successful. The primary uses of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for investments in portfolio companies, repayment of indebtedness, cash distributions to our stockholders, or for other general corporate purposes. 

 On April 1, 2022, we entered into an assumption agreement (the CF Assumption Agreement ), effective as of the closing of the Mergers. The CF Assumption Agreement relates to our assumption of the Revolving Credit Facility, originally entered into on August 26, 2011 (as amended from time to time, the SPV Credit Facility ), by and among SUNS SPV LLC (the SUNS SPV ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SUNS, acting as borrower, Citibank, N.A., acting as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto. Currently, the commitment under the SPV Credit Facility is 225 million; however, the commitment can also be expanded up to 600 million. The stated interest rate on the SPV Credit Facility is LIBOR plus 2.00 -2.50 
 with no LIBOR floor requirement and the current final maturity date is June 1, 2026. The SPV Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets held by SUNS SPV. Under the terms of the SPV Credit Facility and related transaction documents, we as successor to SUNS, and SUNS SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SPV Credit Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. 
 On April 1, 2022, we entered into an assumption agreement (the Note Assumption Agreement ), effective as of the closing of the Mergers. The Note Assumption Agreement relates to our assumption of 85 million in aggregate principal amount of five-year, 3.90 senior unsecured notes, due March 31, 2025 (the 2025 Unsecured Notes and other obligations of SUNS under the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020 (the Note Purchase Agreement ), among SUNS and certain institutional investors. Interest on the 2025 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on March 31 and September 30. Pursuant to the Note Assumption Agreement, we expressly assumed on behalf of SUNS the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on all the 2025 Unsecured Notes outstanding, and the due and punctual performance and observance of every covenant and every condition of the Note Purchase Agreement, to be performed or observed by SUNS. 

 On January 6, 2022, the Company closed a private offering of 135 million of the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.33 and a maturity date of January 6, 2027. Interest on the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on January 6 and July 6. The 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 28, 2021, the Company closed on Amendment No. 1 to its August 28, 2019 senior secured credit agreement (the Credit Facility ). Following the amendment and a November 2022 upsizing, the Credit Facility is composed of 625 million of revolving credit and 100 million of term loans. Borrowings generally bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus a range of 1.75 -2.00 
 or the alternate base rate plus 0.75 -1.00 .
 The Credit Facility has a 0 floor and matures in December 2026 and includes ratable amortization in the final year. 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company closed a private offering of 50 million of the 2027 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.95 and a maturity date of March 14, 2027. Interest on the 2027 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on March 14 and September 14. The 2027 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 18, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of 125 million of the 2024 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.20 and a maturity date of December 15, 2024. Interest on the 2024 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. The 2024 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 18, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of 75 million of the 2026 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.375 and a maturity date of December 15, 2026. Interest on the 2026 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. The 2026 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 28, 2017, the Company closed a private offering of 21 million of the 2022 Tranche C Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.50 and a maturity date of December 28, 2022. Interest on the 2022 Tranche C Notes is due semi-annually on June 28 and December 28. The 2022 Tranche C Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 On November 22, 2017, we issued 75 million in aggregate principal amount of publicly registered 2023 Unsecured Notes for net proceeds of 73.8 million. Interest on the 2023 Unsecured Notes is paid semi-annually on January 20 and July 20, at a fixed rate of 4.50 per year, commencing on January 20, 2018. The 2023 Unsecured Notes mature on January 20, 2023. 

 On February 15, 2017, the Company closed a private offering of 100 million of the 2022 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.60 and a maturity date of May 8, 2022. Interest on the 2022 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on May 8 and November 8. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On November 8, 2016, the Company closed a private offering of 50 million of the 2022 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.40 and a maturity date of May 8, 2022. Interest on the 2022 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on May 8 and November 8. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 

 On January 11, 2013, the Company closed its most recent follow-on
 public equity offering of 6.3 million shares of common stock raising approximately 146.9 million in net proceeds. The primary uses of the funds raised were for investments in portfolio companies, reductions in revolving debt outstanding and for other general corporate purposes. 
 Cash Equivalents 

We deem certain U.S. Treasury bills, repurchase agreements and other high-quality, short-term debt securities as cash equivalents. The Company makes purchases that are consistent with its purpose of making investments in securities described in paragraphs 1 through 3 of Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. From time to time, including at or near the end of each fiscal quarter, we consider using various temporary investment strategies for our business. One strategy includes taking proactive steps by utilizing cash equivalents as temporary assets with the objective of enhancing our investment flexibility pursuant to Section 55 of the 1940 Act. More specifically, from time to time we may purchase U.S. Treasury bills or other high-quality, short-term debt securities at or near the end of the quarter and typically close out the position on a net cash basis subsequent to quarter end. We may also utilize repurchase agreements or other balance sheet transactions, including drawing down on the Credit Facility, as deemed appropriate. The amount of these transactions or such drawn cash for this purpose is excluded from total assets for purposes of computing the asset base upon which the management fee is determined. We held approximately 420 million par amount in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 

 Debt 

Unsecured Notes 

On April 1, 2022, we entered into the Note Assumption Agreement, effective as of the closing of the Mergers. The Note Assumption Agreement relates to our assumption of 85 million of the 2025 Unsecured Notes and other obligations of SUNS under the Note Purchase Agreement, among SUNS and certain institutional investors. Interest on the 2025 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on March 31 and September 30. Pursuant to the Note Assumption Agreement, we expressly assumed on behalf of SUNS the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on all the 2025 Unsecured Notes outstanding, and the due and punctual performance and observance of every covenant and every condition of the Note Purchase Agreement, to be performed or observed by SUNS. 

 On January 6, 2022, the Company closed a private offering of 135 million of the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.33 and a maturity date of January 6, 2027. Interest on the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on January 6 and July 6. The 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On September 14, 2021, the Company closed a private offering of 50 million of the 2027 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.95 and a maturity date of March 14, 2027. Interest on the 2027 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on March 14 and September 14. The 2027 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 18, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of 125 million of the 2024 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.20 and a maturity date of December 15, 2024. Interest on the 2024 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. The 2024 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 18, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of 75 million of the 2026 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.375 and a maturity date of December 15, 2026. Interest on the 2026 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. The 2026 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

 On December 28, 2017, the Company closed a private offering of 21 million of the 2022 Tranche C Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.50 and a maturity date of December 28, 2022. Interest on the 2022 Tranche C Notes is due semi-annually on June 28 and December 28. The 2022 Tranche C Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 On November 22, 2017, we issued 75 million in aggregate principal amount of publicly registered 2023 Unsecured Notes for net proceeds of 73.8 million. Interest on the 2023 Unsecured Notes is paid semi-annually on January 20 and July 20, at a fixed rate of 4.50 per year, commencing on January 20, 2018. The 2023 Unsecured Notes mature on January 20, 2023. 

On February 15, 2017, the Company closed a private offering of 100 million of the 2022 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.60 and a maturity date of May 8, 2022. Interest on the 2022 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on May 8 and November 8. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 

On November 8, 2016, the Company closed a private offering of 50 million of the 2022 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of 4.40 and a maturity date of May 8, 2022. Interest on the 2022 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on May 8 and November 8. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 

Revolving Term Loan Facilities 

On April 1, 2022, we entered into the CF Assumption Agreement, effective as of the closing of the Mergers. The CF Assumption Agreement relates to our assumption of the SPV Credit Facility, by and among SUNS SPV, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SUNS, acting as borrower, Citibank, N.A., acting as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto. Currently, the commitment under the SPV Credit Facility is 225 million; however, the commitment can also be expanded up to 600 million. The stated interest rate on the SPV Credit Facility is LIBOR plus 2.00 -2.50 
 with no LIBOR floor requirement and the current final maturity date is June 1, 2026. The SPV Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets held by SUNS SPV. Under the terms of the SPV Credit Facility and related transaction documents, we as successor to SUNS, and SUNS SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SPV Credit Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. At December 31, 2022, outstanding USD equivalent borrowings under the SPV Credit Facility totaled 155.2 million. 

 On December 28, 2021, the Company closed on Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Facility. Following the amendment and a November 2022 upsizing, the Credit Facility is composed of 625 million of revolving credit and 100 million of term loans. Borrowings generally bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus a range of 1.75 -2.00 
 or the alternate base rate plus 0.75 -1.00 .
 The Credit Facility has a 0 floor and matures in December 2026 and includes ratable amortization in the final year. The Credit Facility may be increased up to 800 million with additional new lenders or an increase in commitments from current lenders. The Credit Facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. In addition, the Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants that among other things, require the Company to maintain a minimum shareholder s equity and a minimum asset coverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, outstanding USD equivalent borrowings under the Credit Facility totaled 393.0 million, composed of 293.0 million of revolving credit and 100.0 million of term loans. 

 Certain covenants on our issued debt may restrict our business activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial and operational covenants required by the Debt Instruments. 

Contractual Obligations 

A summary of our significant contractual payment obligations is as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period (in millions) 

Total

Less than 1 Year

1-3 Years

3-5 Years

More Than 5 Years

Revolving credit facilities (1)

448.2

448.2

Unsecured senior notes

545.0

75.0

210.0

260.0

Term loans

100.0

100.0

(1)
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 401.8 million of unused borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities, subject to borrowing base limits. 

7 5

Table of Contents 
 Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. 

We have also entered into two contracts under which we have future commitments: the Advisory Agreement, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser has agreed to serve as our investment adviser, and the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which the Administrator has agreed to furnish us with the facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day

 operations and provide on our behalf managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which we are required to provide such assistance. Payments under the Advisory Agreement are equal to (1) a percentage of the value of our average gross assets and (2) a two-part
 incentive fee. Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, technology systems, insurance and our allocable portion of the costs of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. Either party may terminate each of the Advisory Agreement and administration agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. See note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 On July 31, 2017, the Company, NEFPASS LLC and NEFCORP LLC entered into a servicing agreement. NEFCORP LLC was engaged to provide NEFPASS LLC with administrative services related to the loans and capital leases held by NEFPASS LLC. NEFPASS LLC may terminate this agreement upon 30 days written notice to NEFCORP LLC. 

On October 7, 2022, the Company commitment 50 million to SSLP and entered into a servicing agreement. SSLP engaged and retained the Company to provide certain administrative services relating to the facilities, supplies and necessary ongoing overhead support services for the operation of SSLP s ongoing business affairs in exchange for a fee. 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

Fiscal 2016

N/A 

Fiscal 2015

N/A 

Fiscal 2014

N/A 

Fiscal 2013

N/A 

SPV Credit Facility

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

2022 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

Fiscal 2016

N/A 

2022 Tranche C Notes

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

2023 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

2024 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

2025 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

2026 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

2027 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

2027 Series F Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

2042 Unsecured Notes

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

Fiscal 2016

Fiscal 2015

Fiscal 2014

Fiscal 2013

Senior Secured Notes

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

Fiscal 2016

N/A 

Fiscal 2015

N/A 

Fiscal 2014

N/A 

Fiscal 2013

N/A 

Term Loans

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

Fiscal 2016

N/A 

Fiscal 2015

N/A 

Fiscal 2014

N/A 

Fiscal 2013

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

SSLP Facility

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Total Senior Securities

Fiscal 2022

N/A 

Fiscal 2021

N/A 

Fiscal 2020

N/A 

Fiscal 2019

N/A 

Fiscal 2018

N/A 

Fiscal 2017

N/A 

Fiscal 2016

N/A 

Fiscal 2015

N/A 

Fiscal 2014

N/A 

Fiscal 2013

N/A 

(1) 
 Total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding (in thousands) at the end of the period presented. 

(2) 
 The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by all senior securities representing indebtedness. This asset coverage ratio is multiplied by one thousand to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. In order to determine the specific Asset Coverage Per Unit for each class of debt, the total Asset Coverage Per Unit is allocated based on the amount outstanding in each class of debt at the end of the period. As of December 31, 2022, asset coverage was 1 91
. 5
 . 

(3) 
 The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. 

(4) 
 Not applicable except for the 2042 Unsecured Notes which were publicly traded. The Average Market Value Per Unit is calculated by taking the daily average closing price during the period and dividing it by twenty-five dollars per share and multiplying the result by one thousand to determine a unit price per thousand consistent with Asset Coverage Per Unit. The average market value for the fiscal 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 periods was 100,175, 98,196, 94,301 and 93,392, respectively.
 The following is a schedule of financial highlights for the respective years: 

Year ended December 31, 2017

Year ended December 31, 2016

Year ended December 31, 2015

Year ended December 31, 2014

Year ended December 31, 2013

Per Share Data: (a)

Net asset value, beginning of year

21.74

20.79

22.05

22.50

22.70

Net investment income

1.62

1.68

1.52

1.56

1.91

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)

0.05

0.84

(1.18 

(0.43 

(0.22 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations

1.67

2.52

0.34

1.13

1.69

Distributions to stockholders (see note 8a):

From net investment income

(1.60 

(1.60 

(1.60 

(1.55 

(1.55 

From net realized gains

(0.46 

From return of capital

(0.05 

Anti-dilution

0.03

0.02

0.12

Net asset value, end of year

21.81

21.74

20.79

22.05

22.50

Per share market value, end of year

20.21

20.82

16.43

18.01

22.55

Total Return(b)

4.47

37.49

(0.29 

(13.58 

2.82

Net assets, end of year

921,605

918,507

882,698

936,568

995,637

Shares outstanding, end of year

42,260,826

42,248,525

42,464,762

42,465,162

44,244,195

Ratios to average net assets:

Net investment income

7.43

7.91

6.94

6.93

8.43

Operating expenses

5.80

6.25

3.84

4.24

5.82

Interest and other credit facility expenses 

2.35

2.73

1.68

1.50

1.99

Total expenses

8.15

8.98

5.52

5.74

7.81

Average debt outstanding

414,264

495,795

262,341

225,000

318,186

Portfolio turnover ratio

24.9

31.0

13.0

53.7

25.6

7 8

Table of Contents 

(a)
 
 Calculated using the average shares outstanding method. 

(b)
 
 Total return is based on the change in market price per share during the year and takes into account distributions, if any, reinvested in accordance with the dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not include a sales load. 

The ratio of operating expenses to average net assets and the ratio of total expenses to average net assets is shown net of a voluntary incentive fee waiver (see note 3). For the year ended December 31, 2015, the ratios of operating expenses to average net assets and total expenses to average net assets would be 4.02 and 5.70 , respectively, without the voluntary incentive fee waiver. 

Ratios shown without the non-recurring
 costs associated with the amendments and establishment of the Credit Facility and 2022 Unsecured Notes would be 2.29 , 2.39 , 1.68 , 1.50 and 1.74 , respectively for the years shown. 

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

From time to time and in the normal course of business, the Company may make unfunded capital commitments to current or prospective portfolio companies. Typically, the Company may agree to provide delayed-draw term loans or, to a lesser extent, revolving loan or equity commitments. These unfunded capital commitments always take into account the Company s liquidity and cash available for investment, portfolio and issuer diversification, and other considerations. Accordingly, the Company had the following unfunded capital commitments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively: 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

(in millions)

SLR Credit Solutions 

44.3

44.3

Outset Medical, Inc

35.1

Apeel Technology, Inc

32.8

CC SAG Holdings Corp. (Spectrum Automotive)

20.7

18.8

Human Interest, Inc

20.1

Glooko, Inc

17.9

25.1

World Insurance Associates, LLC

17.1

iCIMS, Inc

11.4

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc

8.8

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc

8.4

43.5

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc

8.2

3.7

Ardelyx, Inc

7.8

Luxury Asset Capital, LLC

7.5

RSC Acquisition, Inc

7.5

Cerapedics, Inc

6.7

Maurices, Incorporated

4.3

5.7

Kaseya, Inc

3.9

Vessco Midco Holdings, LLC

3.9

Copper River Seafoods, Inc

3.6

BDG Media, Inc

3.5

Meditrina, Inc

3.4

One Touch Direct, LLC

3.1

7.2

DeepIntent, Inc

3.1

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC

3.0

2.3

SCP Eye Care, LLC

2.8

Basic Fun, Inc

2.7

1.9

Kid Distro Holdings, LLC

2.7

2.7

Plastics Management, LLC

2.4

Southern Orthodontic Partners Management, LLC

1.9

Pediatric Home Respiratory Services, LLC

1.8

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc

1.7

1.4

Ultimate Baked Goods Midco LLC

1.6

0.8

Orthopedic Care Partners Management, LLC

1.6

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC

1.6

4.5

Composite Technology Acquisition Corp

1.5

NAC Holdings Corporation

1.5

4.8

SLR Healthcare ABL 

1.4

SPAR Marketing Force, Inc

1.3

RxSense Holdings LLC

1.3

Erie Construction Mid-west,
 LLC

1.3

Peter C. Foy Associates Insurance Services, LLC

1.1

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd

1.1

0.6

79 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

(in millions)

Montefiore Nyack Hospital

1.0 

Enverus Holdings, Inc

1.0 

SLR Equipment Finance

1.0 

5.0 

SunMed Group Holdings, LLC

0.8 

0.8 

GSM Acquisition Corp

0.8 

Tilley Distribution, Inc

0.5 

BayMark Health Services, Inc

0.4 

High Street Buyer, Inc

0.3 

TAUC Management, LLC

0.3 

ENS Holdings III Corp, LLC

0.1 

All State Ag Parts, LLC

0.1 

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc

23.0 

Inszone Mid, LLC

12.5 

Rezolute, Inc

5.7 

SOC Telemed, Inc

4.4 

RQM+ Corp

3.8 

MMIT Holdings, LLC

2.0 

Neuronetics, Inc

2.2 

Total Commitments

323.7 

226.7 

The Company controls the funding of the SLR Credit Solutions and SLR Healthcare commitments and may cancel them at its discretion. 

In addition to the above, please see SLR Senior Lending Program LLC herein where the Company has a remaining equity commitment of 40.5 million in which the Company also controls such funding. The credit agreements of the above loan commitments contain customary lending provisions and/or are subject to the portfolio company s achievement of certain milestones that allow relief to the Company from funding obligations for previously made commitments in instances where the underlying company experiences materially adverse events that affect the financial condition or business outlook for the company. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had sufficient cash available and/or liquid securities available to fund its commitments and had reviewed them for any appropriate fair value adjustment. 

 In the normal course of business, we invest or trade in various financial instruments and may enter into various investment activities with off-balance
 sheet risk, which may include forward foreign currency contracts. Generally, these financial instruments represent future commitments to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at future dates. These financial instruments contain varying degrees of off-balance
 sheet risk whereby changes in the market value or our satisfaction of the obligations may exceed the amount recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

80 

Table of Contents 
 Distributions 

The following table reflects the cash distributions per share on our common stock for the two most recent fiscal years and the current fiscal year to date: 

Date Declared

Record Date

Payment Date

Amount

Fiscal 2023

February 28, 2023

March 23, 2023 

April 4, 2023 

0.136667 

February 2, 2023

February 16, 2023 

March 1, 2023 

0.136667 

January 10, 2023

January 26, 2023 

February 2, 2023 

0.136667 

Total 2023

0.41 

Fiscal 2022

December 6, 2022

December 22, 2022 

January 5, 2023 

0.136667 

November 2, 2022

November 17, 2022 

December 1, 2022 

0.136667 

October 5, 2022

October 20, 2022 

November 2, 2022 

0.136667 

September 2, 2022

September 20, 2022 

October 4, 2022 

0.136667 

August 2, 2022

August 18, 2022 

September 1, 2022 

0.136667 

July 6, 2022

July 21, 2022 

August 2, 2022 

0.136667 

June 3, 2022

June 23, 2022 

July 5, 2022 

0.136667 

May 3, 2022

May 19, 2022 

June 2, 2022 

0.136667 

April 4, 2022

April 21, 2022 

May 3, 2022 

0.136667 

March 1, 2022

March 18, 2022 

April 1, 2022 

0.41 

Total 2022 

1.64 

Fiscal 2021

November 3, 2021

December 16, 2021 

January 5, 2022 

0.41 

August 3, 2021

September 23, 2021 

October 5, 2021 

0.41 

May 5, 2021

June 23, 2021 

July 2, 2021 

0.41 

February 24, 2021

March 18, 2021 

April 2, 2021 

0.41 

Total 2021

1.64 

Tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to stockholders on Form 1099 after the end of the calendar year. Future distributions, if any, will be determined by the Board. We expect that our distributions to stockholders will generally be from accumulated net investment income, from net realized capital gains or non-taxable
 return of capital, if any, as applicable. 
 We have elected to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax treatment, we must distribute at least 90
 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, out of the assets legally available for distribution. In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains i.e.

, net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may in the future decide to retain such capital gains for investment. 
 We maintain an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash distributions. 

 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, due to the asset coverage test applicable to us as a business development company, we may in the future be limited in our ability to make distributions. Also, the Credit Facility may limit our ability to declare distributions if we default under certain provisions. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of the tax benefits available to us as a regulated investment company. In addition, in accordance with GAAP and tax regulations, we include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as contractual payment-in-kind

 income, which represents contractual income added to the loan balance that becomes due at the end of the loan term, or the accrual of original issue or market discount. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our investment company taxable income to obtain tax benefits as a regulated investment company. 
 With respect to the distributions to stockholders, income from origination, structuring, closing and certain other upfront fees associated with investments in portfolio companies are treated as taxable income and accordingly, distributed to stockholders. 

81 

Table of Contents 
 Related Parties 

We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the following: 

We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser. Mr. Gross, our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and board member, are managing members and senior investment professionals of, and have financial and controlling interests in, the Investment Adviser. In addition, Mr. Richard Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary serves as the Chief Financial Officer for the Investment Adviser. 

The Administrator provides us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct day-to-day

 operations pursuant to our Administration Agreement. We reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and the compensation of our chief compliance officer, our chief financial officer and their respective staffs. 

We have entered into a license agreement with the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser has granted us a non-exclusive,
 royalty-free license to use the licensed marks SOLAR and SLR . 
 
 The Investment Adviser may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. For example, the Investment Adviser presently serves as investment adviser to SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC that focuses on investing primarily in senior secured loans, including non-traditional
 asset-based loans and first lien loans, SLR HC BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC whose principal focus is to invest directly and indirectly in senior secured loans and other debt instruments typically to middle market companies within the healthcare industry, and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC, an unlisted BDC focused on first lien senior secured floating rate loans. In addition, Michael S. Gross, our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, Bruce Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and Richard L. Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, serve in similar capacities for SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC. The Investment Adviser and certain investment advisory affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, the Investment Adviser or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side

 with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with the Investment Adviser s allocation procedures. On June 13, 2017, the Adviser received an exemptive order that permits the Company to participate in negotiated co-investment transactions
 with certain affiliates, in a manner consistent with the Company s investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to various conditions (the Order ). If the Company is unable to rely on the Order for a particular opportunity, such opportunity will be allocated first to the entity whose investment strategy is the most consistent with the opportunity being allocated, and second, if the terms of the opportunity are consistent with more than one entity s investment strategy, on an alternating basis. Although the Adviser s investment professionals will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, the Company and its stockholders could be adversely affected to the extent investment opportunities are allocated among us and other investment vehicles managed or sponsored by, or affiliated with, our executive officers, directors and members of the Adviser. 
 Related party transactions may occur among us, SLR Senior Lending Program LLC, SLR Senior Lending Program SPV LLC, SLR Credit, Equipment Operating Leases LLC, KBH, Loyer Capital LLC, SLR Business Credit, SLR Healthcare ABL and SLR Equipment. These transactions may occur in the normal course of business. No administrative or other fees are paid to the Investment Adviser by SLR Senior Lending Program LLC, SLR Senior Lending Program SPV LLC, SLR Credit, Equipment Operating Leases LLC, KBH, Loyer Capital LLC, SLR Business Credit, SLR Healthcare ABL or SLR Equipment. 

 In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our officers and directors. Our officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and the Maryland General Corporation Law. 

82 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Uncertainty with respect to the rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, risks in respect of a failure to increase the U.S. debt ceiling, the war in Ukraine and Russia and health epidemics and pandemics introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility has materially impacted and could continue to materially impact our market risks. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In a low interest rate environment, including a reduction of LIBOR and SOFR to zero, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may be compressed, reducing our net interest income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. Conversely, in a rising interest rate environment, such as the current economic environment, such difference could potentially increase thereby increasing our net investment income. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, certain investments in our comprehensive investment portfolio had floating interest rates. These floating rate investments were primarily based on floating LIBOR or SOFR and typically have durations of one to three months after which they reset to current market interest rates. Additionally, some of these investments have floors. The Company also has revolving credit facilities that are generally based on floating SOFR. Assuming no changes to our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and no new defaults by portfolio companies, a hypothetical one percent decrease in LIBOR and SOFR on our comprehensive floating rate assets and liabilities would decrease our net investment income by ten cents per average share over the next twelve months. Assuming no changes to our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and no new defaults by portfolio companies, a hypothetical one percent increase in LIBOR and SOFR on our comprehensive floating rate assets and liabilities would increase our net investment income by approximately ten cents per average share over the next twelve months. However, we may hedge against interest rate fluctuations from time to time by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in any benefits of certain changes in interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments. At December 31, 2022, we have no interest rate hedging instruments outstanding on our balance sheet. 

Increase (Decrease) in LIBOR and SOFR

(1.00) 

1.00 

Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income Per Share Per Year

(0.10) 

0.10 
 
 We may also have exposure to foreign currencies through various investments. These investments are converted into U.S. dollars at the balance sheet date, exposing us to movements in foreign exchange rates. In order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we may borrow from time to time in such currencies under our multi-currency revolving credit facility or enter into forward currency or similar contracts. 

83 

Table of Contents 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

85

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

86

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

88

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

89

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

90

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

91

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

92

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

102

84 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on our assessment, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by COSO. 

 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

85 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

SLR Investment Corp.: 

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of SLR Investment Corp. (and subsidiaries) (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

 Basis for Opinions 

The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with the custodian, portfolio companies or agents. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Fair value of investments and acquired investments 

As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures its investments at fair value. Further, as described in Note 17, the Company completed an asset acquisition of SLR Senior Investment Corp. s investments at fair value on April 1, 2022, which required the investments acquired to be measured at fair value as of that date. Investments are valued using a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as applicable. In determining the fair value of investments whose market quotations are not readily available, the Company makes subjective judgments and estimates using unobservable inputs. 

We identified the assessment of the fair value of investments with no readily determinable market value acquired from SLR Senior Investment Corp. as of April 1, 2022 (acquired investments), and the fair value of investments with no readily determinable market value as of December 31, 2022, as a critical audit matter. A high degree of auditor judgment was required to assess the Company s fair value assumptions. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to assess the (1) credit risk associated with the borrower and its ability to make interest and principal payments for debt investments and (2) selection of comparable companies and the financial performance multiples of such comparable companies used in the market approach for equity investments. Additionally, the involvement of valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge was required to assist in evaluating the Company s fair value estimates. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to measure the fair value of investments, including controls related to the development of the above assumptions. For recently purchased investments we evaluated changes in the borrowers assessed credit risk and market yields of similar instruments from the purchase date (prior to April 1, 2022 for the acquired investments and prior to December 31, 2022 for investments not acquired from SLR Senior Investment Corp.) to the fair value measurement date of April 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively. We evaluated the Company s ability to estimate fair value by comparing dispositions to the Company s most recent fair value estimate prior to the disposition. We also involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who for a selection of acquired investments and investments as of April 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, respectively, developed estimates of fair value by assessing available market information using market yields of comparable companies of similar credit risk for debt investments fair valued using an income approach, and financial performance multiples of comparable companies for equity investments fair valued using a market approach, and compared the results to the Company s fair value estimates. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007.

New York, New York
 February 28, 2023
 
 8 7

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets

Investments at fair value:

Companies less than 5 owned (cost: and , respectively)

Companies more than 25 owned (cost: and , respectively)

Cash

Cash equivalents (cost: and , respectively)

Dividends receivable

Interest receivable

Receivable for investments sold

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Total assets

Liabilities

Debt and face amounts, respectively, reported net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively. See notes 6 and 7)

Payable for investments and cash equivalents purchased

Distributions payable

Management fee payable (see note 3)

Performance-based incentive fee payable (see note 3)

Interest payable (see note 7)

Administrative services payable (see note 3)

Other liabilities and accrued expenses

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (see note 11)

Net Assets

Common stock, par value per share, and common shares authorized, respectively, and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively

Paid-in
 capital in excess of par (see note 2f)

Accumulated distributable net loss (see note 2f)

() 

() 

Total net assets

Net Asset Value Per Share

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 88

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

Year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

INVESTMENT INCOME:

Interest:

Companies less than 5 owned

Companies more than 25 owned

Dividends:

Companies less than 5 owned

Companies more than 25 owned

Other income:

Companies less than 5 owned

Companies more than 25 owned

Total investment income

EXPENSES:

Management fees (see note 3)

Performance-based incentive fees (see note 3)

Interest and other credit facility expenses (see note 7)

Administrative services expense (see note 3)

Other general and administrative expenses

Total expenses

Performance-based incentive fees waived (see note 3)

() 

Net expenses

Net investment income

REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAIN (LOSS) ON INVESTMENTS AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:

Net realized gain (loss) on investments and cash equivalents (companies less than 5 owned)

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments and cash equivalents:

Companies less than 5 owned

() 

() 

Companies more than 25 owned

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized loss on investments and cash equivalents

() 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized loss on investments and cash equivalents

() 

() 

() 

NET INCREASE IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS

EARNINGS PER SHARE (see note 5)

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 89

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

Year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations:

Net investment income

Net realized gain (loss)

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized loss

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations

Distributions to stockholders (see note 8a):

From distributable earnings

() 

() 

() 
 
 From return of capital

() 

() 

() 

Net distributions to stockholders

() 

() 

() 

Capital transactions (see note 13):

Issuance of common stock

Repurchases of common stock

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from capital transactions

Total increase (decrease) in net assets

() 

() 
 
 Net assets at beginning of year

Net assets at end of year

Capital share activity (see note 13):

Issuance of common stock

Repurchases of common stock

() 

Net increase from capital share activity

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 90

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Year ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations

Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

Net realized (gain) loss on investments and cash equivalents

() 

Net change in unrealized loss on investments

(Increase) decrease in operating assets:

Purchase of investments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from disposition of investments

Net accretion of discount on investments

() 

() 

() 
 
 Capitalization of payment-in-kind

 income

() 

() 

() 
 
 Collections of payment-in-kind

 income

Receivable for investments sold

() 

Interest receivable

() 

() 

() 
 
 Dividends receivable

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets

() 

Cash and other net 
assets acquired in merger

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities:

Payable for investments and cash equivalents purchased

() 

() 
 
 Management fee payable

() 
 
 Performance-based incentive fee payable

() 
 
 Administrative services expense payable

() 

() 
 
 Interest payable

() 
 
 Other liabilities and accrued expenses

() 
 
 Deferred financing costs/market discount

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Cash distributions paid

() 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from unsecured borrowings

Repayment of unsecured borrowings

() 

Proceeds from secured borrowings

Repayments of secured borrowings

() 

() 

() 
 
 Repurchase of common stock

() 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

() 

() 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

Issuance of shares in connection with the Mergers(1)

(1) 
 On April 1, 2022, in connection with the Mergers (as defined in Note 1 Organization ), the Company acquired net assets of for the total stock consideration of . For further details, refer to Note 17 Merger with SUNS .
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

91 

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except share/unit amounts) 

Description

Industry

Spread Above Index (7)

Floor

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value

Senior Secured Loans 

First Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

Aegis Toxicology Sciences Corporation(16)

All State Ag Parts, LLC(16)

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 

AmeriMark Intermediate Holdings, LLC(14)

Apex Services Partners, LLC(16)

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc.(16)

Basic Fun, Inc.(16)

BayMark Health Services, Inc.(16)

BDG Media, Inc

CC SAG Holdings Corp. (Spectrum Automotive)(16)

Composite Technology Acquisition Corp.(16)

Copper River Seafoods, Inc

DeepIntent, Inc

Enhanced Permanent Capital, LLC(3)

ENS Holdings III Corp. ES Opco USA LLC (Bluefin)(16)..

Enverus Holdings, Inc. (fka Drilling Info Holdings)(16)

Erie Construction Mid-west,
 LLC(16)

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC(16)

GSM Acquisition Corp.(16)

Higginbotham Insurance Agency, Inc.(16)

High Street Buyer, Inc.(16)

Human Interest Inc

iCIMS, Inc.

(26) 

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC

Kaseya, Inc.(16)

Kid Distro Holdings, LLC (Distro Kid)(16)

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC(2) 

KORE Wireless Group, Inc.(16)

Logix Holding Company, LLC(16)

Luxury Asset Capital, LLC(16)

Maurices, Incorporated(16)

Montefiore Nyack Hospital

NAC Holdings Corporation (Jaguar)(16)

National Spine and Pain Centers, LLC

One Touch Direct, LLC

Orthopedic Care Partners Management, LLC

Pediatric Home Respiratory Services, LLC

Peter C. Foy Associates Insurance Services, LLC

PhyNet Dermatology LLC

(15)

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.(16)

Plastics Management, LLC(16)

PPT Management Holdings, LLC(16)

(11) 

RQM+ Corp.(16)

RSC Acquisition, Inc.(16)

RxSense Holdings LLC(16)

SCP Eye Care, LLC

SHO Holding I Corporation (Shoes for Crews)(16)

Southern Orthodontic Partners Management, LLC(16)

SPAR Marketing Force, Inc

Stryten Resources LLC

SunMed Group Holdings, LLC(16)

TAUC Management, LLC(16)

Tilley Distribution, Inc.(16)

Ultimate Baked Goods Midco LLC (Rise Baking)(16)

Vessco Midco Holdings, LLC(16)

World Insurance Associates, LLC(16)

Total First Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

Second Lien Asset-Based Senior Secured Loans

ACRES Commercial Mortgage, LLC

Second Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

RD Holdco, Inc. (2)

(11) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

92

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except share/unit amounts) 

Description

Industry

Spread Above Index (7)

Floor

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value

Senior Secured Loans (continued) 

First Lien Life Science Senior Secured Loans

Alimera Sciences, Inc.(16)

Apeel Technology, Inc

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc.(3)

Ardelyx, Inc.(3)

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.(3)

(22)

Centrexion Therapeutics, Inc.

Cerapedics, Inc.

Glooko, Inc.(16)

Meditrina, Inc.

Neuronetics, Inc.(16)

OmniGuide Holdings, Inc. (13)

(23)

Outset Medical, Inc.(3)

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.(16)

Vapotherm, Inc.

(24)

Total First Lien Life Science Senior Secured Loans

Total Senior Secured Loans

Description

Industry 

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value

Equipment Financing 

Aero Operating LLC (10)

-

-

AFG Dallas III, LLC (10)

-

Air Methods Corporation (10)

-

-

AmeraMex International, Inc. (10)

Bazzini, LLC (10)

Boart Longyear Company (10)

-

-

Bowman Energy Solutions, LLC (10)

C-Port/Stone
 LLC (10)

Capital City Jet Center, Inc. (10)

-

Champion Air, LLC (10)

CKD Holdings, Inc. (10)

-

-

Clubcorp Holdings, Inc. (10)

-

-

Dongwon Autopart Technology Inc. (10)

Drillers Choice, Inc. (10)

EasyPak, LLC (10)

Energy Drilling Services, LLC (10)

-

-

Environmental Protection Improvement Company, LLC (10)

Equipment Operating Leases, LLC (2)(12)

First American Commercial Bancorp, Inc. (10)

-

-

First National Capital, LLC (10)

Freightsol LLC (10)

-

Garda CL Technical Services, Inc. (10)

-

-

Georgia Jet, Inc. (10)

GMT Corporation (10)

Hawkeye Contracting Company, LLC (10)

HTI Logistics Corporation (10)

-

-

International Automotive Components Group, North America, Inc. (10)

Kool Pak, LLC (10)

Loc Performance Products, LLC (10)

Loyer Capital LLC (2)(12)

-

-

Lux Credit Consultants, LLC (10)

-

-

Lux Vending, LLC (10)

-

-

Mountain Air Helicopters, Inc. (10)

Ozzies, Inc. (10)

PCX Aerostructures LLC (10)

Rane Light Metal Castings Inc. (10)

Rango, Inc. (10)

-

-

Royal Coach Lines, Inc.(10)

Royal Express Inc. (10)

Rotten Rock Hardscaping Tree Service (10)

Signet Marine Corporation (10)

SLR Equipment Finance(2)

Smiley Lifting Solutions, LLC(10)

-

-

ST Coaches, LLC (10)

-

-

Star Coaches Inc. (10)

Superior Transportation, Inc. (10)

-

The Smedley Company Smedley Services, Inc. (10)..

Trinity Equipment Rentals, Inc. (10)

-

-

U.S. Crane Rigging, LLC (10)

Up Trucking Services, LLC (10)

Wind River Environmental, LLC (10)

-

-

Womble Company, Inc. (10)

Worldwide Flight Services, Inc. (10)

-

-

Zamborelli Enterprises Pacific Souther Foundation (10)

Shares/Units

SLR Equipment Finance Equity Interests 
(2)(9)(17) 

Total Equipment Financing

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

93

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share/unit amounts) 

Description

Industry

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value

Preferred Equity 

SOINT, LLC (2)(3)(4)

(11)

Description

Industry

Acquisition Date

Shares/Units

Cost

Fair Value

Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants 57.1 

aTyr Pharma, Inc. Warrants 

CardioFocus, Inc. Warrants 

Centrexion Therapeutics, Inc. Warrants 

Conventus Orthopaedics, Inc. Warrants 

Delphinus Medical Technologies, Inc. Warrants 

Essence Group Holdings Corporation (Lumeris) Warrants 

KBH Topco LLC (Kingsbridge) (2)(5)(18)

Meditrina, Inc. Warrants 

RD Holdco, Inc. (Rug Doctor) (2) 

RD Holdco, Inc. (Rug Doctor) Class B (2) 

RD Holdco, Inc. (Rug Doctor) Warrants (2) 

Senseonics Holdings, Inc. (3)(8) 

SLR Business Credit (2)(3)(19)

SLR Credit Solutions (2)(3)(20)

SLR Healthcare ABL (2)(3)(21)

SLR Senior Lending Program LLC (2)(3)(25)

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Warrants 

Vapotherm, Inc. Warrants 

Venus Concept Ltd. Warrants (f/k/a Restoration Robotics)

Total Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants

Total Investments (6) 

Description

Industry

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cash Equivalents 

U.S. Treasury Bill

Total Investments Cash Equivalents 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

() 

Net Assets 

(1) 

(2) 
 Denotes investments in which we are deemed to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ), due to beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in these controlled investments are as follows: 

Name of Issuer

Fair Value at December 31, 2021

Gross Additions

Gross Reductions

Realized Gain (Loss)

Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss)

Interest/ Dividend Income

Fair Value at December 31, 2022

Equipment Operating Leases, LLC

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC

() 

KBH Topco, LLC (Kingsbridge)

Loyer Capital LLC

RD Holdco, Inc. (Rug Doctor, common equity)

RD Holdco, Inc. (Rug Doctor, class B)

() 

RD Holdco, Inc. (Rug Doctor, warrants)

RD Holdco, Inc. (debt)

() 

() 

SLR Business Credit

SLR Credit Solutions

() 

SLR Equipment Finance (equity)

() 

SLR Equipment Finance (debt)

SLR Healthcare ABL

SLR Senior Lending Program LLC

() 

SOAGG LLC

() 

SOINT, LLC

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

9 4

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands) 

(3) 
 Indicates assets that the Company believes may not represent qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. If we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be prevented from making follow-on
 investments in existing portfolio companies or could be required to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to comply with the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2022, on a fair value basis, non-qualifying
 assets in the portfolio represented of the total assets of the Company. 

(4) 
 The Company s investment in SOINT, LLC includes a one dollar investment in common shares. 

(5) 
 Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC is held through KBH Topco LLC, a Delaware corporation. 

(6) 
 Aggregate net unrealized appreciation for U.S. federal income tax purposes is ; aggregate gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation for U.S. federal tax purposes is and , respectively, based on a tax cost of . Unless otherwise noted, all of the Company s investments are pledged as collateral against the borrowings outstanding on the senior secured credit facility. The Company generally acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. All investments are Level 3 unless otherwise indicated. 

(7) 
 Floating rate instruments accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR, SOFR or PRIME rate. These instruments are often subject to a LIBOR, SOFR or PRIME rate floor. 

(8) 
 Denotes a Level 1 investment. 

(9) 
 SLR Equipment Finance is held through NEFCORP LLC, a wholly-owned consolidated taxable subsidiary and NEFPASS LLC, a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary. 

(10) 
 Indicates an investment that is wholly held by the Company through NEFPASS LLC. 

(11) 
 Interest is paid in kind PIK ). 

(12) 
 Denotes a subsidiary of SLR Equipment Finance. 

(13) 
 OmniGuide Holdings, Inc., Domain Surgical, Inc. and OmniGuide, Inc. are co-borrowers.

(14) 
 AmeriMark Interactive, LLC, AmeriMark Direct LLC, AmeriMark Intermediate Sub, Inc., L.T.D. Commodities LLC, Dr. Leonard s Healthcare Corp. and Amerimark Intermediate Holdings, LLC are each co-Borrowers.
 Amerimark may elect to defer up to of the coupon as PIK. 

(15) 
 Spread is Cash / PIK. 

(16) 
 Indicates an investment that is wholly or partially held by the Company through its wholly-owned financing subsidiary SUNS SPV LLC (the SUNS SPV ). Such investments are pledged as collateral under the Senior Secured Revolving SPV Credit Facility (the SPV Credit Facility (see Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements) and are not generally available to creditors, if any, of the Company. 

(17) 
 See note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(18) 
 See note 14 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(19) 
 See note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(20) 
 See note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(21) 
 See note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(22) 
 BridgeBio Pharma, Inc. may elect to defer up to of the coupon as PIK. 

(23) 
 OmniGuide Holdings, Inc. may elect to defer up to of the coupon as PIK. 

(24) 
 Vapotherm, Inc. may elect to defer up to of the coupon as PIK. 

(25) 
 See note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. 

(26) 
 iCIMS, Inc. may elect to defer up to of the coupon as PIK. 

Non-income
 producing security. 

Investment is on non-accrual
 status. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

9 5

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 

Industry Classification

Percentage of Total Investments (at fair value) as of December 31, 2022

Diversified Financial Services (includes SLR Credit Solutions, SLR Business Credit and SLR Healthcare ABL)

Multi-Sector Holdings (includes Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC, SLR Equipment Finance, Equipment Operating Leases, LLC and Loyer Capital LLC)

Health Care Providers Services

Health Care Equipment Supplies

Pharmaceuticals

Software

Insurance

Biotechnology

Diversified Consumer Services

Media

Road Rail

Personal Products

Capital Markets

Thrifts Mortgage Finance

Life Sciences Tools Services

Auto Parts Equipment

Packaged Foods Meats

Wireless Telecommunication Services

Commercial Services Supplies

Internet Catalog Retail

Internet Software Services

Building Products

Trading Companies Distributors

Health Care Technology

Transportation Infrastructure

Communications Equipment

IT Services

Leisure Equipment Products

Specialty Retail

Asset Management

Food Products

Auto Components

Airlines

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure

Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels

Aerospace Defense

Machinery

Footwear

Metals Mining

Food Staples Retailing

Water Utilities

Consumer Finance

Construction Engineering

Energy Equipment Services

Containers Packaging

Total Investments

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

9 6

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except share/unit amounts

Description

Industry

Spread Above Index (7)

LIBOR Floor

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value

Senior Secured Loans 

First Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

Aegis 

Toxicology Sciences Corporation

Alteon Health, LLC

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. 

AmeriMark Intermediate Holdings, LLC(14)

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc

Basic Fun, Inc

CC SAG Holdings Corp. (Spectrum Automotive)

Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (f/k/a Ministry Brands)

Enhanced Permanent Capital, LLC(3)

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC

iCIMS, Inc.

Inszone Mid, LLC

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC

Kid Distro Holdings, LLC (Distro Kid)

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC(2)

KORE Wireless Group, Inc.(3)

Logix Holding Company, LLC

Maurices, Incorporated

MMIT Holdings, LLC

NAC Holdings Corporation (Jaguar)

One Touch Direct, LLC

PhyNet Dermatology LLC

(17)

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc.

PPT Management Holdings, LLC

(15)

RQM+ Corp

Stryten Energy LLC

SunMed Group Holdings, LLC

Ultimate Baked Goods Midco LLC (Rise Baking)

USR Parent, Inc. (Staples)

Total First Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

Second Lien Asset-Based Senior Secured Loans

ACRES Commercial Mortgage, LLC

Varilease Finance, Inc.

Total Second Lien Asset-Based Senior Secured Loans

Second Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

PhyMed Management LLC

(16)

Rug Doctor LLC (2)

(11)

Total Second Lien Bank Debt/Senior Secured Loans

First Lien Life Science Senior Secured Loans

Alimera Sciences, Inc.

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc.(3)

Ardelyx, Inc.

Axcella Health Inc

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc.(3)

Centrexion Therapeutics, Inc.

Cerapedics, Inc.

Delphinus Medical Technologies, Inc.

Glooko, Inc.

Neuronetics, Inc.

OmniGuide Holdings, Inc. (13)

Rezolute, Inc

Rubius Therapeutics, Inc. (3)

scPharmaceuticals, Inc.

SOC Telemed, Inc.

Total First Lien Life Science Senior Secured Loans

Total Senior Secured Loans

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

97 

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except share/unit amounts) 

Description

Industry

Interest Rate (1)

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value

Equipment Financing 

Aero Operating LLC (10)

-

-

Air Methods Corporation (10)

-

-

AmeraMex International, Inc. (10)

Blackhawk Mining, LLC (10)

-

-

Boart Longyear Company (10)

-

-

Capital City Jet Center, Inc. (10)

-

Champion Air, LLC (10)

Clubcorp Holdings, Inc. (10)

-

-

Dongwon Autopart Technology 
Inc. (10)

EasyPak, LLC (10)

Environmental Protection 
Improvement Company, LLC (10)

Equipment Operating Leases, 
LLC (2)(12)

-

-

First American Commercial Bancorp, 
Inc. (10)

First National Capital, LLC (10)

Freightsol LLC (10)

-

Garda CL Technical Services, 
Inc. (10)

-

-

Georgia Jet, Inc. (10)

GMT Corporation (10)

Haljoe Coaches USA, LLC (10)

Hawkeye Contracting Company, 
LLC (10)

HTI Logistics Corporation (10)

-

-

International Automotive Components 
Group, North America, Inc. (10)

Kool Pak, LLC (10)

Loyer Capital LLC (2)(12)

-

-

Lux Credit Consultants, LLC (10)

-

-

Lux Vending, LLC (10)

-

-

Mountain Air Helicopters, 
Inc. (10)

Rane Light Metal Castings 
Inc. (10)

Rango, Inc. (10)

-

-

Rossco Crane Rigging, Inc. (10)

Royal Coach Lines, Inc.(10)

Royal Express Inc. (10)

Sidelines Tree Service LLC (10)

South Texas Oilfield Solutions, 
LLC (10)

-

-

ST Coaches, LLC (10)

-

-

Stafford Logistics, Inc. (10)

Star Coaches Inc. (10)

Sturgeon Services International 
Inc. (10)

Superior Transportation, Inc. (10)

-

Tailwinds, LLC (10)

-

-

The Smedley Company Smedley 
Services, Inc. (10)..

-

-

Trinity Equipment Rentals, 
Inc. (10)

-

-

Trolleys, Inc. (10)

Up Trucking Services, LLC (10)

Warrior Crane Services, LLC (10)

-

Wind River Environmental, 
 LLC (10)

-

-

Womble Company, Inc. (10)

Shares/Units

SLR Equipment Finance Equity 
Interests (2)(9) 

Total Equipment Financing

Preferred Equity 

SOAGG LLC (2)(3)(4)

SOINT, LLC (2)(3)(4)

11)

Total Preferred Equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 8

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except share/unit amounts

Description

Industry

Acquisition Date

Shares/Units

Cost

Fair Value

Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants 

aTyr Pharma, Inc. Warrants 

CardioFocus, Inc. Warrants 

Centrexion Therapeutics, Inc. Warrants 

Conventus Orthopaedics, Inc. Warrants 

Delphinus Medical Technologies, Inc. Warrants 

Essence Group Holdings Corporation (Lumeris) Warrants 

KBH Topco LLC (Kingsbridge) (2)(5)

RD Holdco Inc. (Rug Doctor) (2) 

RD Holdco Inc. (Rug Doctor) Class B (2) 

RD Holdco Inc. (Rug Doctor) Warrants (2) 

Senseonics Holdings, Inc. (3)(8) 

SLR Credit Solutions (2)(3)

Venus Concept Ltd. Warrants (f/k/a Restoration Robotics)

Total Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants

Total Investments (6) 

Description

Industry

Acquisition Date

Maturity

 Date

Par Amount

Cash Equivalents 

U.S. Treasury Bill

Total Investments Cash Equivalents 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

Net Assets 

(1) 
 Floating rate debt investments typically bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), and which typically reset monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. For each debt investment we have provided the current rate of interest, or in the case of leases the current implied yield, in effect as of December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Denotes investments in which we are deemed to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ), due to beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021 in these controlled investments are as follows: 

Name of Issuer

Fair Value at December 31, 2020

Gross Additions

Gross Reductions

Realized Gain (Loss)

Change in Unrealized Gain (Loss)

Interest/ Dividend Income

Fair Value at December 31, 2021

AviatorCap SII, LLC

Equipment Operating Leases, LLC

Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC

() 

KBH Topco, LLC (Kingsbridge)

Loyer Capital LLC

RD Holdco Inc. (Rug Doctor, common equity)

() 

RD Holdco Inc. (Rug Doctor, class B)

RD Holdco Inc. (Rug Doctor, warrants)

Rug Doctor LLC

() 

SLR Credit Solutions

SLR Equipment Finance (equity)

SLR Equipment Finance (debt)

SOAGG LLC

() 

SOINT, LLC

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

99 

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 
31, 2021 

 (in thousands) 

(3) 
 Indicates assets that the Company believes may not represent qualifying assets under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. If we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could be prevented from making follow-on
 investments in existing portfolio companies or could be required to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to comply with the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021, on a fair value basis, non-qualifying
 assets in the portfolio represented of the total assets of the Company. 

(4) 
 The Company s investments in SOAGG, LLC and SOINT, LLC include a two and one dollar investment in common shares, respectively. 

(5) 
 Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC is held through KBH Topco LLC, a Delaware corporation. 

(6) 
 Aggregate net unrealized appreciation for U.S. federal income tax purposes is ; aggregate gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation 
 for U.S. federal tax purposes is and , respectively, based on a tax cost of . Unless otherwise noted, all of the 
 Company s investments are pledged as collateral against the borrowings outstanding on the senior secured credit facility. The Company generally 
 acquires its investments in private transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 
These investments are generally subject to certain limitations on resale, and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. 
 All investments are Level 3 unless otherwise indicated. 

(7) 
 Floating rate instruments accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR or PRIME rate. These instruments are often subject to a LIBOR or PRIME rate floor. 

(8) 
 Denotes a Level 1 investment. 

(9) 
 SLR Equipment Finance is held through NEFCORP LLC, a wholly-owned consolidated taxable subsidiary and NEFPASS LLC, a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary. 

(10) 
 Indicates an investment that is wholly held by the Company through NEFPASS LLC. 

(11) 
 Interest is paid in kind PIK ). 

(12) 
 Denotes a subsidiary of SLR Equipment Finance. 

(13) 
 OmniGuide Holdings, Inc., Domain Surgical, Inc. and OmniGuide, Inc. are co-borrowers.

(14) 
 AmeriMark Interactive, LLC, AmeriMark Direct LLC, AmeriMark Intermediate Sub, Inc., L.T.D. Commodities LLC, Dr. Leonard s Healthcare Corp. and Amerimark Intermediate Holdings, LLC are each co-Borrowers.

(15) 
 Spread is Cash / PIK. 

(16) 
 Spread is Cash / PIK. 

(17) 
 Spread is Cash / PIK. 

Non-income
 producing security. 

Investment is on non-accrual
 status. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 0

Table of Contents 
 SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (continued) 

 December 
31, 2021 

 (in thousands) 

Industry Classification

Percentage of Total Investments (at fair value) as of December 31, 2021

Multi-Sector
 Holdings (includes Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC, SLR Equipment Finance, Equipment Operating Leases, LLC and Loyer Capital LLC)

Diversified Financial Services (includes SLR Credit Solutions)

Health Care Providers Services

Pharmaceuticals

Software

Health Care Equipment Supplies

Biotechnology

Wireless Telecommunication Services

Personal Products

Road Rail

IT Services

Diversified Consumer Services

Insurance

Commercial Services Supplies

Capital Markets

Auto Parts Equipment

Internet Catalog Retail

Packaged Foods Meats

Life Sciences Tools Services

Communications Equipment

Specialty Retail

Auto Components

Airlines

Health Care Technology

Machinery

Aerospace Defense

Metals Mining

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

Consumer Finance

Air Freight Logistics

Energy Equipment Services

Oil, Gas Consumable Fuels

Construction Engineering

Containers Packaging

Total Investments

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 10 1

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

 with initial capital of of which was funded by affiliated parties. 
 Immediately prior to our initial public offering, through a series of transactions, SLR Investment Corp. (the Company , we , us or our ), merged with Solar Capital LLC, leaving SLR Investment Corp. as the surviving entity (the Pre-IPO
 Merger ). SLR Investment Corp. issued an aggregate of approximately million shares of common stock and in senior unsecured notes to the existing Solar Capital LLC unit holders in connection with the Pre-IPO
 Merger. SLR Investment Corp. had no assets or operations prior to completion of the Pre-IPO
 Merger and as a result, the historical books and records of Solar Capital LLC have become the books and records of the surviving entity. The number of shares used to calculate weighted average shares for use in computations on a per share basis have been decreased retroactively by a factor of approximately 0.4022 for all periods prior to February 9, 2010. This factor represents the effective impact of the reduction in shares resulting from the Pre-IPO
 Merger. 
 SLR Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation formed in November 2007, is a closed-end,
 externally managed, non-diversified
 management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). Furthermore, as the Company is an investment company, it continues to apply the guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company has elected to be treated, and intends to qualify annually, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 On February 9, 2010, the Company priced its initial public offering, selling million shares of common stock, including the underwriters over-allotment, at a price of per share. Concurrent with this offering, the Company s senior management purchased an additional shares through a private placement, also at per share. 
 The Company s investment objective is to maximize both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. The Company directly and indirectly invests primarily in leveraged middle market companies in the form of senior secured loans, financing leases and to a lesser extent, unsecured loans and equity securities. From time to time, we may also invest in public companies that are thinly traded. 
 On April 1, 2022, we acquired SLR Senior Investment Corp., a Maryland corporation SUNS pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of December 1, 2021, by and among us, SUNS, Solstice Merger Sub, Inc., a Maryland corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and, solely for the limited purposes set forth therein, SLR Capital Partners, LLC (the Investment Adviser ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SUNS, with SUNS continuing as the surviving company and as SUNS s wholly-owned subsidiary (the Merger, and, immediately thereafter, SUNS merged with and into us, with us continuing as the surviving company (together with the Merger, the Mergers ). . In accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of SUNS s common stock was converted into the right to receive shares of our common stock (with SUNS s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock). As a result of the Mergers, we issued an aggregate of shares of our common stock to former SUNS stockholders. See Note 17 for additional information. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature and considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements, have been included. 

The significant accounting policies consistently followed by the Company are: 

(a) 
 Investment transactions are accounted for on the trade date; 

(b) 
 Under procedures established by the board of directors (the Board ), we value investments, including certain senior secured debt, subordinated debt and other debt securities with maturities greater than days, for which market quotations are readily available and deemed to represent fair value under U.S. GAAP, at such market quotations (unless they are deemed not to represent fair value). A market quotation is readily available for a security only when that quotation is a quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investments that the Company can access at the measurement date, provided that a quotation will not be readily available if it is not reliable. If the Company anticipates using a market quotation for a security, it will also monitor for circumstances that may necessitate the use of fair value, such as significant events that may cause concern over the reliability of a market quotation. We attempt to obtain market quotations from at least two brokers or dealers (if available, otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer or other independent pricing service). We utilize mid-market
 pricing as a practical expedient for fair value unless a different point within the range is more representative. If and when market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, we may utilize independent third-party valuation firms to assist us in determining the fair value of material assets. Accordingly, such investments go through our multi-step valuation process as described below. In each such case, independent valuation firms, that may from time to time be engaged by the Board, consider observable market inputs together with significant unobservable inputs in arriving at their valuation recommendations. Debt investments with maturities of days or less shall each be valued at cost plus accreted discount, or minus amortized premium, which is expected to approximate fair value, unless such valuation, in the judgment of the Investment Adviser, does not represent fair value, in which case such investments shall be valued at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board. Investments that are not publicly traded or whose market quotations are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Board. Such determination of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates. 

With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value under U.S. GAAP, the Board has approved a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

(1)
 
 our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; 

(2)
 
 preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of the Investment Adviser; 

(3)
 
 independent valuation firms engaged by the Board conduct independent appraisals and review the Investment Adviser s preliminary valuations and make their own independent assessment for all material assets; 

(4)
 
 the audit committee of the Board reviews the preliminary valuation of the Investment Adviser and that of the independent valuation firm and responds to the valuation recommendation of the independent valuation firm, if any, to reflect any comments; and 

(5)
 
 the Board discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith based on the input of the Investment Adviser, the respective independent valuation firm, if any, and the audit committee. 

103

The valuation principles set forth above may be modified from time to time, in whole or in part, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. The Board will also (1) periodically assess and manage valuation risks; (2) establish and apply fair value methodologies; (3) test fair value methodologies; (4) oversee and evaluate third-party pricing services, as applicable; (5) oversee the reporting required by Rule 2a-5
 under the 1940 Act; and (6) maintain recordkeeping requirements under Rule 2a-5.

Investments in all asset classes are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. However, in accordance with ASC 820-10,
 certain investments that qualify as investment companies in accordance with ASC 946, may be valued using net asset value as a practical expedient for fair value. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation approaches to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, M A comparables, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values, among other factors. When available, broker quotations and/or quotations provided by pricing services are considered as an input in the valuation process. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there has been no change to the Company s valuation approaches or techniques and the nature of the related inputs considered in the valuation process. 

ASC Topic 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy: 

Level
 
 1
: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by the Company at the measurement date. 
 Level
 
 2
: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level
 
 3
: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. The exercise of judgment is based in part on our knowledge of the asset class and our prior experience. 

(c) 
 Gains or losses on investments are calculated by using the specific identification method. 

(d) 
 The Company records dividend income and interest, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis. Loan origination fees, original issue discount, and market discounts are capitalized and we amortize such amounts into income using the effective interest method. Upon the prepayment of a loan, any unamortized loan origination fees are recorded as interest income. We record call premiums received on loans repaid as interest income when we receive such amounts. Capital structuring fees, amendment fees, consent fees, and any other non-recurring
 fee income as well as a management fee and other fee income for services rendered, if any, are recorded as other income when earned. 

(e) 
 The Company intends to comply with the applicable provisions of the Code pertaining to regulated investment companies to make distributions of taxable income sufficient to relieve it of substantially all U.S. federal income taxes. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year distributions and pay a excise tax on this income. The Company will accrue excise tax on such estimated excess taxable income as appropriate. 
 
 104 

was reclassified on our balance sheet between accumulated distributable net loss and paid-in
 capital in excess of par. Total earnings and net asset value are not affected. 

(g) 
 Distributions to common stockholders are recorded as of the record date. The amount to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board. Net realized capital gains, if any, are generally distributed or deemed distributed at least annually. 

(h) 
 In accordance with Regulation S-X
 and ASC Topic 810 Consolidation

, the Company consolidates its interest in controlled investment company subsidiaries, financing subsidiaries and certain wholly-owned holding companies that serve to facilitate investment in portfolio companies. In addition, the Company may also consolidate any controlled operating companies substantially all of whose business consists of providing services to the Company. 

(i) 
 The accounting records of the Company are maintained in U.S. dollars. Any assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based on the rate of exchange of such currencies against U.S. dollars on the date of valuation. The Company will not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations would be included with the net unrealized gain or loss from investments. The Company s investments in foreign securities, if any, may involve certain risks, including without limitation: foreign exchange restrictions, expropriation, taxation or other political, social or economic risks, all of which could affect the market and/or credit risk of the investment. In addition, changes in the relationship of foreign currencies to the U.S. dollar can significantly affect the value of these investments in terms of U.S. dollars and therefore the earnings of the Company. 

(j) 
 In accordance with ASC 835-30,
 the Company reports origination and other expenses related to certain debt issuances as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. Applicable expenses are deferred and amortized using either the effective interest method or the straight-line method over the stated life. The straight-line method may be used on revolving facilities and/or when it approximates the effective yield method. 

(k) 
 The Company may enter into forward exchange contracts in order to hedge against foreign currency risk. These contracts are marked-to-market

 by recognizing the difference between the contract exchange rate and the current market rate as unrealized appreciation or depreciation. Realized gains or losses are recognized when contracts are settled. 

(l) 
 The Company records expenses related to shelf registration statements and applicable equity offering costs as prepaid assets. These expenses are typically charged as a reduction of capital upon the sale of shares or expensed, in accordance with ASC 946-20-25.

(m) 
 Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest in cash are generally placed on non-accrual
 status when principal or interest cash payments are past due days or more days or more for equipment financing) and/or when it is no longer probable that principal or interest cash payments will be collected. Such non-accrual
 investments are restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and in management s judgment, are likely to continue timely payment of their remaining principal and interest obligations. Cash interest payments received on such investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending on management s judgment. 

(n) 
 The Company defines cash equivalents as securities that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only securities with a maturity of three months or less would qualify, with limited exceptions. The Company believes that certain U.S. Treasury bills, repurchase agreements and other high-quality, short-term debt securities would qualify as cash equivalents. 

on gross assets up to of the Company s total net assets as of the immediately preceding quarter end and on gross assets that exceed of the Company s total net assets as of the immediately preceding quarter end. For purposes of computing the base management fee, gross assets exclude temporary assets acquired at the end of each fiscal quarter for purposes of preserving investment flexibility in the next fiscal quarter. Temporary assets include, but are not limited to, U.S. treasury bills, other short-term U.S. government or government agency securities, repurchase agreements or cash borrowings. 
 The performance-based incentive fee has two parts, as follows: one part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive
 fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the performance-based incentive fee). Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains or losses, or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to the hurdle rate of per quarter annualized). The Company pays the Investment Adviser a performance-based incentive fee with respect to the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: (1) no performance-based incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; (2) of the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875 in any calendar quarter; and (3) of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive
 fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 in any calendar quarter. These calculations are appropriately pro-rated
 for any period of less than three months. 
 The second part of the performance-based incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and will equal of the Company s cumulative realized capital gains less cumulative realized capital losses, unrealized capital depreciation (unrealized depreciation on a gross investment-by-investment

 basis at the end of each calendar year) and all net capital gains upon which prior performance-based capital gains incentive fee payments were previously made to the Investment Adviser. For financial statement purposes, the second part of the performance-based incentive fee is accrued based upon of cumulative net realized gains and net unrealized capital appreciation. No accrual was required for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized , and , respectively, in base management fees and , and , respectively, in performance-based incentive fees. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , respectively, of such performance-based incentive fees were waived. The Investment Adviser has agreed to waive incentive fees resulting from income earned due to the accretion of purchase discount allocated to investments acquired as a result of the Mergers. Fees waived pursuant to the above are not subject to recoupment by the Investment Adviser. 

The 

 Company has also entered into an Administration Agreement with SLR Capital Management, LLC (the Administrator under which the Administrator provides administrative services to the Company. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company reimburses the Administrator for the Company s allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent. The Administrator will also provide, on the Company s behalf, managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance. The Company typically reimburses the Administrator on a quarterly basis. 
 For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized expenses under the Administration Agreement of , and , respectively. No managerial assistance fees were accrued or collected for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 and , respectively. This compares to total net assets and net asset value per share at December 31, 2021 of and , respectively. 

Denominator - weighted average shares:

Earnings per share:

When the inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). 
 Gains and losses for assets and liabilities categorized within the Level 3 table below may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 A review of fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities. Such reclassifications involving Level 3 assets and liabilities are reported as transfers in/out of Level 3 as of the end of the quarter in which the reclassifications occur. Within the fair value hierarchy tables below, cash and cash equivalents are excluded but could be classified as Level 1. 

Equipment Financing

Preferred Equity

Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants

Total Investments

In accordance with ASC 820-10,
 certain investments that are measured using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient for fair value have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. The portfolio investment in this category is SSLP. See Note 19 for more information on this investment, including its investment strategy and the Company s unfunded equity commitment to SSLP. This investment is not redeemable by the Company absent an election by the members of the entity to liquidate all investments and distribute the proceeds to the members. 

Fair Value Measurements 

 As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Assets:

Senior Secured Loans

Equipment Financing

Preferred Equity

Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants

Total Investments

Liabilities:

2022 Unsecured Notes

Total gains or losses included in earnings:

Net realized gain (loss)

() 

() 
 
 Net change in unrealized loss

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of investment securities(1)

Proceeds from dispositions of investment securities

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Transfers in/out of Level 3

Fair value, December

 31, 2022

Unrealized losses for the period relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period:

Net change in unrealized loss

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

(1) 
 Includes positions acquired from SUNS as a result of the Mergers. 
 The following table shows a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for fair valued liabilities measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

2022 Unsecured Notes

For the year ended December 31, 2022

Beginning fair value

Net realized (gain) loss

Net change in unrealized (gain) loss

Borrowings

Repayments

() 
 
 Transfers in/out of Level 3

Ending fair value

The Company made an election to apply the fair value option of accounting to the 2022 Unsecured Notes, in accordance with ASC 825-10.
 On May 8, 2022, the borrowings were repaid in full. While the Company has not made an election to apply the fair value option of accounting to any of its other debt obligations, if the Company s debt obligations were carried at fair value at December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Credit Facility, SPV Credit Facility, 2023 Unsecured Notes, 2024 Unsecured Notes, 2025 Unsecured Notes, 2026 Unsecured Notes, 2027 Unsecured Notes and 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes would be , , , , , , and , respectively. 

The following table provides a summary of the changes in fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as the portion of gains or losses included in income attributable to unrealized gains or losses related to those assets still held at December 31, 2021: 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Level 3 Inputs 

Senior Secured Loans

Equipment

 Financing

Preferred Equity

Common Equity/ Equity Interests/ Warrants

Total

Fair value, December

 31, 2020

Total gains or losses included in earnings:

Net realized gain (loss)

() 

Net change in unrealized gain (loss)

() 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of investment securities

Proceeds from dispositions of investment securities

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Transfers in/out of Level 3 (1)

() 

() 

Fair value, December

 31, 2021

Unrealized gains (losses) for the period relating to those Level 3 assets that were still held by the Company at the end of the period:

Net change in unrealized gain (loss)

() 

() 

() 

(1) 
 On February 17, 2021, the Company exercised its warrants in Senseonics Holdings, Inc., receiving shares in the common stock of Senseonics Holdings, Inc. The common stock of Senseonics Holdings, Inc. is publicly traded, so this position is considered to be a Level 1 asset. 

Net realized (gain) loss

Net change in unrealized (gain) loss

Borrowings

Repayments

Transfers in/out of Level 3

Ending fair value

The Company made elections to apply the fair value option of accounting to the 2022 Unsecured Notes, in accordance with ASC 825-10.
 On December 31, 2021, there were borrowings of on the 2022 Unsecured Notes. 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

The Company typically determines the fair value of its performing debt investments utilizing a yield analysis. In a yield analysis, a price is ascribed for each investment based upon an assessment of current and expected market yields for similar investments and risk profiles. Additional consideration is given to current contractual interest rates, relative maturities and other key terms and risks associated with an investment. Among other factors, a significant determinant of risk is the amount of leverage used by the portfolio company relative to the total enterprise value of the company, and the rights and remedies of our investment within each portfolio company. 
 Significant unobservable quantitative inputs typically used in the fair value measurement of the Company s Level 3 assets and liabilities primarily reflect current market yields, including indices, and readily available quotes from brokers, dealers, and pricing services as indicated by comparable assets and liabilities, as well as enterprise values, returns on equity and earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples of similar companies, and comparable market transactions for equity securities. 

(1)

x- x x)

Equipment Financing

Asset 

(2)

x- x
 x)

Preferred Equity

Asset 

Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants

Asset 

(3)

x 
 x x) 

(1) 
 Investments are valued using a sum-of-the

 parts analysis, using expected revenue multiples for certain segments of the businesses and expected EBITDA multiples for certain segments of the businesses. 

(2) 
 Includes of investments valued using an implied
 multiple. 

(3) 
 Includes of investments valued using a Black-Scholes model and of investments valued using an EBITDA multiple. 

Quantitative information about the Company s Level 3 asset and liability fair value measurements as of December 31, 2021 is summarized in the table below

 : 

Asset or Liability

Fair Value at December 31, 2021

Principal Valuation Technique/Methodology

Unobservable Input

Range (Weighted Average)

Senior Secured Loans

Asset 

(1)

x- x( x)/ x-

 x( x)

Equipment Financing

Asset 

- 

Preferred Equity

Asset 

Common Equity/Equity Interests/Warrants

Asset 

(2)

x 
 x x) 

2022 Unsecured Notes

Liability 

(1) 
 Investments are valued using a sum-of-the

 parts analysis, using expected EBITDA multiples (2x-3x)
 for certain segments of the business and expected revenue multiples (2x-3x)
 for certain segments of the business. 

(2) 
 Includes of investments valued using a Black-Scholes model and of investments valued using an EBITDA multiple. 

Significant increases or decreases in any of the above unobservable inputs in isolation, including unobservable inputs used in deriving bid-ask
 spreads, if applicable, could result in significantly lower or higher fair value measurements for such assets and liabilities. Generally, an increase in market yields or decrease in EBITDA multiples may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. 

(1)

(1)

SPV Credit Facility

(2)

2022 Unsecured Notes

2022 Tranche C Notes

(3)

2023 Unsecured Notes

(4)

(4)

2024 Unsecured Notes

(5)

(5)

2025 Unsecured Notes

(6)

2026 Unsecured Notes

(7)

(7)

2027 Unsecured Notes

(8)

(8)

2027 Series F Unsecured Notes

(9)

(1) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(2) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized market discount of as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of as of December 31, 2021. 

(4) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(5) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(6) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized market discount of as of December 31, 2022. 

(7) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(8) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(9) 
 Carrying Value equals the Face Amount net of unamortized debt issuance costs of as of December 31, 2022. 
 Unsecured Notes 

On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into an assumption agreement (the Note Assumption Agreement ), effective as of the closing of the Mergers. The Note Assumption Agreement relates to the Company s assumption of in aggregate principal amount of , senior unsecured notes, due (the 2025 Unsecured Notes and other obligations of SUNS under the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020 (the Note Purchase Agreement ), among SUNS and certain institutional investors. . Pursuant to the Note Assumption Agreement, the Company expressly assumed on behalf of SUNS the due and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on all the 2025 Unsecured Notes outstanding, and the due and punctual performance and observance of every covenant and every condition of the Note Purchase Agreement, to be performed or observed by SUNS. 

On January 6, 2022, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of . . The 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 
 On September 14, 2021, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2027 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of March 14, 2027. Interest on the 2027 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on March 14 and September 14. The 2027 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 
 On December 18, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2024 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of . . The 2024 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 
 On December 18, 2019, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2026 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of . Interest on the 2026 Unsecured Notes is due semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. The 2026 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. 
 On December 28, 2017, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2022 Tranche C Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of December 28, 2022. . The 2022 Tranche C Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Tranche C Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 
 On November 22, 2017, we issued in aggregate principal amount of publicly registered 2023 Unsecured Notes for net proceeds of . Interest on the 2023 Unsecured Notes is paid , at a fixed rate of per year, commencing on January 20, 2018. The 2023 Unsecured Notes mature on . 
 On February 15, 2017, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2022 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of . . The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 

On November 8, 2016, the Company closed a private offering of of the 2022 Unsecured Notes with a fixed interest rate of and a maturity date of May 8, 2022. . The 2022 Unsecured Notes were issued in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers. The 2022 Unsecured Notes were repaid in full at maturity. 
 Revolving and Term Loan Facilities 

On April 1, 2022, the Company entered into an assumption agreement (the CF Assumption Agreement ), effective as of the closing of the Mergers. The CF Assumption Agreement relates to the Company s assumption of the Revolving Credit Facility, originally entered into on August 26, 2011 (as amended from time to time, the SPV Credit Facility ), by and among SUNS SPV LLC (the SUNS SPV ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SUNS, acting as borrower, Citibank, N.A., acting as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto. Currently, the commitment under the SPV Credit Facility is ; however, the commitment can also be expanded up to . The stated interest rate on the SPV Credit Facility is LIBOR plus - 
 with no LIBOR floor requirement and the current final maturity date is . The SPV Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets held by SUNS SPV. Under the terms of the SPV Credit Facility and related transaction documents, the Company as successor to SUNS, and SUNS SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SPV Credit Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. At December 31, 2022, outstanding USD equivalent borrowings under the SPV Credit Facility totaled . 

On December 28, 2021, the Company closed on Amendment No. 1 to its August 28, 2019 senior secured credit agreement (the Credit Facility ). Following the amendment and a November 2022 upsizing, the Credit Facility is composed of of revolving credit and of term loans. Borrowings generally bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus a range of - 
 or the alternate base rate plus - .
 The Credit Facility has a 0 floor and matures in December 2026 and includes ratable amortization in the final year. The Credit Facility may be increased up to with additional new lenders or an increase in commitments from current lenders. The Credit Facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. In addition, the Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants that among other things, requires the Company to maintain a minimum shareholder s equity and a minimum asset coverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, outstanding USD equivalent borrowings under the Credit Facility totaled , composed of of revolving credit and of term loans. 
 Certain covenants on our issued debt may restrict our business activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 The average annualized interest cost for all borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. These costs are exclusive of other credit facility expenses such as unused fees, agency fees and other prepaid expenses related to establishing and/or amending the Credit Facility, the SPV Credit Facility, the 2022 Unsecured Notes, the 2022 Tranche C Notes, the 2023 Unsecured Notes, the 2024 Unsecured Notes, the 2025 Unsecured Notes, the 2026 Unsecured Notes, the 2027 Unsecured Notes and the 2027 Series F Unsecured Notes (collectively the Debt Instruments ), if any. The maximum amounts borrowed on the Debt Instruments during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 

Capital gains

Return of capital

Distribution recognized in subsequent year

Total distributions

Undistributed long-term net capital gains

Total undistributed net earnings

Post-October capital losses

Capital loss carryforward

() (2)

() 

() 
 
 Other book/tax temporary differences

() 

Net unrealized appreciation

Total tax accumulated loss

() 

() 

() 

(1)
 
 Tax information for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are/were estimates and are not final until the Company files its tax returns, typically in September or October each year. 

(2)
 
 Includes capital loss carryforward acquired from the Mergers which is subject to limitations under IRC Sections 381-384. 

The Company recognizes in its consolidated financial statements the tax effect of a tax position when it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. To the best of our knowledge, we did t
 have any uncertain tax positions that met the recognition or measurement criteria of ASC 740-10-25

 r
 did we have any unrecognized tax benefits as of the periods presented herein. Although we file federal and state tax returns, our major tax jurisdiction is federal. Our tax returns for each of our federal tax years since 2019 remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the state department of revenue. . 
 Note 8(b). Other Tax Information (unaudited) 

 For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , respectively, of the dividends paid during the year were eligible for qualified dividend income treatment and the dividends received deduction for corporate stockholders. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, , and , respectively, of each of the distributions paid during the year represent interest-related dividends. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ne of the distributions represent short-term capital gains dividends. 

Net investment income

Net realized and unrealized loss

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations

Issuance of common stock in connection with the Mergers

() 

Anti-dilution

Distributions to stockholders (see note 8a):

From distributable earnings

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 From return of capital

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net asset value, end of year

Per share market value, end of year

Total Return(b)

() 

() 

Net assets, end of year

Shares outstanding, end of year

Ratios to average net assets:

Net investment income

Operating expenses

Interest and other credit facility expenses

Total expenses

Average debt outstanding

Portfolio turnover ratio

(a)
 
 Calculated using the average shares outstanding method, except for the issuance of common stock in connection with the Mergers, which reflects the actual amount per share for the applicable period. 

(b)
 
 Total return is based on the change in market price per share during the year and takes into account distributions, if any, reinvested in accordance with the dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not include a sales load. 

The amount shown may not correspond with the aggregate amount for the period as it includes the effect of the timing of the Mergers. 

The ratio of operating expenses to average net assets and the ratio of total expenses to average net assets is shown net of the performance-based incentive fee waiver (see note 3). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the ratios of operating expenses to average net assets and total expenses to average net assets would be and , respectively, without the performance-based incentive fee waiver. 
 
 11 5

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

in cash. Crystal Financial owned approximately of the outstanding ownership interest in SLR Credit Solutions SLR Credit ), f/k/a Crystal Financial LLC. The remaining financial interest was held by various employees of SLR Credit, through their investment in Crystal Management LP. SLR Credit had a diversified portfolio of loans having a total par value of approximately at November 30, 2012 and a committed revolving credit facility. On July 28, 2016, the Company purchased Crystal Management LP s approximately equity interest in SLR Credit for approximately . Upon the closing of this transaction, the Company holds of the equity interest in SLR Credit. On September 30, 2016, Crystal Capital Financial Holdings LLC was dissolved. As of December 31, 2022, total commitments to the revolving credit facility are . 
 As of December 31, 2022 SLR Credit had funded commitments to different issuers with total funded loans of approximately on total assets of . As of December 31, 2021 SLR Credit had funded commitments to different issuers with total funded loans of approximately on total assets of . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the largest loan outstanding totaled and , respectively. For the same periods, the average exposure per issuer was and , respectively. SLR Credit s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to the Company, had approximately and of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 SLR Credit had net income of , and , respectively, on gross income of , and , respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. SLR Credit s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10
-K.

116 

Table of Contents 
 SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

and , respectively, comprised of the following: 

Outset Medical, Inc

Apeel Technology, Inc

CC SAG Holdings Corp. (Spectrum Automotive)

Human Interest, Inc

Glooko, Inc

World Insurance Associates, LLC

iCIMS, Inc

Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc

Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc

Ardelyx, Inc

Luxury Asset Capital, LLC

RSC Acquisition, Inc

Cerapedics, Inc

Maurices, Incorporated

Kaseya, Inc

Vessco Midco Holdings, LLC

Copper River Seafoods, Inc

BDG Media, Inc

Meditrina, Inc

One Touch Direct, LLC

DeepIntent, Inc

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC

SCP Eye Care, LLC

Basic Fun, Inc

Kid Distro Holdings, LLC

Plastics Management, LLC

Southern Orthodontic Partners Management, LLC

Pediatric Home Respiratory Services, LLC

Pinnacle Treatment Centers, Inc

Ultimate Baked Goods Midco LLC

Orthopedic Care Partners Management, LLC

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC

Composite Technology Acquisition Corp

NAC Holdings Corporation

SLR Healthcare ABL 

SPAR Marketing Force, Inc

RxSense Holdings LLC

Erie Construction Mid-west,
 LLC

Peter C. Foy Associates Insurance Services, LLC

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd

Montefiore Nyack Hospital

Enverus Holdings, Inc

SLR Equipment Finance

SunMed Group Holdings, LLC

GSM Acquisition Corp

Tilley Distribution, Inc

BayMark Health Services, Inc

High Street Buyer, Inc

TAUC Management, LLC

ENS Holdings III Corp, LLC

All State Ag Parts, LLC

BridgeBio Pharma, Inc

Inszone Mid, LLC

Rezolute, Inc

SOC Telemed, Inc

RQM+ Corp

MMIT Holdings, LLC

Neuronetics, Inc

Total Commitments

In addition to the above, please see SLR Senior Lending Program LLC herein where the Company has a remaining equity commitment of in which the Company also controls such funding. The credit agreements of the above loan commitments contain customary lending provisions and/or are subject to the portfolio company s achievement of certain milestones that allow relief to the Company from funding obligations for previously made commitments in instances where the underlying company experiences materially adverse events that affect the financial condition or business outlook for the company. Since these commitments may expire without being drawn upon, unfunded commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements or future earning assets for the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had sufficient cash available and/or liquid securities available to fund its commitments and had reviewed them for any appropriate
 fair value adjustment. 
 equity interest in NEF Holdings, LLC, which conducts its business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Nations Equipment Finance, LLC. Effective February 25, 2021, Nations Equipment Finance, LLC and its related companies are doing business as SLR Equipment Finance SLR Equipment ). SLR Equipment is an independent equipment finance company that provides senior secured loans and leases primarily to U.S. based companies. We invested in cash to effect the transaction, of which was invested in the equity of SLR Equipment through our wholly-owned consolidated taxable subsidiary NEFCORP LLC and our wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary NEFPASS LLC and was used to purchase certain leases and loans held by SLR Equipment through NEFPASS LLC. Concurrent with the transaction, SLR Equipment refinanced its existing senior secured credit facility into a non-recourse
 facility with an accordion feature to expand up to . In September 2019, SLR Equipment amended the facility, increasing commitments to with an accordion feature to expand up to and extended the maturity date of the facility to . 
 As of December 31, 2022, SLR Equipment had funded equipment-backed leases and loans to different customers with a total net investment in leases and loans of approximately on total assets of . As of December 31, 2021, SLR Equipment had funded equipment-backed leases and loans to different customers with a total net investment in leases and loans of approximately on total assets of . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the largest position outstanding totaled and , respectively. For the same periods, the average exposure per customer was and , respectively. SLR Equipment s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to the Company, had approximately and of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, SLR Equipment had net losses of , and , respectively on gross income of , and , respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. SLR Equipment s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 
31, 2021 are 
attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.
 
 shares of par value capital stock were authorized
. 

Shares repurchased

() 

() 

Net increase

11 8

Table of Contents 
 SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

of the equity securities of Kingsbridge Holdings, LLC KBH through KBH Topco LLC KBHT ), a Delaware corporation. KBH is a residual focused independent mid-ticket
 lessor of equipment primarily to U.S. investment grade companies. The Company invested to effect the transaction, of which was invested to acquire of KBHT s equity and in KBH s debt. The existing management team of KBH committed to continuing to lead KBH after the transaction. Following the transaction, the Company owns of KBHT equity and the KBH management team owns the remaining of KBHT s equity. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, KBHT had total assets of and , respectively. For the same periods, debt recourse to KBHT totaled and , respectively, and non-recourse
 debt totaled and , respectively. None of the debt is recourse to the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and for the period November 3, 2020 through December 31, 2020, KBHT had net income of , and , respectively, on gross income of , and , respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in KBHT s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayments of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that KBHT will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. KBHT s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report 

on Form 10 -
K.
 
 . The management team of SLR Healthcare co-invested
 in the transaction and continues to lead SLR Healthcare. As of September 30, 2022, SLR Healthcare s management team and the Company own approximately and of the equity in SLR Healthcare, respectively. SLRC acquired SLR Healthcare in connection with the Mergers on April 1, 2022. 
 Concurrent with the closing of the transaction, SLR Healthcare entered into a new, , non-recourse,
 credit facility with non-affiliates,
 which was expandable to under its accordion feature. Effective March 31, 2014, the credit facility was expanded to and again on June 27, 2014 to . On May 27, 2016, SLR Healthcare entered into a new credit facility which replaced the previously existing facility. The new facility has similar terms as compared to the previous facility and includes an accordion feature increase to and had a maturity date of . On June 28, 2019, this facility was amended, extending the maturity date to . 
 SLR Healthcare currently manages a highly diverse portfolio of directly-originated and underwritten senior-secured commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio totaled approximately of commitments with a total net investment in loans of on total assets of . As of December 31, 2021, the portfolio totaled approximately of commitments with a total net investment in loans of on total assets of . At December 31, 2022, the portfolio consisted of issuers with an average balance of approximately versus issuers with an average balance of approximately at December 31, 2021. All of the commitments in SLR Healthcare s portfolio are floating-rate, senior-secured, cash-pay
 loans. SLR Healthcare s credit facility, which is non-recourse
 to us, had approximately and of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, SLR Healthcare had net income of , and , respectively, on gross income of , and , respectively. Due to timing and non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. SLR Healthcare s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K.

1 19

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

of the equity interests of North Mill Capital LLC NMC on October 20, 2017. NMC is a leading asset-backed lending commercial finance company that provides senior secured asset-backed financings to U.S. based small-to-medium-sized

businesses primarily in the manufacturing, services and distribution industries. SUNS invested approximately to effect the transaction. Subsequently, SUNS contributed of its equity interest in NMC to ESP SSC Corporation. Immediately thereafter, SUNS and ESP SSC Corporation contributed their equity interests to NorthMill LLC North Mill ). On May 1, 2018, North Mill merged with and into NMC, with NMC being the surviving company. SUNS and ESP SSC Corporation then owned and of the equity interests of NMC, respectively. The management team of NMC continues to lead NMC. On June 28, 2019, North Mill Holdco LLC NM Holdco ), a newly formed entity and ESP SSC Corporation acquired of Summit Financial Resources, a Salt Lake City-based provider of asset-backed financing to small and medium-sized
 businesses. As part of this transaction, SUNS interest in the equity of NMC was contributed to NM Holdco. This approximately transaction was financed with borrowings on NMC s credit facility. Effective February 25, 2021, NMC and its related companies are doing business as SLR Business Credit. On June 3, 2021, NMC acquired of Fast Pay Partners LLC, a Los Angeles-based provider of asset-backed financing to digital media companies. The transaction purchase price of was financed with equity from SUNS of and borrowings on NMC s credit facility of . SLRC acquired SLR Business Credit in connection with the Mergers on April 1, 2022. 
 SLR Business Credit currently manages a highly diverse portfolio of directly-originated and underwritten senior-secured commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio totaled approximately of commitments, of which were funded, on total assets of . As of December 31, 2021, the portfolio totaled approximately of commitments, of which were funded, on total assets of . At December 31, 2022, the portfolio consisted of issuers with an average balance of approximately versus issuers with an average balance of approximately at December 31, 2021. NMC has a senior credit facility with a bank lending group for 
 which expires on

. Borrowings are secured by substantially all of NMC s assets. NMC s credit facility, which is 
 non-recourse
 to us, had
 
 approximately 
 and 
 of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, SLR Business Credit had net income of 
 , 
 and 
 , respectively, on gross income of 
 , 
 and 
 , respectively. Due to timing and 
 non-cash
 items, there may be material differences between GAAP net income and cash available for distributions. As such, and subject to fluctuations in SLR Business Credit s funded commitments, the timing of originations, and the repayments of financings, the Company cannot guarantee that SLR Business Credit will be able to maintain consistent dividend payments to us. SLR Business Credit s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as an exhibit to this annual 
 report 
 on Form 
 10-K.

 shares of the Company s common stock (with SUNS s stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Company s common stock). As a result of the Mergers, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock to former SUNS stockholders. 
 The Mergers are accounted for as an asset acquisition of SUNS by the Company in accordance with the asset acquisition method of accounting as detailed in ASC 805-50,
 Business Combinations Related Issues, with the fair value of total consideration paid in conjunction with the Mergers allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values as of the date of the Mergers. Generally, under asset acquisition accounting, acquiring assets in groups not only requires ascertaining the cost of the asset (or net assets), but also allocating that cost to the individual assets (or individual assets and liabilities) that make up the group. The cost of the group of assets acquired in an asset acquisition is allocated to the individual assets acquired or liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values of net identifiable assets acquired other than certain non-qualifying 
 assets (for example cash) and does not give rise to goodwill. The Company is the accounting survivor of the Mergers. The Mergers were considered a tax-free
 reorganization and the historical cost basis of the acquired SUNS investments are carried forward for tax purposes. Prior to the Mergers, SUNS was also managed by the Investment Adviser. 

Assets acquired:

Investments, at fair value

Cash

Other assets

Total assets acquired

Liabilities assumed:

Debt, at fair value

Other liabilities

Total liabilities assumed

Net assets acquired

Total purchase discount

() 

(1) 
 Based on the market price at closing of , adjusted for transaction costs. 
 Letter Agreement 

On April 1, 2022, in connection with the consummation of the Mergers, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement pursuant to which the Investment Adviser voluntarily agreed to a permanent basis point reduction of the annual base management fee rate payable by the Company to the Investment Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, resulting in an annual base management fee rate payable by the Company to the Investment Adviser of on gross assets up to of the Company s total net assets. The Company retained the annual base management fee rate payable by the Company to the Investment Adviser of on gross assets that exceed of the Company s total net assets. 
 
 12 1

Table of Contents 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

 December 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

of our outstanding shares of common stock. Under the repurchase program, we may, but are not obligated to, repurchase shares of our outstanding common stock in the open market from time to time provided that we comply with our code of ethics and the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18
 of the 1934 Act, including certain price, market volume and timing constraints. In addition, any repurchases will be conducted in accordance with the 1940 Act. Unless amended or extended by our Board, we expect the repurchase program to be in place until the earlier of or until 50,000 of our outstanding shares of common stock have been repurchased. The timing and number of shares to be repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions. There are no assurances that we will engage in any repurchases beyond what is reported herein. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares at an average price of approximately per share, inclusive of commissions. The total dollar amount of shares repurchased was . 
 , resulting in a total equity commitment of . Investment decisions and all material decisions in respect of SSLP must be approved by representatives of the Company and the Investor. 
 On December 1, 2022, SSLP commenced operations. On December 12, 2022, SSLP as servicer and SLR Senior Lending Program SPV LLC SSLP SPV ), a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary of SSLP, as borrower entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the SSLP Facility with Goldman Sachs Bank USA acting as administrative agent. The SSLP Facility is scheduled to mature on . The SSLP Facility generally bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus . SSLP and SSLP SPV, as applicable, have made certain customary representations and warranties, and are required to comply with various covenants, including leverage restrictions, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The SSLP Facility also includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. There were borrowings during the period December 12, 2022 to December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 the Company and the Investor had contributed combined equity capital in the amount of . As of December 31, 2022, the Company and the Investors remaining commitments to SSLP totaled and , respectively. The Company, along with the Investor, controls the funding of SSLP and SSLP may not call the unfunded commitments of the Company or the Investor without the approval of both the Company and the Investor. 
 . SSLP s portfolio consisted of floating rate senior secured loans to seven (7) different borrowers. For the period December 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022, SSLP invested in seven (7) portfolio companies. Investments prepaid totaled for the same period.

SSLP Portfolio as of December 31, 2022 

Description

Industry

Spread Above Index (1)

Floor

Interest Rate (2)

Maturity Date

Par Amount

Cost

Fair Value (3)

Atria Wealth Solutions, Inc. (4)

Diversified Financial Services 

BayMark Health Services, Inc. (4)

Health Care Providers Services 

ENS Holdings III Corp. ES Opco USA LLC (4)

Trading Companies Distributors 

Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC (4)

Personal Products 

High Street Buyer, Inc. (4)

Insurance 

Ivy Fertility Services, LLC (4)

Health Care Providers Services 

Kid Distro Holdings, LLC (4)

Software 

(1) 
 Floating rate instruments accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the LIBOR or SOFR. These instruments are typically subject to a LIBOR or SOFR floor. 

(2) 
 Floating rate debt investments typically bear interest at a rate determined by reference to either the LIBOR L or SOFR S ), and which typically reset monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. For each debt investment we have provided the current interest rate in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

(3) 
 Represents the fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820. The determination of such fair value is not included in the Board s valuation process described elsewhere herein. 

(4) 
 The Company also holds this security on its Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 

Cash and other assets

Total assets

Debt outstanding

Interest payable and other credit facility related expenses

Accrued expenses and other payables

Total liabilities

Members equity

Total liabilities and members equity

For the Period December 1, 2022 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2022

Selected Income Statement Information for SSLP:

Interest income

Service fees 

Interest and other credit facility expenses

Organizational costs

Other general and administrative expenses

Total expenses

Net investment loss

() 

Realized gain on investments

Net change in unrealized gain on investments

Net realized and unrealized gain on investments

Net loss

() 

per share payable on February 2, 2023 to holders of record as of January 26, 2023. 
 On February 2, 2023, the Board declared a monthly distribution of
 per share payable on March 1, 2023 to holders of record as of February 16, 2023. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Board declared a monthly distribution
 of per share payable on April 4, 2023 to holders of record as of March 23, 2023. 
 
 12 4

Table of Contents 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2022 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
 of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 

 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, which appears in Item 8 of this Form 10-K,
 is incorporated by reference herein. 

 (c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is set forth above under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Item 8. 

(d) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Management has not identified any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

125 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information about Directors 

Certain information with respect to each of the current directors is set forth below, including their names, ages, a brief description of their recent business experience, including present occupations and employment, certain directorships that each person holds, the year in which each person became a director of the Company, and a discussion of their particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that lead us to conclude that such individual should serve as a director of the Company, in light of the Company s business and structure. There were no legal proceedings of the type described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K
 in the past 10 years against any of the directors or officers of the Company and none are currently pending. There is no arrangement or understanding between any of the Company s directors or officers pursuant to which they were selected as directors or officers and the Company or any other person or entity. 
 Mr. Gross is an interested person of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act due to his position as Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President of the Company and a managing member of SLR Capital Partners, LLC SLR Capital Partners ), the Company s investment adviser. Mr. Spohler is an interested person of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act due to his position as Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and a managing member of SLR Capital Partners, the Company s investment adviser. Each of Mr. Wachter, Mr. Hochberg and Mr. Potter is not an interested person of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act. 

Name, Address and Age (1) 

Position(s) Held

with Company

Terms of Office and

Length of Time

Served

Principal

Occupation(s) During

Past 5 Years

Other Directorships

Held by Director or

Nominee for Director

During Past 5

Years (2) 

Interested Director

Michael S. Gross, 61 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President. 
 
 Class III Director since 2007; Term expires 2024. 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of SLR Investment Corp. and SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2019, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022; President of SLR Investment Corp. since November 2007, President of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018, President of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and President of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022; sole Chief Executive Officer of SLR Investment Corp. from November 2007 to June 2019 and sole Chief Executive Officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC from June 2018 to June 2019. President of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to April 2022, sole Chief Executive Officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to June 2019 and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from June 2019 to April 2022. Mr. Gross also currently serves as a managing member of SLR Capital Partners, LLC. 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, Chairman of the Board of Directors of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022; Previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to April 2022; and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Global Ship Lease Inc. 
 Mr. Gross intimate knowledge of the business and operations of SLR Capital Partners, extensive familiarity with the financial industry and the investment management process in particular, and experience as a director of other public and private companies not only gives the board of directors valuable insight but also positions him well to continue to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors. 

126 

Table of Contents 

Name, Address and Age (1) 

Position(s) Held

with Company

Terms of Office and

Length of Time

Served

Principal

Occupation(s) During

Past 5 Years

Other Directorships

Held by Director or

Nominee for Director

During Past 5

Years (2) 

Interested Director

Bruce Spohler, 62 
 
 Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Class II Director

 since 2009;

 Term expires

 2023.

Co-Chief Executive
 Officer of SLR Investment Corp. and of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2019, Co-Chief Executive
 Officer of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and Co-Chief Executive
 Officer of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022; Chief Operating Officer of SLR Investment Corp. since December 2007, Chief Operating Officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018, Chief Operating Officer of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and Chief Operating Officer of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Chief Operating Officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to April 2022 and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from June 2019 to April 2022. Mr. Spohler also currently serves as a managing member of SLR Capital Partners, LLC. 
 
 Director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, director of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. December 2010 to April 2022. 
 Mr. Spohler s depth of experience in managerial positions in investment management, leveraged finance and financial services, as well as his intimate knowledge of The Company s business and operations, gives the board of directors valuable industry-specific knowledge and experience on these and other matters. 

127 

Table of Contents 

Name, Address and Age (1) 

Position(s) Held

with Company

Terms of Office and

Length of Time

Served

Principal

Occupation(s) During

Past 5 Years

Other Directorships

Held by Director or

Nominee for Director

During Past 5

Years (2) 

Independent Director

Steven Hochberg, 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Class II Director since 2007; Term expires 2023. 
 
 Co-founder and co-general
 partner of Triatomic Capital G.P LLC since 2022. Operating Partner of Deerfield Management, a healthcare investment firm, since 2022. Partner of Deerfield Management from 2013 to 2021. Co-founder
 and manager of Ascent Biomedical Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on early stage investment and development of biomedical companies, since 2004. 
 
 Director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, director of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020, and director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since 2022. Since 2011, Mr. Hochberg had been the Chairman of the Board of Continuum Health Partners until its merger with Mount Sinai in 2013, where he is a vice chairman of Mount Sinai Health System, a non-profit
 healthcare integrated delivery system in New York City. Director of a number of private healthcare companies, and the Cardiovascular Research Foundation, an organization focused on advancing new technologies and education in the field of cardiovascular medicine. Previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from January 2011 to April 2022. 
 Mr. Hochberg s varied experience in investing in medical technology companies provides the board of directors with particular knowledge of this field, and his role as chairman of other companies board of directors brings the perspective of a knowledgeable corporate leader. 

128 

Table of Contents 

Name, Address and Age (1) 

Position(s) Held

with Company

Terms of Office and

Length of Time

Served

Principal

Occupation(s) During

Past 5 Years

Other Directorships

Held by Director or

Nominee for Director

During Past 5

Years (2) 

Independent Director

Leonard A. Potter, 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Class III Director since 2009; Term expires 2024. 
 
 President and Chief Investment Officer of Wildcat Capital Management, LLC, a registered investment adviser, since 2011; Co-founder
 and Senior Managing Director at Vida Ventures I and II, each a biotech venture fund, since 2017; Managing Director of Soros Private Equity at Soros Fund Management LLC from December 2002 through July 2009. 
 
 Director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, director of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020, and director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Director of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. since 2017, director of SuRo Capital Corp., a publicly-traded BDC, since 2011 (currently lead independent director), and director of several private companies. Previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from January 2011 to April 2022. 
 Mr. Potter s experience practicing as a corporate lawyer provides valuable insight to the board of directors on regulatory and risk management issues. In addition, his tenure in private equity and other investments and service as a director of both public and private companies provide industry-specific knowledge and experience to the board of directors. 

Name, Address and Age (1) 

Position(s) Held

with Company

Terms of Office and

Length of Time

Served

Principal

Occupation(s) During

Past 5 Years

Other Directorships

Held by Director or

Nominee for Director

During Past 5

Years (2) 

Independent Director

David S. Wachter, 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Class I Director since 2007; Term expires 2025. 
 
 Founding Partner and Managing Partner of W Capital Partners, a private equity fund manager, since 2001. 
 
 Director of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since May 2018, director of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020, and director of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Previously served as a director of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from January 2011 to April 2022. 
 Mr. Wachter s extensive knowledge of private equity and investment banking provides the board of directors with the valuable insight of an experienced financial manager. 

129 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 The business address of the director nominees and other directors is c/o SLR Investment Corp., 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

(2) 
 All of the Company s directors also serve as directors of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC, which are investment companies that have each elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC and for which SLR Capital Partners serves as investment adviser. Mr. Potter also serves as a director of SuRo Capital Corp., which is a closed-end
 management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC. 
 
 Information about Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors 

The following information, as of December 31, 2022, pertains to our executive officers who are not directors of the Company. 

Name, Address, and Age (1) 

Position(s) Held with

Company

Principal Occupation(s) During Past 5 Years

Richard L. Peteka, 61 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company since May 2012, chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018, chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020 and chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Previously served as the chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from May 2012 to April 2022. Mr. Peteka joined the Company from Apollo Investment Corporation, a publicly-traded BDC, where he served from 2004 to 2012 as the chief financial officer and treasurer. 

Guy Talarico, 67 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 Chief Compliance Officer of the Company since July 2008, chief compliance officer of SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC since June 2018, chief compliance officer of SLR HC BDC LLC since September 2020, and chief compliance officer of SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC since April 2022. Mr. Talarico serves as managing director of ACA Group, LLC (successor to Foreside Consulting Services LLC, and ultimate successor to Alaric Compliance Services, LLC, which he founded in December 2005). Previously served as the chief compliance officer of SLR Senior Investment Corp. from December 2010 to April 2022. Mr. Talarico has served and continues to serve as chief compliance officer for other BDCs, funds, and/or investment advisers who are not affiliated with the SLR Capital Partners entities. 

(1) 
 The business address of the executive officers is c/o SLR Investment Corp., 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol SLRC. 

 Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our board of directors, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.slrinvestmentcorp.com.

 The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include selecting the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company, reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning, scope and results of their audit of the Company s financial statements, pre-approving
 the fees for services performed, reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems, reviewing the Company s annual financial statements and periodic filings and receiving the 

130 

Table of Contents 
 Company s audit reports and financial statements. The Audit Committee also establishes guidelines and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding the valuation of our investments. The Audit Committee is responsible for aiding our board of directors in determining the fair value of debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. The board of directors and Audit Committee utilize the services of nationally recognized third-party valuation firms to help determine the fair value of these securities. The Audit Committee is currently composed of Messrs. Hochberg, Wachter and Potter, all of whom are considered independent under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and are not interested persons of the Company as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Hochberg serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Hochberg is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K,
 as promulgated under the 1934 Act. Mr. Hochberg meets the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3
 of the 1934 Act. 
 Communication with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders with questions about the Company are encouraged to contact the Company s investor relations department. However, if stockholders believe that their questions have not been addressed, they may communicate with the Company s board of directors by sending their communications to SLR Investment Corp., c/o Richard L. Peteka, Secretary, 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. All stockholder communications received in this manner will be delivered to one or more members of the board of directors. 

 Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to, among others, its senior officers, including its Co-Chief
 Executive Officers and its Chief Financial Officer, as well as every officer, director and employee of the Company. The Company s code of ethics can be accessed via its website at http://www.slrinvestmentcorp.com

. The Company intends to disclose amendments to or waivers from a required provision of the code of ethics on Form 8-K.
 
 Nomination of Directors 

There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors implemented since the filing of our Proxy Statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

Compensation of Executive Officers 

None of our officers receives direct compensation from the Company. As a result, we do not engage any compensation consultants. Mr. Gross, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, through their ownership interest in SLR Capital Partners, our investment adviser, are entitled to a portion of any profits earned by SLR Capital Partners, which includes any fees payable by us to SLR Capital Partners under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, less expenses incurred by SLR Capital Partners in performing its services under the Advisory Agreement. Messrs. Gross and Spohler do not receive any additional compensation from SLR Capital Partners in connection with the management of our portfolio. 
 Mr. Richard Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary and, through ACA Group, LLC, Guy Talarico, our Chief Compliance Officer, are paid by SLR Capital Management, our administrator, subject to reimbursement by us of an allocable portion of such compensation for services rendered by such persons to the Company. To the extent that SLR Capital Management outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to SLR Capital Management. 

 Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth the compensation of the Company s directors, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name

Fees Earned or Paid

 in Cash (1) 

Stock

 Awards (2) 

All Other

 Compensation

Total

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross

Bruce Spohler

Independent Directors

Steven Hochberg

145,000 

145,000 

David S. Wachter

140,000 

140,000 

Leonard A. Potter

140,000 

140,000 

(1) 
 For a discussion of the independent directors compensation, see below. 

(2) 
 We do not maintain a stock or option plan, non-equity
 incentive plan or pension plan for our directors. However, our independent directors have the option to receive all or a portion of the directors fees to which they would otherwise be entitled in the form of shares of our common stock issued at a price per share equal to the greater of our then current net asset value per share or the market price at the time of payment. No shares were issued to any of our independent directors in lieu of cash during 2022. 

131 

Table of Contents 
 Our independent directors annual fee is 100,000. The independent directors also receive 2,500 1,500 if participating telephonically) plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with attending each board meeting and 1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with each committee meeting attended. In addition, the Chairman of the Audit Committee receives an annual fee of 7,500, the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives an annual fee of 2,500 and the Chairman of the Compensation Committee receives an annual fee of 2,500. Further, we purchase directors and officers liability insurance on behalf of our directors and officers. In addition, no compensation was paid to directors who are interested persons of the Company as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our board of directors, a copy of which is available on our website at http://www.slrinvestmentcorp.com.

 The charter sets forth the responsibilities of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending for approval to our board of directors the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. In addition, although we do not directly compensate our executive officers currently, to the extent that we do so in the future, the Compensation Committee would also be responsible for reviewing and evaluating their compensation and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding their compensation. Lastly, the Compensation Committee would produce a report on our executive compensation practices and policies for inclusion in our proxy statement if required by applicable proxy rules and regulations and, if applicable, make recommendations to the board of directors with matters related to compensation generally. The Compensation Committee has the authority to engage compensation consultants and to delegate their duties and responsibilities to a member or to a subcommittee of the Compensation Committee. The members of the Compensation Committee are Messrs. Hochberg, Wachter and Potter, all of whom are considered independent under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market and are not interested persons of the Company as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Potter serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During fiscal year 2022 none of the Company s executive officers served on the board of directors (or a compensation committee thereof or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any entities that had one or more executive officers serve on the Compensation Committee of the Company or on the Board of Directors of the Company. No member of the Compensation Committee had any relationship requiring disclosure under any paragraph of Item 404 of Regulation S-K.
 
 Compensation Committee Report 

Currently, none of our executive officers are compensated by the Company, and as such the Company is not required to produce a report on executive officer compensation for inclusion in our annual report on Form 10-K.

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of February 24, 2023, the beneficial ownership of each current director, the nominees for directors, the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and the executive officers and directors as a group. 

 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our shares of common stock is based upon reports filed by such persons with the SEC and other information obtained from such persons, if available. 

132 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each beneficial owner set forth in the table has voting and investment power and has the same address as the Company. Our address is 500 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022.

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Number of Shares

 Owned Beneficially(1)

Percentage

 of Class(2)

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross(3)(4)

3,548,685 

6.5 

Bruce Spohler(3)

3,329,487 

6.1 

Independent Directors

Steven Hochberg

22,000 

Leonard A. Potter

14,872 

David S. Wachter

53,494 

0.1 

Executive Officers

Richard L. Peteka

28,872 

0.1 

Guy Talarico

10,350 

All executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons)

4,196,633

7.7

Thornburg Investment Management Inc.(5)

4,338,599 

8.0 

Represents less than one percent. 

(1)

Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3
 under the 1934 Act. Assumes no other purchases or sales of our common stock since the most recently available SEC filings. This assumption has been made under the rules and regulations of the SEC and does not reflect any knowledge that we have with respect to the present intent of the beneficial owners of our common stock listed in this table. 

(2)

Based on a total of 54,554,634 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 

(3)

Includes 1,285,013 shares held by Solar Capital Investors, LLC and 715,000 shares held by Solar Capital Investors II, LLC, 355,107 shares held by Solar Senior Capital Investors, LLC and 77 shares held by SLR Capital Management, LLC, a portion of each which may be deemed to be indirectly beneficially owned by Michael S. Gross, by Bruce Spohler and a grantor retained annuity trust GRAT setup by and for Mr. Gross by virtue of their collective ownership interest therein. Also includes 455,930 shares held by Solar Capital Partners Employee Stock Plan LLC, which is controlled by SLR Capital Partners, LLC. Mr. Gross and Mr. Spohler may be deemed to beneficially own a portion of the shares held by Solar Capital Partners Employee Stock Plan LLC by virtue of their collective ownership interest in SLR Capital Partners, LLC. Each of Mr. Gross and Mr. Spohler disclaim beneficial ownership of any shares of our common stock directly held by Solar Capital Partners Employee Stock Plan LLC, Solar Capital Investors, LLC, Solar Capital Investors II, LLC, Solar Senior Capital Investors, LLC and SLR Capital Management, LLC, except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interest therein. Also includes 199,466 shares held in a trust of which Bruce Spohler became co-trustee
 in which he and certain members of his immediate family are beneficiaries (the Spohler Trust and 243,021 shares held by a limited liability company in which he owns a pro rata interest (the Spohler LLC ). Mr. Spohler disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares in the Spohler Trust and the Spohler LLC. 

(4)

Includes 152,166 shares directly held by Michael S. Gross profit sharing plan (the Profit Sharing Plan ). Mr. Gross may be deemed to directly beneficially own these shares as the sole participant in the Profit Sharing Plan. Also includes 117,617 shares held by certain trusts for the benefit of family members for which Mr. Gross serves as trustee (the Family Trusts ). Mr. Gross may be deemed to directly beneficially own these shares by virtue of his control with respect to the Family Trusts, and disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Family Trusts except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(5)

Based upon information contained in the Schedule 13G filed February 13, 2023 by Thornburg Investment Management Inc. Such securities are held by certain investment vehicles controlled and/or managed by Thornburg Investment Management Inc. or its affiliates. The address for Thornburg Investment Management Inc. is 2300 North Ridgetop Road, Santa Fe, New Mexico 87506. 

Set forth below is the dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors as of February 24, 2023. We are not part of a family of investment companies, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. 

133 

Table of Contents 

Name of Director

Dollar Range

 of Equity

 Securities

 Beneficially

 Owned(1)(2)

Interested Directors

Michael S. Gross

Over 
 100,000 

Bruce Spohler

Over 
 100,000 

Independent Directors

Steven Hochberg

Over 
 100,000 

Leonard A. Potter

Over 
 100,000 

David S. Wachter

Over 
 100,000 

(1) 
 The dollar ranges are: None, 1- 10,000,
 10,001- 50,000,
 50,001- 100,000,
 or Over 100,000. 

(2) 
 The dollar range of equity securities beneficially owned in us is based on the closing price for our common stock of 14.73 on February 24, 2023 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2)
 of the 1934 Act. 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with SLR Capital Partners. Mr. Gross, our Chairman, Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President, and Mr. Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and board member, are managing members and senior investment professionals of, and have financial and controlling interests in, SLR Capital Partners. In addition, Mr. Richard Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, serves as the Chief Financial Officer for SLR Capital Partners. 
 SLR Capital Partners and its affiliates may also manage other funds in the future that may have investment mandates that are similar, in whole and in part, with ours. For example, SLR Capital Partners presently serves as investment adviser to private funds and managed accounts as well as to SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC, which focuses on investing primarily in senior secured loans, including non-traditional
 asset-based loans and first lien loans, SLR HC BDC LLC, an unlisted BDC whose principal focus is to invest directly and indirectly in senior secured loans and other debt instruments typically to middle market companies within the healthcare industry, and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC, an unlisted BDC whose principal focus is to investment in first lien senior secured floating rate loans primarily to upper middle market leveraged companies with EBITDA between approximately 25 million and 250 million that have significant free cash flow and are in non-cyclical
 industries in which the Investment Adviser has significant experience. In addition, Michael S. Gross, our Chairman and Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Bruce Spohler, our Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, and Richard L. Peteka, our Chief Financial Officer, serve in similar capacities for SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC. 
 SLR Capital Partners and certain investment advisory affiliates may determine that an investment is appropriate for us and for one or more of those other funds. In such event, depending on the availability of such investment and other appropriate factors, SLR Capital Partners or its affiliates may determine that we should invest side-by-side

 with one or more other funds. Any such investments will be made only to the extent permitted by applicable law and interpretive positions of the SEC and its staff, and consistent with SLR Capital Partners allocation procedures. 
 Related party transactions may occur among us, SLR Senior Lending Program LLC, SLR Senior Lending Program SPV LLC, SLR Credit, Equipment Operating Leases LLC, KBH, Loyer Capital LLC, SLR Business Credit, SLR Healthcare ABL and SLR Equipment. These transactions may occur in the normal course of business. No administrative or other fees are paid to the Investment Adviser by SLR Senior Lending Program LLC, SLR Senior Lending Program SPV LLC, SLR Credit, Equipment Operating Leases LLC, KBH, Loyer Capital LLC, SLR Business Credit, SLR Healthcare ABL or SLR Equipment. 

 In addition, we have adopted a formal code of ethics that governs the conduct of our officers and directors. Our officers and directors also remain subject to the duties imposed by both the 1940 Act and the Maryland General Corporation Law. 

 Regulatory restrictions limit our ability to invest in any portfolio company in which any affiliate currently has an investment. The Company obtained its most recent exemptive order from the SEC on June 13, 2017 (the Exemptive Order ). The Exemptive Order permits us to participate in negotiated co-investment
 transactions with certain affiliates, each of whose investment adviser is an investment adviser that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with SLR Capital Partners and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors, and pursuant to the conditions to the Exemptive Order. We 

134 

Table of Contents 
 believe that it will be advantageous for us to co-invest
 with funds managed by SLR Capital Partners where such investment is consistent with the investment objectives, investment positions, investment policies, investment strategy, investment restrictions, regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors applicable to us. 
 We have entered into a license agreement with SLR Capital Partners, pursuant to which SLR Capital Partners has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive,
 royalty-free license to use the names SLR and SOLAR . In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, SLR Capital Management provides us with the office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day

 operations. 
 Board Consideration of the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement 

Our board of directors determined at a meeting held on November 2, 2022 to approve the Advisory Agreement between the Company and SLR Capital Partners. In its consideration of the approval of the Advisory Agreement, the board of directors focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: 

the nature, extent and quality of advisory and other services provided by SLR Capital Partners, including information about the investment performance of the Company relative to its stated objectives and in comparison to the performance of the Company s peer group and relevant market indices, and concluded that such advisory and other services are satisfactory and the Company s investment performance is reasonable; 

the experience and qualifications of the personnel providing such advisory and other services, including information about the backgrounds of the investment personnel, the allocation of responsibilities among such personnel and the process by which investment decisions are made, and concluded that the investment personnel of SLR Capital Partners have extensive experience and are well qualified to provide advisory and other services to the Company; 

the current fee structure, the existence of any fee waivers, and the Company s anticipated expense ratios in relation to those of other investment companies having comparable investment policies and limitations, and concluded that the current fee structure is reasonable; 

the advisory fees charged by SLR Capital Partners to the Company, to SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, to SLR HC BDC LLC, to SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC and comparative data regarding the advisory fees charged by other investment advisers to business development companies with similar investment objectives, and concluded that the advisory fees charged by SLR Capital Partners to the Company are reasonable; 

the direct and indirect costs, including for personnel and office facilities, that are incurred by SLR Capital Partners and its affiliates in performing services for the Company and the basis of determining and allocating these costs, and concluded that the direct and indirect costs, including the allocation of such costs, are reasonable; 

possible economies of scale arising from the Company s size and/or anticipated growth, and the extent to which such economies of scale are reflected in the advisory fees charged by SLR Capital Partners to the Company, and concluded that some economies of scale may be possible in the future; 

other possible benefits to SLR Capital Partners and its affiliates arising from their relationships with the Company, and concluded that all such other benefits were not material to SLR Capital Partners and its affiliates; and 

possible alternative fee structures or bases for determining fees, and concluded that the Company s current fee structure and bases for determining fees are satisfactory. 

Based on the information reviewed and the discussions detailed above, the board of directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act, concluded that the fees payable to SLR Capital Partners pursuant to the Advisory Agreement were reasonable, and comparable to the fees paid by other management investment companies with similar investment objectives, in relation to the services to be provided. The board of directors did not assign relative weights to the above factors or the other factors considered by it. Individual members of the board of directors may have given different weights to different factors. 

135 

Table of Contents 
 Director Independence

In accordance with rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, our board of directors annually determines each director s independence. We do not consider a director independent unless the board of directors has determined that he has no material relationship with us. We monitor the relationships of our directors and officers through a questionnaire each director completes no less frequently than annually and updates periodically as information provided in the most recent questionnaire changes. 

 Our governance guidelines require any director who has previously been determined to be independent to inform the Chairman of the board of directors, the Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and our Secretary of any change in circumstance that may cause his status as an independent director to change. The board of directors limits membership on the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee to independent directors. 

 In order to evaluate the materiality of any such relationship, the board of directors uses the definition of director independence set forth in the rules promulgated by the NASDAQ Stock Market. Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that a director of a BDC, shall be considered to be independent if he or she is not an interested person of such BDC, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 

 The board of directors has determined that each of the directors is independent and has no relationship with us, except as a director and stockholder, with the exception of Michael S. Gross, as a result of his positions as the Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and President of the Company and a Managing Member of SLR Capital Partners, and Bruce Spohler, as a result of his positions as the Co-Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and a Managing Member of SLR Capital Partners. 
 Indemnification Agreements 

We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors. The indemnification agreements are intended to provide our directors the maximum indemnification permitted under Maryland law and the 1940 Act. Each indemnification agreement provides that SLR Capital shall indemnify the director who is a party to the agreement (an Indemnitee ), including the advancement of legal expenses, if, by reason of his or her corporate status, the Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to or a witness in any threatened, pending, or completed proceeding, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and the 1940 Act. 

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

KPMG LLP has advised us that neither the firm nor any present member or associate of it has any material financial interest, direct or indirect, in the Company or its affiliates. 

 Table below in thousands 

Fiscal Year

 Ended

 December 31,

 2022

Fiscal Year

 Ended

 December 31,

 2021

Audit Fees

828.1 

689.6 

Audit-Related Fees

Tax Fees

166.3 

170.8 

All Other Fees

20.0 

55.0 

Total Fees:

1,014.4 

915.4 
 
 Audit Fees:

 Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end
 financial statements and quarterly reviews and services that are normally provided by KPMG LLP in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 Audit-Related Fees:

 Audit-related services consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 Tax Services Fees:

 Tax services fees consist of fees for professional tax services. These services also include assistance regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 
 All Other Fees:

 Other fees would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

136 

Table of Contents 
 Pre-Approval
 Policy 

The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval
 policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm KPMG ). The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve
 the audit and non-audit
 services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the auditor s independence. 
 Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval
 must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval,
 irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval
 is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval
 authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval
 decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve
 services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to management. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee pre-approved
 100 of the services described in this policy. 

137 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV 

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

a. Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

The following reports and consolidated financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Page

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

85 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

86 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

88 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

89 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

90 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

91 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

92 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

102 

138 

Table of Contents 
 b. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit

Number

Description

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger among SLR Investment Corp., SLR Senior Investment Corp., Solstice Merger Sub, Inc. and SLR Capital Partners, LLC (for the limited purposes set forth therein), dated as of December 1, 2021(12) 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement(1) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment (11) 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws(12) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate(2) 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2012, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee(3) 

4.3 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 22, 2017, relating to the 4.50 Notes due 2023, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee, including the Form of 4.50 Notes due 2023(8) 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities(19) 

10.1 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan(1) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Credit Agreement dated as of August 28, 2019 (as amended December 28, 2021) among SLR Investment Corp., Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, and Citibank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation as Joint Lead Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers(13) 

10.3 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Investment Advisory and Management Agreement by and between the Registrant and SLR Capital Partners, LLC(7) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Custodian Agreement(6) 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement by and between Registrant and SLR Capital Management, LLC(5) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Registrant and each of its directors(1) 

10.7 
 
 First Amended and Restated Trademark License Agreement by and between Registrant and SLR Capital Partners, LLC(11) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Share Purchase Agreement by and between Registrant and SLR Capital Investors II, LLC(2) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement(4) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement(4) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Registrant and the lenders party thereto(9) 

10.12 
 
 Form of First Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Registrant and the lenders party thereto(9) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Second Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Registrant and the lenders party thereto(9) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Third Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Registrant and the lenders party thereto(9) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Fifth Supplement to Note Purchase Agreement(14) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2011, by and between SUNS SPV LLC, as the contributee, and SLR Senior Investment Corp., as the contributor(15) 

139 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

Number

Description

10.17 
 
 Form of Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2011 (as amended through the Tenth Amendment dated as of December 29, 2021), by and among SLR Senior Investment Corp., as the servicer and the transferor, SUNS SPV LLC, as the borrower, each of the conduit lenders from time to time party thereto, each of the liquidity banks from time to time party thereto, each of the lender agents from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as the administrative agent and collateral agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as the account bank, the backup servicer and the collateral custodian(16) 

10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022, between SLR Investment Corp. and SLR Capital Partners, LLC(17) 

10.19 
 
 Credit Facility Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022, by SLR Investment Corp.(17) 

10.20 
 
 Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2022, made by SLR Investment Corp. for the benefit of the holders of Notes issued under the Note Purchase Agreement(17) 

10.21 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, between SLR Senior Investment Corp. and the purchasers party thereto(18) 

10.22 
 
 Form of SLR Senior Lending Program LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, by and between SLR Investment Corp. and Sunstone Senior Credit L.P. (20) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

14.2 
 
 Code of Business Conduct(5) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of SLR Investment Corp. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.3 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.4 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.5 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.6 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Crystal Financial LLC (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

140 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

Number

Description

99.2 
 
 NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

99.3 
 
 KBH Topco, LLC (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

99.4 
 
 Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC and Subsidiary Consolidated Financial Statements years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

99.5 
 
 North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Report years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

99.6 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Supplemental Information 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

(1) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s registration statement on Form N-2
 Pre-Effective
 Amendment No. 7 (File No. 333-148734)
 filed on January 7, 2010. 

(2) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s registration statement on Form N-2
 (File No 333-148734)
 filed on February 9, 2010. 

(3) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s registration statement on Form N-2
 Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 (File No. 333-172968)
 filed on November 16, 2012. 

(4) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on November 29, 2010. 

(5) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s registration statement on Form N-2
 Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 (File No. 333-172968)
 filed on November 12, 2013. 

(6) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-K
 filed on February 25, 2014. 

(7) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-Q
 filed on August 6, 2018. 

(8) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s registration statement on Form N-2
 Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 (File No. 333-194870)
 filed on November 22, 2017. 

(9) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-K
 filed on February 20, 2020. 

(10) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-K
 filed on February 24, 2021. 

(11) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on February 25, 2021. 

(12) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on December 1, 2021. 

(13) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 3, 2022. 

(14) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 12, 2022. 

(15) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Senior Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 (File No. 814-00849)
 filed on August 31, 2011. 

(16) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-Q
 filed on May 3, 2022. 

(17) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on April 1, 2022. 

(18) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Senior Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-Q
 (File No. 814-00849)
 filed on May 7, 2020. 

(19) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 1, 2022. 

(20) 
 Previously filed in connection with SLR Investment Corp. s report on Form 8-K
 filed on October 12, 2022. 

Filed herewith. 

141 

Table of Contents 
 c. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

Separate Financial Statements of Subsidiaries Not Consolidated: 

 Consolidated Financial Statements for Crystal Financial LLC s (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements for NEF Holdings, LLC s (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as Exhibit 99.2 hereto. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements for KBH Topco LLC s (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as Exhibit 99.3 hereto. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements for Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC and Subsidiary year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as Exhibit 99.4 hereto. 

 Consolidated Financial Statements for North Mill Holdco LLC year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are attached as Exhibit 99.5 hereto. 

Item 16.

Form 10-K
 Summary 

None. 

142 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SLR INVESTMENT CORP.

By: 
 
 /s/ M ICHAEL
 S. G ROSS

/s/ B RUCE
 J. S POHLER

Michael S. Gross

Co-Chief Executive
 Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and Director

 Date: February 28, 2023

Bruce J. Spohler

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Operating Officer and

 Director

Date: February 28, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Date

Signature

Title

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ M ICHAEL
 S. G ROSS

Michael S. Gross

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ B RUCE
 J. S POHLER

Bruce J. Spohler

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ S TEVEN
 H OCHBERG

Steven Hochberg

Director 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ D AVID
 S. W ACHTER

David S. Wachter

Director 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ L EONARD
 A. P OTTER

Leonard A. Potter

Director 

February 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ R ICHARD
 L. P ETEKA

Richard L. Peteka

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Secretary 

143 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 d437884dex141.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14.1 

Exhibit 14.1 
 Joint Code of Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 

I. 
 INTRODUCTION 
 SLR Capital Partners, LLC (the Adviser seeks to foster and maintain a reputation for honesty, integrity and
professionalism. That reputation is a vital business asset. The confidence and trust placed in Adviser are highly valued and must be protected. Adviser has adopted this Code of Ethics (the Code in accordance with Rules 204A-1 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 17j-l under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Code includes Adviser s policy with respect to
personal investment and trading and its insider trading policy and procedures. SLR Investment Corp., SCP Private Credit Income BDC LLC, SLR HC BDC LLC and SLR Private Credit BDC II LLC (collectively referred to as, the BDC 
 or the Company have similarly and jointly adopted this Code of Ethics. Thus, this Code of Ethics is applicable to all Access Persons (as defined below) of the Adviser and the Company (collectively
 SLR Capital ). 

II. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 A. Access Person. The term Access Person means (i) any Supervised Person who (1) has access to
nonpublic information regarding a Client s purchase or sale of securities; (2) has access to nonpublic information regarding the portfolio holdings of any Reportable Fund; and/or (3) is involved in making securities recommendations to
Clients or who has access to such recommendations that are nonpublic and (ii) all of the directors, officers, employees, members or partners of SLR Capital. By way of example, Access Persons include portfolio management personnel and service
representatives who communicate investment advice to Clients. Administrative, technical, and clerical personnel may also be Access Persons if their functions or duties provide them with access to nonpublic information. 
 B. Advisers Act. The term Advisers Act means the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
 C. Automatic Investment Plan. An Automatic Investment Plan is a program in which regular periodic purchases
or withdrawals are made automatically in or from investment accounts according to a predetermined schedule and allocation. An Automatic Investment Plan includes a dividend reinvestment plan. 
 D. Beneficial Ownership Interest. You will be considered to have Beneficial Ownership Interest in a Security
if: (i) you have a Pecuniary Interest in the Security; (ii) you have voting power with respect to the Security, meaning the power to vote or direct the voting of the Security; or (iii) you have the power to dispose, or direct the
disposition of, the Security. If you have any question about whether an interest in a Security or an account constitutes Beneficial Ownership of that Security, you should contact the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 E. Chief Compliance Officer. The Chief Compliance Officer is the Access Person designated respectively by
Adviser and BDC for each entity respectively as such, as identified in SLR Capital s Compliance Policies and Procedures Manual. 
 F. Client. The term Client means any investment entity or account advised or managed or sub-advised by Adviser, including any pooled investment vehicle advised or sub-advised by Adviser. 
 G. Commission. The term Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 A-1 

H. Compliance Officer. The term Compliance Officer 
 shall mean an Access Person deemed by SLR Capital to be sufficiently experienced to perform senior-level compliance functions, and shall include the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 I. Disinterested Director. The term Disinterested Director means a director of the Company who is not
an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act. J. 
Exchange Act. The term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. K. Federal
Securities Laws. The term Federal Securities Laws means the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Investment Company Act, the Advisers Act, Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, any rules
adopted by the Commission under any of these statutes, the Bank Secrecy Act as it applies to funds and investment advisers, and any rules adopted under the Bank Secrecy Act by the Commission or the Department of the Treasury. 
 L. Fund. The term Fund means any pooled investment vehicle, whether registered, required to be registered, or
exempt from registration as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. M. Immediate Family. The
term Immediate Family includes a Supervised Person s child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling,
 mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, and includes any adoptive relationship. 
 N. Broad-Based Securities. The term Broad-Based Securities means interests in
 exchange-traded funds or derivatives based on broad-based market indices, sectors, or industries. This term does not include custom exchange-traded funds or exchange-traded funds based on less than 5
companies. O. Initial Public Offering. The term Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities
registered under the Securities Act, the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 P. Investment Company Act. The term Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended. Q. Limited Offering. The term Limited Offering means an offering, typically referred to as a
 private placement , that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. R. 
 Non-Reportable Securities. The term Non-Reportable Securities means: (i) direct obligations of the U.S. Government;
(ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments (defined as any instrument that has a maturity at issuance of less than 366 days and that is rated in one of the two
highest rating categories by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization), including repurchase agreements; (iii) shares issued by money market funds; (iv) shares issued by open-end funds
registered under the Investment Company Act, other than Reportable Funds; and (v) shares issued by unit investment trusts that are invested exclusively in one or more open end funds, none of which are Reportable Funds. 
 S. Partners. The term Partners refers to Michael Gross and Bruce Spohler. 
 A-2 

T. Pecuniary Interest. You will be considered to have a Pecuniary
Interest in a Security if you, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, have the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to profit or share in any profit derived from a
transaction in the Security. The term Pecuniary Interest is construed very broadly. The following examples illustrate this principle: (i) ordinarily, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities
owned by members of your Immediate Family who share the same household with you; (ii) if you are a general partner of a general or limited partnership, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the
partnership; (iii) if you are a shareholder of a corporation or similar business entity, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the corporation if you are a controlling shareholder or have or share
investment control over the corporation s investment portfolio; (iv) if you have the right to acquire equity Securities through the exercise or conversion of a derivative Security, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the
Securities, whether or not your right is presently exercisable; (v) if you are the sole member or a manager of a limited liability company, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the Securities held by the limited liability company;
and (vi) ordinarily, if you are a trustee or beneficiary of a trust, where either you or members of your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or income of the trust, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all
Securities held by that trust. If you have any question about whether an interest in a Security or an account constitutes a Pecuniary Interest, you should contact the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 U. Reportable Fund. The term Reportable Fund means (i) any Fund for which Adviser serves as investment
adviser; or (ii) any Fund whose investment adviser or principal underwriter controls Adviser, is controlled by Adviser, or is under common control with Adviser. As used in this definition, the term control has the same meaning as it does
in Section 2(a)(9) of the Investment Company Act. V. Reportable Security. The term Reportable
Security means all Securities other than Non-Reportable Securities. Reportable Securities include Broad-Based Securities, municipal securities and any other securities not specifically included
in the definition of a Non-Reportable Security. W. Restricted List. The
 Restricted List is a list maintained by the Chief Compliance Officer as specified by SLR Capital s Insider Trading Policies and Procedures . 
 X. SEC. The term SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Y. Securities Act. The term Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Z. Security. The term Security has the same meaning as it has in section 202(a)(18) of the Advisers Act.
For purposes of this Code, the following are Securities: Any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of
indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, preorganization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of
deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any
interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or
any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any security. 
 A-3 

The following are not Securities: 
 Commodities, futures and options traded on a commodities exchange, including currency futures, except that (i) options on any group or
index of Securities and (ii) futures on any group or narrow-based index of Securities are Securities. You should note that
 Security includes a right to acquire a Security, as well as an interest in a collective investment vehicle (such as a limited partnership or limited liability company). 
 AA. Supervised Person. The term Supervised Person means (i) any partner, member, officer or director of
SLR Capital, or other person occupying a similar status or performing similar function; (ii) any employee of SLR Capital; (iii) any U.S. consultant who has been contracted by SLR Capital for more than ninety (90) days; and
(iv) any other person who provides advice on behalf of SLR Capital and is subject to SLR Capital s supervision and control. 

III. 
 ANTI-BRIBERY REQUIREMENTS 
 The Adviser is committed to complying with the laws and regulations designed to combat bribery and corruption (herein after referred to as
 anti-bribery and to seeking and retaining business on the basis of merit, not through bribery or corruption. 
 It is the Adviser s policy that: 

Personnel may not provide anything of value to obtain or retain business or favored treatment from public
officials; candidates for office; employees of state-owned enterprises; clients/customers, or suppliers; any agent of the aforementioned parties; or any other person with whom the Adviser does or anticipates doing business. 

The prohibition against providing anything of value to obtain or retain business or favored treatment
includes obvious improper payments, such as cash bribes or kickbacks, but also may include other direct or indirect benefits and advantages, such as gifts, meals, entertainment, charitable contributions, and offers of employment or internships that
are inappropriate. 

The prohibition extends not only to public officials, but also to corporate clients and other private parties.

The Adviser prohibits its personnel from requesting or accepting bribes and other improper financial advantages,
as well as offering them. The Adviser maintains written policies, procedures and internal controls reasonably designed
to comply with anti-bribery laws (the Anti-Bribery Program ). The Anti-Bribery Program includes a risk assessment process, education and training, review and approval processes, due diligence procedures, accounting processes
and independent testing processes. The Adviser expects all of its agents and vendors to (i) maintain policies and procedures applicable to their circumstances and proportionate to the risks they face and (ii) to act at all times in a
manner consistent with the Adviser s anti-bribery policies. Personnel who engage in or facilitate bribery, or who fail to comply
with all applicate anti-bribery laws, regulations, and the Adviser s anti-bribery and related policies, may be subject to disciplinary action. The Adviser reserves the right to terminate immediately any business relationship that violates the
Adviser s anti-bribery policies. 
 A-4 

The Adviser will conduct targeted email reviews, discussion of the policy will be conducted
in code of ethics training. Any exceptions to the policy will be reported to Management. 

IV. 
 PERSONAL INVESTMENT AND TRADING POLICY 

A. 
 General Statement 
 SLR Capital is committed to maintaining the highest standard of business conduct. 
 SLR Capital and its Supervised Persons must not act or behave in any manner or engage in any activity that (1) involves or creates even
the suspicion or appearance of the misuse of material, nonpublic information by SLR Capital or any Supervised Person or (2) gives rise to, or appears to give rise to, any breach of fiduciary duty owed to any Client or investor. 
 In addition, the Federal Securities Laws require that investment advisers maintain a record of every transaction in any Security, with certain
exceptions, as described below, in which any Access Person acquires or disposes of Beneficial Ownership where the Security is or was held in an account over which the Access Person has direct or indirect influence or control. Given the current size
of its operations, SLR Capital has chosen to require reporting of transactions, as well as pre-approval of certain transactions, for all Supervised Persons (subject to the specific exceptions in the Code),
rather than only Access Persons. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Disinterested Directors are not subject to the preclearance and reporting requirements of the Code. However, with respect to the Company s securities Disinterested Directors must
transact during the window periods and subsequently report the transaction detail to the Company on the day of the transaction. SLR
Capital has developed the following policies and procedures relating to personal trading in Securities and the reporting of such personal trading in Securities in order to ensure that each Supervised Person satisfies the requirements of this Code.

B. 
 Requirements of this Code 
 1. Duty to Comply with Applicable Laws. 
 All Supervised Persons are required to comply with the Federal Securities Laws, the fiduciary duty owed by Adviser to its Clients, as
applicable, and this Code. 2. Insider Trading Controls 
 All Supervised Persons are required to comply with the Insider Trading Policies and Procedures adopted by the Adviser and the BDC which
appears as Appendix VII of this Code of Ethics and is incorporated herein by this reference. 3. Duty to Report Violations.
 Each Supervised Person is required by law to promptly notify the Chief Compliance Officer or designee in the event he or she knows or has
reason to believe that he or she or any other Supervised Person has violated any provision of this Code. If a Supervised Person knows or has reason to believe that the Chief Compliance Officer has violated any provision of this Code, the Supervised
Person must promptly notify the Chief Financial Officer and is not required to notify the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 A-5 

SLR Capital is committed to fostering a culture of compliance. SLR Capital therefore urges
you to contact the Chief Compliance Officer or designee if you have any questions regarding compliance. You will not be penalized and your status at SLR Capital will not be jeopardized by communicating with the Chief Compliance Officer. Reports of
violations or a suspected violations also may be submitted anonymously to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee. Any retaliatory action taken against any person who in good faith reports a violation or a suspected violation of this Code is itself
a violation of this Code and cause for appropriate corrective action, including dismissal. 4. Supervised Personnel to be Supplied Copies,
and Furnish Acknowledgements of Receipt of the Code of Ethics and Any Amendments Thereof. SLR Capital will provide all Supervised Persons
with a copy of this Code and all subsequent amendments. By law, all Supervised Persons must in turn provide written acknowledgement to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee of their initial receipt and review of this Code, their annual review of
this Code and their receipt and review of any subsequent amendments to this Code. C. Restrictions on Supervised Persons Trading in
Securities 1. Generally. 
 Purchases of Reportable Securities (other than Broad-Based Securities) by Supervised Persons and participation by Supervised Persons in an
Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering require advance preclearance approval, in writing, by a Compliance Officer together with the specific approval of both Partners. 
 Sales of Reportable Securities (other than Broad-Based Securities) by Supervised Persons require advance preclearance approval, in writing, by
a Compliance Officer together with the specific approval of both Partners. All Supervised Person personal trading in
Securities (other than Broad-Based Securities) is subject to the following further requirements and/or restrictions. (a) Any transaction
in a Security subject to the Restricted List of issuers maintained by SLR Capital is strictly prohibited. (b) Any transaction in a
Security which the Supervised Person knows or has reason to know is being purchased or sold, or is being considered for purchase or sale, by or on behalf of a Client is prohibited until the Client s transaction has been completed or
consideration of the transaction is abandoned. A Security is being considered for purchase or sale the earlier of (i) when a recommendation to purchase or sell has been made and communicated or (ii) the Security is
placed on Adviser s research project lists or, (iii) with respect to the Supervised Person making the recommendation, when the Supervised Person seriously considers making such a recommendation. 
 (c) No Supervised Person may engage in a transaction in a Security, which includes an interest in a Fund, if the Supervised Person s
transaction would otherwise disadvantage or appear to disadvantage a Client or if the Supervised Person would inappropriately profit from or appear to so profit from the transaction, whether or not at the expense of the Client. For the avoidance
of doubt, this prohibition applies to any Security held, at the time of a personal transaction, in any Client account . (d) Any
transaction in a Security during the period which begins three days before and ends three days after any Client has traded in that Security is prohibited, unless approved by a Compliance Officer. 
 A-6 

(e) No matched purchases and sales, or sales and purchases, in the same Security within a thirty-day period may be transacted without the advance approval of a Compliance Officer. This is requirement is reviewed on a first-in, 
 first-out basis. This means that a security that is already in someone s portfolio may be sold within thirty-days of a purchase if certain shares of that security were in the portfolio prior to the thirty-day period. (f) Personal account trading must be done on the Supervised Person s own time
without placing undue burden on SLR Capital s time. (g) No personal trades should be undertaken which are beyond the financial
resources of the Supervised Person. (h) For the avoidance of doubt : 
 (i) Supervised Person Transactions in Broad-Based Securities are subject to the reporting, but not the preclearance requirements of this Code.
 (ii) Supervised Person Transactions in Reportable Securities other than Broad-Based Securities are subject to both the preclearance and
the reporting requirements of this Code. (iii) Supervised Person Transactions by Disinterested Directors are not subject to the
preclearance and reporting requirements of this Code. However, with respect to the Company s securities Disinterested Directors must transact during the window periods and subsequently report the transaction detail to the Company on the day of
the transaction. 2. Accounts of Record 
 (a) You may not hold, and you may not permit any other person or entity to hold, on your behalf, any publicly traded Reportable Securities in
which you have, or by reason of a Supervised Person Purchase Transaction (as hereinafter defined) will acquire, a Beneficial Ownership Interest, except through an account of record with the Adviser maintained with a bank or
registered broker-dealer custodian (a custodian or a registered investment adviser. (b) You must provide
written notice to a Compliance Officer of your opening of an account with a bank or broker-dealer custodian or an investment adviser through which you (or your investment adviser, acting on your behalf) have the ability to purchase or sell publicly
traded Reportable Securities promptly after opening the account, and in any event before the first order for the purchase or sale of such Securities is placed through the account. A Compliance Officer will then ask you to complete and sign a written
notice to the account custodian or investment adviser (the forms of which are attached as Appendix IV and Appendix V hereto) which discloses your affiliation with the Adviser and requests that duplicate hard copies of trade confirmations and
periodic statements reflecting all holdings and transactions within the account be promptly and confidentially sent to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer. 1 A Compliance Officer will
review and, upon approval, transmit the notice to your account custodian or investment adviser. 

1 
 In lieu of using the referenced Appendices requesting the forwarding of hard-copy confirmations and
account statements, the Adviser will ordinarily ask, if feasible, that the account custodian agree to establish an automatic electronic feed of all account holding and transaction activity to the Adviser s area of the Personal Trade
Compliance Center PTCC online cloud system which the Adviser has licensed from Compliance Science, Inc. 
 A-7 

3. Transactions of Immediate Family Members. 
 There is a presumption that a Supervised Person can exert some measure of influence or control over accounts held by members of such
person s Immediate Family sharing the same household. Therefore, transactions by Immediate Family members sharing the same household are subject to the policies herein. A Supervised Person may rebut this presumption by presenting convincing
evidence, in writing, to the Chief Compliance Officer and request an exemption to one or more policies herein. All exemptions must be approved by the Chief Compliance Officer, in writing. 
 4. The following are Exempt Transactions that do not require preclearance by a Compliance Officer: 
 (a) Any transaction in Securities in an account over which a Supervised Person does not have any direct or indirect influence or control (such
as a fully discretionary managed account through a registered investment adviser). To rely upon this exemption, Supervised Persons must provide: (1) information about a trustee or third party manager s relationship to the Supervised
Person (i.e., independent professional versus friend or relative; unaffiliated versus affiliated firm); (2) periodic certifications regarding the Supervised Persons influence or control over trusts or accounts (or obtain the certification from
the third party manager or trustee when requested); and (3) when requested, reports on holdings and/or transactions made in the trust or discretionary account to identify transactions that would have been prohibited pursuant to the Code of
Ethics, absent reliance on the reporting exemption. (b) Purchases of Securities under Automatic Investment Plans (such as an
employer-sponsored 401(k) plan). (c) Purchases of Securities by exercise of rights issued to the holders of a class of Securities pro
rata, to the extent they are issued with respect to Securities in which a Supervised Person has a Beneficial Ownership Interest. (d)
Acquisitions or dispositions of Securities as the result of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, merger, consolidation, spin-off or other similar corporate distribution or reorganization
applicable to all holders of a class of Securities in which a Supervised Person has a Beneficial Ownership Interest. (e) Such other
specific or classes of transactions as may be exempted from time to time by the Chief Compliance Officer based upon a determination that the transactions are unlikely to violate Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers
Act. 5. Supervised Person Transaction Preclearance and Execution Procedures 
 The following procedures shall govern all transactions in which a Supervised Person intends to sell (a Supervised Person Sale
Transaction or intends to acquire (a Supervised Person Purchase Transaction together with Supervised Person Sale Transaction , a Supervised Person
Transaction a Beneficial Ownership Interest and which are subject to the requirement of securing advance preclearance approval, in writing, by a Compliance Officer. 
 (a) Preclearance. Requests for
preclearance of Supervised Person Transactions are to be delivered, confidentially and in writing (via the Adviser s email network), to the attention of a Compliance Officer and both Partners. Responses on behalf of such Compliance Officer and
both Partners will be conveyed, confidentially and in writing ordinarily via email, within two (2) business days regarding Supervised Person Transaction requests involving publicly traded Reportable Securities and five (5) business days
regarding Transaction requests involving other Reportable Securities. 
 A-8 

(i) Supervised Person Purchase Transactions. 
 Preclearance of Supervised Person Purchase Transactions may be withheld for any reason, or no reason, in the sole discretion of the Chief
Compliance Officer and both Partners. (ii) Supervised Person Sale Transactions. 
 A Supervised Person Sale may be disapproved if it is determined by the Chief Compliance Officer and both Partners that the Supervised Person
is unfairly benefiting from, or that the transaction is in conflict with, or appears to be in conflict with, any Client Transaction (as defined below), any of the above-described trading restrictions, or otherwise by this Code. The determination
that a Supervised Person may unfairly benefit from, or that a Supervised Person Sale may conflict with or appears to be in conflict with, a Client Transaction will be subjective and individualized, and may include questions about the timely and
adequate dissemination of information, availability of bids and offers, and other factors deemed pertinent for an individual Client transaction or series of transactions. It is possible that a disapproval of a Supervised Person Sale could be costly
to a Supervised Person or members of a Supervised Person s family; therefore, each Supervised Person should take great care to adhere to SLR Capital s trading restrictions and avoid conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of
interest. Any disapproval of a Supervised Person Sale Transaction shall be in writing. A Supervised Person may appeal any such
disapproval by written notice to the Partners within two business days after receipt of notice of disapproval. (b) Executions of
Supervised Person Transactions. (i) Transactions in Publicly Traded Reportable Securities. 
 Supervised Person Transactions in publicly traded Reportable Securities must, except upon the advance written approval of a Compliance
Officer, be executed through an account of record with the Adviser in accordance with Section III.C.3(b). (ii) Transactions in Other
Reportable Securities. Confirmation of Supervised Person Transactions in all other Reportable Securities must be promptly conveyed,
confidentially and in writing, to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer. 

V. 
 REPORTING 
 A. Reports About Securities Holdings and Transactions 
 Supervised Persons (other than Disinterested Directors) must submit to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee periodic written reports about
their Securities holdings, transactions, and accounts, and the Securities of other persons if the Supervised Person has a Beneficial Ownership Interest in such Securities and the accounts of other persons if the Supervised Person has direct or
indirect influence or control over such accounts. 2 The obligation to submit these reports and the content of these reports are 

2 
 In lieu of employing the referenced Appendices, Supervised Personnel will ordinarily perform required reporting
by utilizing the PTCC online system which the Adviser has licensed from Compliance Science, Inc. 
 A-9 

governed by the Federal Securities Laws. The reports are intended to identify conflicts of interest that could arise when a Supervised Person invests in a Security or holds accounts that permit
these investments, and to promote compliance with this Code. Adviser is sensitive to privacy concerns and will try not to disclose your reports to anyone unnecessarily. Report forms are attached. 
 Failure to file a timely, accurate, and complete report is a serious breach of Commission rules and this Code . If a
Supervised Person is late in filing a report, or files a report that is misleading or incomplete, the Supervised Person may face sanctions including identification by name to the Chief Compliance Officer, withholding of salary or bonuses, or
termination of employment. 1. Initial Disclosure Reports : Within ten days after you become a Supervised
Person (other than Disinterested Directors), you must submit to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee a securities accounts report (a form of which is attached as Appendix II thereto) and private investments report (a form of which is attached as
Appendix VI thereto) based on information that is current as of a date not more than 45 days prior to the date you become a Supervised Person. 
 (a) The Initial Report of Securities Accounts contains the following: 
 (i) The name/title and type of Security, and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, the number of equity shares and
principal amount of each Reportable Security in which you had a Beneficial Ownership Interest. You may provide this information by referring to attached copies of broker transaction confirmations or account statements from the applicable record
keepers that contain the information. (ii) The name and address of any broker, dealer, or bank or other institution (such as a general
partner of a limited partnership, or transfer agent of a company) that maintained any account holding any Securities in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest, and the account numbers and names of the persons for whom the accounts are held.
 (iii) An executed statement (and a letter or other evidence) pursuant to which you have instructed each broker, dealer, bank, or other
institution to provide duplicate account statements and confirmations of all Securities transactions, unless Adviser indicates that the information is otherwise available to it. The form of this statement is attached as Appendix IV (for personal
accounts) and Appendix V (for related accounts) hereto. (iv) The date you submitted the report. 
 (b) The Initial Report of Private Investments contains the following: 
 (i) A description of all private investments in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest, the principal amount of those private
investments, the approximate dates of acquisition, and whether the private investments involve or are associated with companies that have publicly traded debt or equity. 
 (ii) The date you submitted the report. 
 2. Quarterly Transaction Report : Unless, as noted below, the Chief Compliance Officer already receives trade
confirmations or account statements for all of your transactions in Reportable Securities, within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, you, as a Supervised Person (other than Disinterested Directors), must submit to the Chief Compliance
Officer or designee a transaction report, a form of which is attached as Appendix III hereto, that contains: 
 A-10 

(a) With respect to any transaction during the quarter in any Reportable Security in which
you had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, a Beneficial Ownership Interest: (i) The date of the transaction, the name/title and
as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, interest rate and maturity date, the number of equity shares of, or the principal amount of debt represented by, and principal amount of each Reportable Security involved; 
 (ii) The nature of the transaction, i.e., purchase, sale or other type of acquisition or disposition; 
 (iii) The price at which the transaction in the Reportable Security was effected; 
 (iv) The name of the broker, dealer, bank, or other institution with or through which the transaction was effected. 
 (b) The name and address of any broker, dealer, bank, or other institution, such as a general partner of a limited partnership, or transfer
agent of a company, that maintained any account in which any Securities were held during the quarter in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest, the account numbers and names of the persons for whom the accounts were held, and the date when
each account was established. (c) An executed statement, and a letter or other evidence, pursuant to which you have instructed each
broker, dealer, bank, or other institution that has established a new account over which you have direct or indirect influence or control during the past quarter to provide duplicate account statements and confirmations of all Securities
transactions to SLR Capital, unless SLR Capital indicates that the information is otherwise available to it. The form of this statement is attached as Appendix IV and Appendix V hereto. 
 (d) The date that you submitted the report. 
 You need not submit a quarterly transaction report to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee if it would duplicate information contained in trade
confirmations or account statements already received by the Chief Compliance Officer or designee, provided that those trade confirmations or statements are received not later than 30 days after the close of the calendar quarter in which the
transaction takes place. 3. Annual Employee Certification: You (other than Disinterested Directors) must, no later
than February 15 of each year, submit to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee an Annual Employee Certification, that is current as of a date no earlier than December 31 of the prior calendar year (the Annual Report
Date and that contains: (a) The name and address of any broker, dealer, investment advisor or bank or other institution,
such as a general partner of a limited partnership, or transfer agent of a company, that maintained any account holding any Securities in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest on the Annual Report Date, the account numbers and names of the
persons for whom the accounts are held, and the date when each account was established; this information may be provided through copies of statements of each such account. 
 (b) A description of any private investments in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest on the Annual Report Date, the principal amount
of the investment, the approximate date of the acquisition, and whether the private investment involves or is associated with a company that has publicly trade debt or equity. 
 A-11 

(c) The date that you submitted the report. 
 Exception to requirement to list transactions or holdings subject to IV.2 and IV.3(a) above : You are not required to submit
(i) holdings or transactions reports for any account over which you had no direct or indirect influence or control (such as a fully discretionary managed account through a registered investment advisor) or (ii) transaction reports with
respect to transactions effected pursuant to an Automatic Investment Plan, unless requested by SLR Capital. You must still identify the existence of the account in your list of accounts. Transactions that override preset schedules or allocations of
an automatic investment plan or trades that are directed by you in a fully discretionary managed account, however, must be included in a quarterly transaction report. 
 In order to take advantage of part (i) of the exception (accounts over which you had no direct or indirect influence or control), Access Persons must
provide: 

Information about a trustee or third party manager s relationship to the Access Person (i.e.,
independent professional versus friend or relative; unaffiliated versus affiliated firm); 

periodic certifications regarding the Access Persons influence or control over trusts or accounts (or
obtain the certification from the third party manager or trustee when requested); 

when requested, reports on holdings and/or transactions made in the trust or discretionary account to identify
transactions that would have been prohibited pursuant to the Code of Ethics, absent reliance on the reporting exemption. 
 4. Please ask the Chief Compliance Officer if you have questions about the above-described disclosure and transaction reporting requirements.
 B. Review of Reports and Other Documents 
 The Chief Compliance Officer or designee will review each report submitted by Supervised Persons, and each account statement or confirmation
from institutions that maintain their accounts, as promptly as practicable. In any event all Initial Disclosure Reports will be reviewed within 20 business days of receipt, and the review of all timely-submitted Quarterly Transaction Reports will be
completed by the end of the quarter in which received. As part of his or her review, the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee will confirm that all necessary pre-approvals have been obtained. To
ensure adequate scrutiny, documents concerning a member of the Compliance Office will be reviewed by a different member of the Compliance Office, or if there is only one member of the Compliance Office, by the Chief Financial Officer. 
 A report documenting the above review and any exceptions noted will be prepared by the Chief Compliance Officer and circulated to the Partners
within 60 days of the end of the quarter in which the reports were received. Review of submitted holding and transaction reports will
include not only an assessment of whether the Supervised Person followed all required procedures of this Code, such as preclearance, but may also: compare the personal trading to any restricted lists; assess whether the Supervised Person is trading
for his or her own account in the same securities he or she is trading for Clients, and, if so, whether the Clients are receiving terms as favorable as the Supervised Person receives; periodically analyze the Supervised Person s trading for
patterns that may indicate abuse, including market timing; investigate any substantial 
 A-12 

disparities between the quality of performance the Supervised Person achieves for his or her own account and that he or she achieves for Clients; and investigate any substantial disparities
between the percentage of trades that are profitable when the Supervised Person trades for his or her own account and the percentage that are profitable when he or she places trades for Clients. 

VI. 
 POLICY ON GIFTS 
 Gifts . A Supervised Person is prohibited from improperly using his or her position to obtain an item of value from any person or company
that does business with SLR Capital. Supervised Persons must report to a Compliance Officer receipt of any gift greater than 300 in value from any person or company that does business with the Company. Unsolicited business entertainment, including
meals or tickets to cultural and sporting events do not need to be reported if: a) they are not so frequent or of such high value as to raise a question of impropriety and b) the person providing the entertainment is present at the event. 
 Regardless of dollar value, Supervised Persons may not give a gift or provide entertainment that is inappropriate under the circumstances, or
inconsistent with applicable law or regulations, to persons associated with securities or financial organizations, exchanges, member firms, commodity firms, news media, or Clients. Persons must obtain clearance from the either Partner and a
Compliance Officer prior giving any gift greater than 300 in value to any person or company that does business with the Company. 
 Supervised Persons should not give or receive gifts or entertainment that would be embarrassing to themselves or to SLR Capital if made
public. 

VII. 
 COMPLIANCE 
 A. Certificate of Receipt 
 Supervised Persons are required to acknowledge receipt of the Compliance Manual and, therefore, your copy of this Code and that you have read
and understood the Compliance Manual. A form for this purpose is attached to this Code as Appendix I. B. Annual Certificate of
Compliance Supervised Persons are required to certify upon becoming a Supervised Person or the effective date of this Code, whichever
occurs later, and annually thereafter, that you have read and understand this Code and recognize that you are subject to this Code. Each annual certificate will also state that you have complied with all of the requirements of this Code during the
prior year. C. Remedial Actions 
 If you violate this Code, including filing a late, inaccurate or incomplete holdings or transaction report, you will be subject to remedial
actions, which may include, but are not limited to, any one or more of the following: (1) a warning; (2) disgorgement of profits; (3) imposition of a fine, which may be substantial; (4) demotion, which may be substantial;
(5) suspension of employment, with or without pay; (6) termination of employment; or (7) referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution. If you are normally eligible for a discretionary bonus,
any violation of the Code may also reduce or eliminate the discretionary portion of your bonus. 

VIII. 
 RETENTION OF RECORDS 
 The Chief Compliance Officer will maintain, for a period of five years unless specified in further detail below, the records listed below. The
records will be maintained at the Adviser s principal place of business for at least two years and in an easily accessible, but secured, place for the entire five years. 
 A-13 

A. A record of the names of persons who are currently, or within the past five years
were, Access Persons of Adviser. B. The Annual Certificate of Compliance signed by all persons subject to this Code acknowledging
receipt of copies of the Code and acknowledging they are subject to it and will comply with its terms. All Annual Certificates of each Supervised Person must be kept for five years after the individual ceases to be a Supervised Person. 
 C. A copy of each Code that has been in effect at any time during the five-year period. 
 D. A copy of each report made by a Supervised Person pursuant to this Code, including any broker trade confirmations or account
statements that were submitted in lieu of the persons quarterly transaction reports. E. A record of all known violations of
the Code and of any actions taken as a result thereof, regardless of when the violations were committed. F. A record of any
decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition of securities by Supervised Persons, for at least five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 
 G. A record of all reports made by the Chief Compliance Officer related to this Code. 

IX. 
 NOTICES. 
 For purposes of this Code, all notices, reports, requests for clearance, questions, contacts, or other communications to the Chief Compliance
Officer will be considered delivered if provided to the Chief Compliance Officer via the Adviser s email network. 

X. 
 REVIEW. 
 This Code will be reviewed by the Chief Compliance Officer on an annual basis to ensure that it is meeting its objectives, is functioning
fairly and effectively, and is not unduly burdensome to Adviser or Supervised Persons. The Chief Compliance Officer shall issue a report, in writing, to the Board of Directors of the Company stating his or her findings and recommendations as a
result of each such review on no less frequently than an annual basis. Supervised Persons are encouraged to contact the Chief Compliance
Officer with any comments, questions or suggestions regarding implementation or improvement of the Code. 
 A-14 

Appendix I 
 SLR CAPITAL ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND CERTIFICATION 
 COMPLIANCE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES MANUAL 
 I hereby certify to SLR Capital that: 
 (1) I have received and reviewed SLR Capital s Compliance Policies and Procedures Manual (the Compliance
Manual (2) To the extent I had questions regarding any policy or procedure contained in the Compliance Manual, I received
satisfactory answers to those questions from appropriate SLR Capital personnel; (3) I fully understand the policies and procedures
contained in the Compliance Manual; (4) I understand and acknowledge that I am subject to the Compliance Manual; 
 (5) I will comply with the policies and procedures contained in the Compliance Manual at all times during my association with SLR Capital, and
agree that the Compliance Manual may, under certain circumstances, continue to apply to me subsequent to the termination of my association with SLR Capital. 
 (6) I understand and acknowledge that if I violate any provision of the Compliance Manual, I will be subject to remedial actions, which may
include, but are not limited to, any one or more of the following: (a) a warning; (b) disgorgement of profits; (c) imposition of a fine, which may be substantial; (d) demotion, which may be substantial; (e) suspension of
employment, with or without pay; (f) termination of employment; or (g) referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution. I further understand that, to the extent I would otherwise be eligible for a
discretionary bonus, if I violate the Compliance Manual this may reduce or eliminate the discretionary portion of my bonus. 

Date: 

Signature 

Print Name 
 
 I-1 

Appendix II 
 SLR CAPITAL INITIAL
REPORT OF SECURITIES ACCOUNTS In accordance with SLR Capital s policies and procedures, please indicate whether you maintain
securities accounts over which you have influence or control and/or in which any securities are held in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest 1 Securities
Accounts ). Securities Accounts include accounts of any kind held at a broker, bank, investment advisor, or money manager. 
 I do maintain Securities Accounts. 
 I do not maintain Securities Accounts. 
 If you indicated above that you do maintain Securities Accounts, please (1) complete the Personal Trading Account and/or Related Trading
Account letters of direction enclosed ), (2) provide the information in the following table use additional paper if necessary ), and (3) attach a copy of the most recent account statement listing holdings for each account
identified below: 

Account Name 
 
 Broker/Institution 
 Name 
 
 Account Number 
 
 Broker/Institution s 
 Address 
 
 Is this account managed by a 
 3rd party (such as an 
 investment advisor) on a fully 
 discretionary basis in which 
 you do not direct any 
 transactions? (Yes/No) 
 I certify that this form is accurate and complete, and I have attached statements (if any) for all of my Securities Accounts. 

1 
 You will be considered to have a Beneficial Ownership Interest in a Security if: (i) you have a
Pecuniary Interest in the Security; (ii) you have voting power with respect to the Security, meaning the power to vote or direct the voting of the Security; or (iii) you have the power to dispose, or direct the disposition of, the
Security. You will be considered to have a Pecuniary Interest in a security if you, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, have the opportunity, directly or indirectly, to
profit or share in any profit derived from a transaction in the security. The term Pecuniary Interest is construed very broadly. The following examples illustrate this principle: (i) ordinarily, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all Securities owned by members of your Immediate Family who share the same household with you; (ii) if you are a general partner of a general or limited partnership, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the partnership; (iii) if you are a shareholder of a corporation or similar business entity, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by the
corporation if you are a controlling shareholder or have or share investment control over the corporation s investment portfolio; (iv) if you have the right to acquire equity Securities through the exercise or conversion of a derivative
Security, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the Securities, whether or not your right is presently exercisable; (v) if you are the sole member or a manager of a limited liability company, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary
Interest in the Securities held by the limited liability company; and (vi) ordinarily, if you are a trustee or beneficiary of a trust, where either you or members of your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or income of the
trust, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all Securities held by that trust. 
 II-1 

Appendix II 

Signature 

Date: 

Print Name 
 
 II-2 

Appendix III 
 SLR CAPITAL QUARTERLY
BROKERAGE ACCOUNT AND NON-BROKER TRANSACTION REPORT 
 Notes : 1. Capitalized terms not defined in this report
are defined in the Code of Ethics of SLR Capital (the Code ). 2. You must cause each broker-dealer that maintains an account
over which you have influence or control and holds Securities in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest to provide to the Chief Compliance Officer, on a timely basis, duplicate copies of confirmations of all transactions in the account and
duplicate statements for the account and you must report to the Chief Compliance Officer, within 30 days of the end of each calendar quarter, all transactions effected without the use of a registered broker-dealer in Securities, other than
transactions in Non-Reportable Securities. The undersigned has requested that you receive duplicate statements
and confirmations on his or her behalf from the following brokers: 

Name 
 
 Broker 
 
 Account Number 
 
 Date 
 
 Date Account Opened 

The following are Securities transactions that have not been reported and/or executed through a
broker-dealer, i.e. during the previous calendar quarter. 

Date 
 
 Buy/Sell 
 
 Security Name 
 
 Amount 
 
 Price 
 
 Broker/Issuer 

By signing this document, I am certifying that I have caused duplicate confirmations and duplicate statements to be sent to
the Chief Compliance Officer of SLR Capital for every brokerage account that trades in Securities. 

Date: 

Signature 

1. 
 Transactions required to be reported . You should report every transaction in which you acquired or
disposed of any Security in which you had a Pecuniary Interest during the calendar quarter. The term Beneficial Ownership Interest is the subject of a long history of opinions and releases issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission
and generally means that you would receive the pecuniary benefits of owning a Security. The term includes, but is not limited to the following cases and any other examples in the Code: 
 III-1 

Appendix III 

(A) 
 Where the Security is held for your benefit by others, such as brokers, custodians, banks and pledgees;

(B) 
 Where the Security is held for the benefit of members of your Immediate Family sharing the same household;

(C) 
 Where Securities are held by a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, investment club or other
entity in which you have an equity interest if you are a controlling equity holder, or you have or share investment control over the Securities held by the entity; 

(D) 
 Where Securities are held in a trust for which you are a trustee and under which either you or any member of
your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or income; and 

(E) 
 Where Securities are held in a trust for which you are the settlor, unless the consent of all of the
beneficiaries is required in order for you to revoke the trust. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following
transactions are not required to be reported: 

(A) 
 Transactions in Securities which are direct obligations of the United States; 

(B) 
 Transactions effected in any account over which you have no direct or indirect influence or control; or

(C) 
 Shares of registered open-end investment companies.

2. 
 Security Name . State the name of the issuer and the class of the Security, e.g., common stock, preferred
stock or designated issue of debt securities, including the interest rate, principal amount and maturity date, if applicable. In the case of the acquisition or disposition of a futures contract, put, call option or other right, referred to as
 options, state the title of the Security subject to the option and the expiration date of the option. 

3. 
 Futures Transactions . Please remember that duplicates of all Confirmations, Purchase and Sale Reports,
and month-end Statements must be sent to Adviser by your broker. Please double check to be sure this occurs if you report a future transaction. 

4. 
 Transaction Date . In the case of a market transaction, state the trade date, not the settlement date.

5. 
 Nature of Transaction (Buy or Sale) . State the character of the transaction, e.g., purchase or sale of
Security, purchase or sale of option, or exercise of option. 

6. 
 Amount of Security Involved (No. of Shares) . State the number of shares of stock, the face amount of
debt Securities or other units of other Securities. For options, state the amount of Securities subject to the option. If your ownership interest was through a spouse, relative or other natural person or through a partnership, trust, other entity,
state the entire amount of Securities involved in the transaction. In such cases, you may also indicate, if you wish, the extent of your interest in the transaction. 
 III-2 

Appendix III 

7. 
 Purchase or Sale Price . State the purchase or sale price per share or other unit, exclusive of brokerage
commissions or other costs of execution. In the case of an option, state the price at which it is currently exercisable. No price need be reported for transactions not involving cash. 

8. 
 Broker, Dealer or Bank Effecting Transaction . State the name of the broker, dealer or bank with or
through whom the transaction was effected. 

9. 
 Signature . Sign the form in the space provided. 

10. 
 Filing of Report . This report should be filed NO LATER THAN 30 CALENDAR DAYS following the end of
each calendar quarter. 
 III-3 

Appendix IV 
 SLR CAPITAL PERSONAL
TRADING ACCOUNT LETTER OF DIRECTION 
 To Whom This May Concern: I,
 
 (print name), currently maintain an investment account with your institution, and hereby request that duplicate trade confirmations and monthly account statements be disseminated
to my employer, SLR Capital, at the following address: Attn: Chief Compliance Officer 
 SLR Capital 500 Park Avenue, 3 rd Floor New York, NY 10022 
 If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for your cooperation. 

Sincerely, 

NAME: 

DATE: 

PHONE: 

IV-1 

Appendix V 
 SLR CAPITAL RELATED
TRADING ACCOUNT LETTER OF DIRECTION 
 To Whom This May Concern: I,
 
 (print your name), currently maintain an investment account with your institution. Due to my relationship with
 
 (print employee s name), who is an employee of SLR Capital, I hereby request that duplicate trade confirmations and monthly
account statements be disseminated to the following address: Attn: Chief Compliance Officer 
 SLR Capital 500 Park Avenue, 3 rd Floor New York, NY 10022 
 If you should have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank you for your cooperation. 

Sincerely, 

NAME: 

DATE: 

PHONE: 

V-1 

Appendix VI 
 SLR CAPITAL INITIAL
REPORT OF PRIVATE INVESTMENTS In accordance with SLR Capital policies and procedures, please indicate whether you maintain private
investments over which you have influence or control and in which any private investments are held in which you have a Beneficial Ownership Interest. 1 The term private investment is typically
defined as an intangible investment and is very broadly construed by SLR Capital. Examples of private investments may include equity in a business or company, a loan to a business or company, an investment in a hedge fund or limited partnership, or
securities held in your home or in a safe deposit box. Examples of investments that generally are not considered private investments are your primary residence, vacation home, automobiles, artwork, jewelry, antiques, stamps, and coins. 
 I do maintain private investments. 
 I do not maintain private investments. 
 If you indicated above that you do maintain private investments, please provide the information in the following table use additional
paper if necessary ): 

Description of Private Investment 
 
 Value of Private 
 Investment 
 
 Approximate 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Does the private investment involve a company that
has publicly traded debt or equity? (Yes/No) I certify that this form and any attachments are accurate and
complete and constitute all of my private investments. 

Signature 

1 
 You will be considered to have a Beneficial Ownership Interest in an investment if: (i) you have a
Pecuniary Interest in the investment; (ii) you have voting power with respect to the investment, meaning the power to vote or direct the voting of the investment; or (iii) you have the power to dispose, or direct the disposition of, the
investment. You will be considered to have a Pecuniary Interest in an investment if you, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, have the opportunity, directly or indirectly,
to profit or share in any profit derived from a transaction in the investment. The term Pecuniary Interest is construed very broadly. The following examples illustrate this principle: (i) ordinarily, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all investments owned by members of your Immediate Family who share the same household with you; (ii) if you are a general partner of a general or limited partnership, you will be deemed to have a
 Pecuniary Interest in all investments held by the partnership; (iii) if you are a shareholder of a corporation or similar business entity, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all investments held by the
corporation if you are a controlling shareholder or have or share investment control over the corporation s investment portfolio; (iv) if you have the right to acquire equity security through the exercise or conversion of a derivative
investment, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in the investment, whether or not your right is presently exercisable; (v) if you are the sole member or a manager of a limited liability company, you will be deemed to have a
Pecuniary Interest in the investments held by the limited liability company; and (vi) ordinarily, if you are a trustee or beneficiary of a trust, where either you or members of your Immediate Family have a vested interest in the principal or
income of the trust, you will be deemed to have a Pecuniary Interest in all investments held by that trust. 
 VI-1 

Appendix V 

Date 

Print Name 
 
 VI-2 

Appendix VII 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES 

I. 
 BACKGROUND 
 All personal securities trades are subject to these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. However, compliance with the trading restrictions
imposed by these procedures by no means assures full compliance with the prohibition on trading while in the possession of inside information, as defined in these procedures. 
 Insider trading trading Securities while in possession of material, nonpublic information or improperly communicating such information
to others may expose a person to stringent penalties. Criminal sanctions may include a fine of up to 1,000,000 and/or ten years imprisonment. The Commission may recover the profits gained, or losses avoided, through insider trading,
obtain a penalty of up to three times the illicit gain or avoided loss, and/or issue an order permanently barring any person engaging in insider trading from the securities industry. In addition, investors may sue seeking to recover damages for
insider trading violations. These Insider Trading Policies and Procedures are drafted broadly and will be applied and interpreted in a
similar manner. Regardless of whether a federal inquiry occurs, SLR Capital views seriously any violation of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. Any violation constitutes grounds for disciplinary sanctions, including dismissal and/or
referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution. The law of insider trading is complex; a
Supervised Person legitimately may be uncertain about the application of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures in a particular circumstance. A question could forestall disciplinary action or complex legal problems. Supervised Persons should
direct any questions relating to these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures to a Compliance Officer. A Supervised Person must also notify a Compliance Officer immediately if he or she knows or has reason to believe that a violation of these
Insider Trading Policies and Procedures has occurred or is about to occur. Any capitalized terms used but not defined in the Insider
Trading Policies and Procedures shall have their respective meanings as defined in the Code of Ethics of SLR Capital. 

II. 
 STATEMENT OF FIRM POLICY 
 A. At all times, the interests of SLR Capital s Clients must prevail over the individual s interest. 
 B. Buying or selling Securities in the public markets on the basis of material, nonpublic information is prohibited. Similarly, buying and
selling securities in a private transaction on the basis of material, nonpublic information is prohibited, except in the limited circumstance in which the information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities,
in which case the private transaction itself is permitted. A prohibited transaction would include purchasing or selling (i) for a Supervised Person s own account or one in which the Supervised Person has direct or indirect influence or
control, (ii) for a Client s account, or (iii) for Adviser s inventory account. If any Supervised Person is uncertain as to whether information is material or nonpublic, he or she should consult the Chief
Compliance Officer. E. Disclosing material, nonpublic information to inappropriate personnel, whether or not for consideration, i.e.,
 tipping, is prohibited. Material, nonpublic information must be disseminated on a need to know basis only to appropriate personnel. This would include any confidential discussions between the issuer and personnel of Adviser.
The Chief Compliance Officer should be consulted should a question arise as to who is privy to material, nonpublic information. 
 VII-1 

Appendix VII 
 F. Assisting anyone transacting business on the basis of material, nonpublic information
through a third party is prohibited. G. In view of the Gabelli Co./GAMCO Investments, Inc. SEC
proceeding, it is clear that when a portfolio manager is in a position, due to his official duties at an issuer, to have access to inside information on a relatively continuous basis, self-reporting procedures are not adequate to detect and prevent
insider trading. Accordingly, neither Adviser nor an Adviser employee may trade in any securities issued by any company of which any Adviser employee is an employee or insider. All Supervised Persons must report to the Chief Compliance Officer
or designee any affiliation or business relationship they may have with any issuer (a form of which is attached as Appendix A hereto.) 
 H. Supervised Persons should understand that if SLR Capital becomes aware of material, nonpublic information about the issuer of the
underlying securities, even if the particular Supervised Person in question does not himself or herself have such knowledge, or enters into certain transactions for clients, SLR Capital will not bear any losses resulting in personal accounts through
the implementation of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. I. It is the Company s policy that Supervised Persons may
purchase or sell Company securities only during the window period that generally begins on the second business day after the Company publicly releases quarterly or annual financial results and extends until the 15th day of the last
calendar month of the quarter in which the results are announced (or such shorter or longer time that may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer of the BDC CEO or the Chief Operating Officer of the BDC COO and the CCO). However, the ability of a Supervised Person to engage in transactions in Company securities during window periods is not automatic or absolute. Circumstances may prevent or delay or accelerate the
opening of the window period or cause the window period to be shortened or lengthened. Further, no trades may be made even during a window period by an individual who possesses material, nonpublic information, other than in accordance with a
previously approved Trading Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Supervised Persons may also purchase or sell Company securities pursuant
to a Trading Plan. As used herein, the term Trading Plan shall mean a prearranged trading plan adopted in accordance with and meeting all of the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that has been approved by the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. A Trading Plan may only be entered into, modified or terminated (i) prior to expiration by Supervised Persons at a time they would
otherwise be permitted to purchase or sell Company securities, and (ii) with the prior approval of the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. Each Supervised Person shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c) with respect to any Trading Plan they may enter into, modify or terminate prior to expiration, notwithstanding the prior approval thereof by the Company s Chief Compliance Officer. 
 In addition, the Adviser may, subject to regulatory restrictions, award Restricted Stock Units RSUs representing
discretionary bonuses as part of an employee deferred compensation plan (the award during a closed window period provided that (1) the Adviser, the CEO and the COO are not in possession of material non-public information MNPI (2) the award does not require a purchase of Company securities on the open market but instead represents a transfer or potential transfer of Company
securities then held by the Adviser; and (3) the CCO approves the award in advance. To the extent an award represents non-discretionary compensation, the RSUs may only be awarded in open window periods at
a time when the Adviser, the CEO and the COO are not in possession of MNPI. 
 VII-2 

Appendix VII 
 H. The following reviews principles important to these Insider Trading Policies and
Procedures: 1. What is Material Information? 
 Information is material when there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making
his or her investment decisions. Generally, information is material if its disclosure will have a substantial effect on the price of a company s Securities. No simple bright line test exists to determine whether information is
material; assessments of materiality involve highly fact-specific inquiries. However, if the information you have received is or could be a factor in your trading decision, you must assume that the information is material. Supervised
Persons should direct any questions regarding the materiality of information to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee. Material
information often relates to a company s results and operations, including, for example, dividend changes, earnings results, changes in previously released earnings estimates, significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements, major
litigation, liquidation problems, and extraordinary management developments. Material information may also relate to the market for a Security. Information about a significant order to purchase or sell Securities, in some contexts, may be deemed
material; similarly, prepublication information regarding reports in the financial press may also be deemed material. 2. What is
 Nonpublic Information? Information is nonpublic until it has been disseminated broadly to investors in the
marketplace. Tangible evidence of this dissemination is the best indication that the information is public. For example, information is public after it has become available to the general public through a public filing with the Commission or some
other government agency, or available to the Dow Jones tape or The Wall Street Journal or some other general circulation publication, and after sufficient time has passed so that the information has been disseminated widely. If you
believe that you have information concerning an issuer which gives you an advantage over other investors, the information is, in all likelihood, non-public. 
 3. Identifying Inside Information. 
 Before executing any trade for oneself or others, including Clients, a Supervised Person must determine whether he or she has access to
material, nonpublic information. If a Supervised Person believes he or she might have access to material, nonpublic information, he or she should: 
 a. Immediately alert the Chief Compliance Officer or designee, so that the applicable Security is placed on the Restricted List. 
 b. Not purchase or sell the Securities on his or her behalf or for others, including Clients (except in the limited circumstance in which the
information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities, in which case the private transaction itself is permitted). 
 c. Not communicate the information inside or outside of Adviser, other than to the Chief Compliance Officer or designee (or, in the limited
circumstance of a private transaction with an issuer of securities, to Supervised Persons within Adviser involved in the transaction with a need to know the information). 
 The Chief Compliance Officer will review the issue, determine whether the information is material and nonpublic, and, if so, what action
Adviser should take. 
 VII-3 

Appendix VII 
 4. Contacts With Public Companies. 
 Contacts with public companies may represent part of Adviser s research efforts and Adviser may make investment decisions on the basis of
its conclusions formed through these contacts and analysis of publicly available information. Difficult legal issues may arise, however, when a Supervised Person, in the course of these contacts, becomes aware of material, nonpublic information. For
example, a company s Chief Financial Officer could prematurely disclose quarterly results, or an investor relations representative could make a selective disclosure of adverse news to certain investors. In these situations, Adviser must make a
judgment about its further conduct. To protect oneself, Clients, and Adviser, a Supervised Person should immediately contact the Chief Compliance Officer if he or she believes he or she may have received material, nonpublic information. 
 5. Tender Offers. Tender offers
represent a particular concern in the law of insider trading for two reasons. First, tender offer activity often produces extraordinary movement in the price of the target company s securities. Trading during this time is more likely to attract
regulatory attention, and produces a disproportionate percentage of insider trading cases. Second, the Commission has adopted a rule expressly forbidding trading and tipping while in possession of material, nonpublic information
regarding a tender offer received from the company making the tender offer, the target company, or anyone acting on behalf of either. Supervised Persons must exercise particular caution any time they become aware of nonpublic information relating to
a tender offer. 

III. 
 INSIDER TRADING PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO ALL SUPERVISED PERSONS 
 The following procedures have been established to aid Supervised Persons in avoiding insider trading, and to aid Adviser in preventing,
detecting and imposing sanctions against insider trading. Every Supervised Person must follow these procedures or risk serious sanctions, including dismissal, substantial personal liability and criminal penalties. If a Supervised Person has any
questions about these procedures, he or she should consult the Chief Compliance Officer or designee. A. Responsibilities of
Supervised Persons. All Supervised Persons must make a diligent effort to ensure that a violation of these Insider Trading Policies and
Procedures does not either intentionally or inadvertently occur. In this regard, all Supervised Persons (other than Disinterested Directors) are responsible for: 
 (a) Reading, understanding and consenting to comply with these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. Supervised Persons will be required to
sign an acknowledgment that they have read and understood the Compliance Manual and therefore their responsibilities under the Code; (b)
Ensuring that no trading occurs for their account, for any account over which they have direct or indirect influence or control or for any Client s account in Securities included on the Restricted List, or as to which they possess material,
nonpublic information, regardless of the Securities being included on the Restricted List (except in the limited circumstance in which the information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities, in which case
the private transaction itself is permitted); (c) Not disclosing inside information obtained from any source whatsoever to inappropriate
persons. Disclosure to family, friends or acquaintances will be grounds for immediate termination and/or referral to civil or governmental authorities for possible civil or criminal prosecution; 
 VII-4 

Appendix VII 
 (d) Consulting the Chief Compliance Officer or designee when questions arise regarding
insider trading or when potential violations of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures are suspected; (e) Ensuring that Adviser
receives copies of confirmations and statements from both internal and external brokerage firms for accounts of Supervised Persons and members of the Immediate Family of such Supervised Persons sharing the same household; 
 (f) Advising the Chief Compliance Officer or designee of all outside business activities, directorships, or ownership of over 5 of the shares
of a public company. No Supervised Person may engage in any outside business activities as employee, proprietor, partner, consultant, trustee officer or director without prior written consent of the Chief Compliance Officer, or a designee of the
Chief Compliance Officer (a form of which is attached as Appendix A hereto); and (g) Being
aware of, and monitoring, any Clients who are shareholders, directors, and/or senior officers of public companies. Any unusual activity including a purchase or sale of restricted stock must be brought to the attention of the Chief Compliance Officer
or designee. B. Security. 
 In order to prevent accidental dissemination of material, nonpublic information, personnel must adhere to the following guidelines: 
 Inform management when unauthorized personnel enter the premises. Lock doors at all times in areas that have confidential and secure files. Refrain from
discussing sensitive information in public areas. Refrain from leaving confidential information on message devices. Maintain control of sensitive
documents, including handouts and copies, intended for internal dissemination only. Ensure that faxes and e-mail 
messages containing sensitive information are properly sent, and confirm that the recipient has received the intended message. Do not allow passwords to
be given to unauthorized personnel. 

IV. 
 SUPERVISORY PROCEDURES 
 Supervisory procedures can be divided into two classifications prevention of insider trading and detection of insider trading. 
 A. Prevention of Insider Trading 
 To prevent insider trading, the Chief Compliance Officer or designee should: 
 1. Maintain a Restricted List which includes the name of any company, whether or not a client of Adviser, as to which one or more individuals
at Adviser has a fiduciary relationship or may have material information which has not been publicly disclosed. The Restricted List is maintained by the Chief Compliance Officer and his or her designees. The Chief Compliance Officer or such other
Compliance Officer as may be designated shall be responsible for: (i) determining whether any particular securities should be included on the Restricted List; (ii) determining when Securities should be removed from the Restricted List; and
(iii) ensuring that Securities are timely added to and removed from the Restricted List, as appropriate, no less frequently than on a quarterly basis. 
 VII-5 

Appendix VII 
 2. Answer questions regarding SLR Capital s policies and procedures; 
 3. Resolve issues of whether information received by an officer, director or employee of SLR Capital constitutes Inside Information and
determine what action, if any, should be taken; 4. Review these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures on a regular basis and update
them as necessary; 5. When it has been determined that a Supervised Person has Inside Information: 

(a) 
 Implement measures to prevent dissemination of such information other than to appropriate Supervised Persons on
a need to know basis, and 

(b) 
 Not permit any SLR Capital employee to execute any transaction in any securities of the issuer in question
(except in the limited circumstance in which the information is obtained in connection with a private transaction with an issuer of securities, in which case the private transaction itself is permitted); 

1. 
 Implement a program of periodic reminder notices regarding insider trading; 

2. 
 Confirm with each trader no less frequently than quarterly whether there are any issuers for whom Adviser has
Inside Information; and 

3. 
 Compile and maintain the Restricted List of securities in which no Supervised Person may trade because Adviser
as an entity is deemed to have Inside Information concerning the issuers of such securities and determine when to remove securities from the Restricted List. 
 B. Detection of Insider Trading 
 To detect insider trading, the Chief Compliance Officer or designee should: 
 1. Review daily confirmations and quarterly trading activity reports filed by Supervised Persons; and 
 2. Promptly investigate all reports of any possible violations of these Insider Trading Policies and Procedures. 
 C. Special Reports to Management 
 Promptly upon learning of a potential violation of SLR Capital s Insider Trading Policies and Procedures, the Chief Compliance Officer or
designee shall prepare a written report to management providing full details, which may include (1) the name of particular securities involved, if any, (2) the date(s) SLR Capital learned of the potential violation and began investigating;
(3) the accounts and individuals involved; (4) actions taken as a result of the investigation, if any; and (5) recommendations for further action. 
 D. General Reports to Management 
 At least yearly, the Chief Compliance Officer will prepare a written report to the management of Adviser setting forth some or all of the
following: 
 VII-6 

Appendix VII 

1. 
 A summary of existing procedures to detect and prevent insider trading; 

2. 
 A summary of changes in procedures made in the last year; 

3. 
 Full details of any investigation, whether internal or by a regulatory agency, since the last report r
regarding any suspected insider trading, the results of the investigation and a description of any changes in procedures promptly by any such investigation; and 

4. 
 An evaluation of the current procedures and a description of anticipated changes in procedures.
 
 VII-7 

Appendix VII 
 SLR CAPITAL 
 INITIAL REPORT OF OUTSIDE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
 In accordance with SLR Capital policies and procedures, please indicate whether you engage in any outside business activities. Outside
business activities include, but are not limited to, serving as owner, partner, trustee, officer, director, finder, referrer, or employee of another business organization for compensation, or any activity for compensation outside my usual
responsibilities at SLR Capital. 5 I do engage in outside business activities 
 I do not engage in any outside business activities 
 If you indicated above that you do engage in outside business activities, please complete the following table use additional paper if
necessary ): 

Name of Business 
 Entity 
 
 Summary of 
 Outside Business 
 Activity 
 
 Summary of 
 Compensation 
 
 Is the Business 
 Entity Related to a 
 Publicly Traded Company? 
 (Yes/No) 
 I certify that this form and any attachments are accurate and complete and constitute all of my outside business activities. 

Signature 

Date 

Print Name 

5 
 Compensation includes salaries, director s fees, referral fees, stock options, finder s fees, and
anything of present or future value. 
 VII-8 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d437884dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of SLR Investment Corp. 
 The following list sets forth our consolidated subsidiaries, the state or country under whose laws the subsidiaries are organized, and the
percentage of voting securities or membership interests owned by us in each such subsidiary: NEFCORP LLC (Delaware) 100 
 NEFPASS LLC (Delaware) 100 
 ESP SSC Corporation (Delaware) 100 
 SUNS SPV LLC (Delaware) 100 
 The subsidiaries listed above are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. We may also be deemed to control certain portfolio companies.

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 d437884dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form N-2 of SLR Investment Corp. of our
report dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in the annual report on Form 10-K of
SLR Investment Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022, and to the use of our report dated February 28, 2023 on the senior securities table included herein as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. We also
consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Controls and Procedures in the Form 10-K. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP New York, New York 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 d437884dex232.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR SLR
Investment Corp. New York, New York We consent to the
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-255662) on Form N-2 of SLR Investment Corp. of our report dated February 15, 2023, relating to the
consolidated financial statements of KBH Topco, LLC, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp. dated February 28, 2023. 
 /s/ FGMK, LLC Bannockburn, Illinois 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 6
 d437884dex233.htm
 EX-23.3

EX-23.3 

Exhibit 23.3 
 Consent of Independent Auditor We hereby
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 16, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries, which report appears in the annual report on
 Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp. dated February 28, 2023, in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 
 (No. 333-255662) of SLR Investment Corp. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-23.4>
 7
 d437884dex234.htm
 EX-23.4

EX-23.4 

Exhibit 23.4 
 Consent of Independent Auditor We hereby
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 15, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of Crystal Financial LLC, which report appears in the annual report on
 Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp. dated February 28, 2023, in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 
 (No. 333-255662) of SLR Investment Corp. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.4>

<EX-23.5>
 8
 d437884dex235.htm
 EX-23.5

EX-23.5 

Exhibit 23.5 
 Consent of Independent Auditor We hereby
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 16, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC, which report appears in the annual report on
 Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp. dated February 28, 2023, in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 
 (No. 333-255662) of SLR Investment Corp. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.5>

<EX-23.6>
 9
 d437884dex236.htm
 EX-23.6

EX-23.6 

Exhibit 23.6 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-255662) on Form N-2 of SLR Investment Corp. of our report dated February
21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ RSM US LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.6>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 d437884dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Michael S. Gross, Co-Chief Executive Officer of SLR Investment Corp., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated this 28th day of February 2023. 

By: 
 
 /S/ M ICHAEL S. G ROSS 

Michael S. Gross 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 d437884dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Bruce J. Spohler, Co-Chief Executive Officer of SLR Investment Corp., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated this 28th day of February 2023. 

By: 
 
 /S/ B RUCE J. S POHLER 

Bruce J. Spohler 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 12
 d437884dex313.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Richard L. Peteka, Chief Financial Officer of SLR Investment Corp., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of SLR Investment Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated this 28th day of February 2023. 

By: 
 
 /s/ R ICHARD L. P ETEKA 

Richard L. Peteka 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 d437884dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Report of SLR Investment Corp. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Michael S. Gross, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the
Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/S/ M ICHAEL S. G ROSS 
 
 Name : 
 
 Michael S. Gross 
 
 Date: 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 d437884dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Report of SLR Investment Corp. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Bruce J. Spohler, the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the
Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/S/ B RUCE J. S POHLER 
 
 Name : 
 
 Bruce J. Spohler 
 
 Date: 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 15
 d437884dex323.htm
 EX-32.3

EX-32.3 

Exhibit 32.3 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Report of SLR Investment Corp. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Richard L. Peteka, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my
knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/S/ R ICHARD L. P ETEKA 
 
 Name: 
 
 Richard L. Peteka 
 
 Date: 
 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-99.1>
 16
 d437884dex991.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

Exhibit 99.1 
 Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions
 (A Delaware Limited Liability Company) 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Index Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Page(s) 

Independent Auditors Report 

1-2 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member s Equity 

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 18 

Independent Auditors Report 
 To the Board of Managers and Member of Crystal Financial LLC
 Opinion We have audited the consolidated financial
statements of Crystal Financial LLC (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in member s equity and cash flows for the
years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in
accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and for the design,
implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the
consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to
communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we
identified during the audit. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 15, 2023 
 2 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

1,455,691 

40,450,947 

Restricted cash 

20,631,283 

14,452,587 

Loan interest and fees receivable 

5,935,984 

3,132,347 

Loans 

439,484,085 

287,375,244 

Less: Unearned fee income 

(7,117,828) 

(5,451,202) 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 

(9,130,536) 

(7,831,942) 

Total loans, net 

423,235,721 

274,092,100 

Property and equipment, net 

16,022 

14,908 

Goodwill 

5,156,542 

5,156,542 

Investment in Crystal Financial SBIC LP 

2,575,336 

8,341,297 

Other assets 

1,676,876 

2,180,185 

Total assets 

460,683,455 

347,820,913 

Liabilities: 

Revolving credit facility, net 

222,093,034 

99,251,811 

Accrued expenses 

3,660,447 

5,657,835 

Distributions payable 

5,000,000 

5,500,000 

Other liabilities 

3,469,397 

1,297,639 

Collateral held for borrower obligations 

17,193,751 

13,867,551 

Total liabilities 

251,416,629 

125,574,836 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

Member s equity: 

Class A units 

279,191,400 

279,191,400 

Accumulated deficit 

(69,924,574) 

(56,945,323) 

Total member s equity 

209,266,826 

222,246,077 

Total liabilities and member s equity 

460,683,455 

347,820,913 

3 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Net interest income: 

Interest income 

35,062,888 

35,423,572 

Interest expense 

8,873,508 

6,848,728 

Net interest income 

26,189,380 

28,574,844 

Provision for loan losses 

4,923,481 

(461,083) 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

21,265,899 

29,035,927 

Operating expenses: 

Compensation and benefits 

6,551,451 

8,220,438 

Depreciation and amortization 

12,808 

3,720,210 

General and administrative expenses 

1,820,712 

1,468,948 

Total operating expenses 

8,384,971 

13,409,596 

Other income (loss): 

(Loss) gain from equity method investment 

(4,738,951) 

(1,430,559) 
 
 Realized (loss) gain on investment in equity securities 

(620,223) 

Total other income (loss), net 

(5,359,174) 

(1,430,559) 

Realized (loss) gain from foreign currency transactions, net 

(121,552) 

(352,340) 
 
 Unrealized (loss) gain from foreign currency translations, net 

120,547 

321,038 

Net income 

7,520,749 

14,164,470 

4 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member s Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Units 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Member s Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

279,191,400 

(48,609,793) 

230,581,607 

Distributions 

(22,500,000) 

(22,500,000) 
 
 Net income 

14,164,470 

14,164,470 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

279,191,400 

(56,945,323) 

222,246,077 

Distributions 

(20,500,000) 

(20,500,000) 
 
 Net income 

7,520,749 

7,520,749 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

279,191,400 

(69,924,574) 

209,266,826 

5 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

7,520,749 

14,164,470 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

4,923,481 

(461,083) 
 
 Accretion of original issue discount 

(369,719) 

(553,567) 
 
 Depreciation 

12,808 

20,210 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

1,134,607 

878,889 

Amortization of intangible asset tradename 

3,700,000 

Paid-in-kind 
interest and fee income 

(895,655) 

(185,729) 
 
 Loss from equity method investment 

4,738,951 

1,430,559 

Unrealized gain on foreign currency transactions 

(122,735) 

(322,588) 
 
 Realized loss (gain) on foreign currency transactions 

121,141 

(200,267) 
 
 Write down of amounts classified as other assets 

496,604 

527,365 

Net change in loan interest and fees receivable 

(2,227,312) 

977,606 

Net change in other assets 

731,670 

523,202 

Net change in unearned fees 

1,514,751 

(1,114,915) 
 
 Net change in accrued expenses 

(1,997,388) 

(589,364) 
 
 Net change in other liabilities 

2,233,179 

172,297 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

17,815,132 

18,967,085 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(13,922) 

(9,522) 
 
 Investment in term loans 

(205,566,011) 

(127,381,580) 
 
 Repayment of term loans 

73,952,547 

225,910,237 

Lending on revolving lines of credit, net 

(24,676,942) 

19,159,864 

Distributions received from Crystal Financial SBIC LP 

1,027,010 

8,086,431 

Net change in collateral held for borrower obligations 

3,326,200 

6,540,852 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

(151,951,118) 

132,306,282 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net borrowings (repayments) on revolving credit facility 

124,200,000 

(82,893,390) 
 
 Distributions to members 

(21,000,000) 

(23,000,000) 
 
 Payment of debt issuance costs 

(1,876,134) 

(1,084,317) 
 
 Payment of finance lease obligations 

(4,440) 

(4,315) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

101,319,426 

(106,982,022) 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

(32,816,560) 

44,291,345 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 

54,903,534 

10,612,189 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

22,086,974 

54,903,534 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

6,744,449 

6,136,922 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and
financing activities: 

Right-of-use 
assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

1,696,309 

6 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. 
 Organization 
 Crystal Financial LLC Crystal Financial or the Company ), along with its wholly owned subsidiary, Crystal Financial SPV
LLC Crystal Financial SPV ), is a commercial finance company based in Boston, Massachusetts, that primarily originates, underwrites, and manages secured debt to middle market companies within various industries. The Company was formed in
the state of Delaware on March 18, 2010. During 2021, the Company executed a dba filing to do business using the name SLR Credit Solutions. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, SLR Investment Corp. SLR owns 100 of the outstanding ownership units of the Company. 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 The following is a summary of significant accounting policies adopted by the Company: 
 Basis of Accounting The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Crystal Financial SPV. All
inter-company investments, accounts and transactions have been eliminated in these consolidated financial statements. Use of Estimates
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Estimates most susceptible to change include the allowance for loan losses and the valuation of intangible assets as determined during impairment testing. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash
includes all deposits held at banks. Deposits in excess of amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC are exposed to loss in the event of nonperformance by the institution. The Company has had cash deposits in
excess of the FDIC insurance coverage and has not experienced any losses on such accounts. Restricted cash consists of interest and fees
collected on those loans held within Crystal Financial SPV that serve as collateral against the Company s outstanding line of credit. Upon receipt, these funds are restricted from the Company s access until the fifteenth of the following
month. Also included in restricted cash may be funds that serve as collateral against loans outstanding to certain borrowers as well as funds that serve as collateral to outstanding letters of credit. 
 7 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash continued 
 
 In accordance with Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), the Company presents
the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Accordingly, amounts generally described as restricted cash will be included with
cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period 
total amounts shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents,
and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheet that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

1,455,691 

40,450,947 

Restricted cash 

20,631,283 

14,452,587 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash
flows 

22,086,974 

54,903,534 

Loans 
 The Company typically classifies all loans as held to maturity. Loans funded by the Company are recorded at the amount of unpaid principal, net
of unearned fees, discounts and the allowance for loan losses in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Interest income is
recorded on the accrual basis in accordance with the terms of the respective loan. Generally, interest is not accrued on loans with interest or principal payments 90 days or greater past due or on other loans when management believes collection is
doubtful. Loans considered impaired, as defined below, are non-accruing. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued, but not collected, is reversed against current interest
income and all future proceeds received will generally be applied against principal or interest, in the judgment of management. Interest on loans classified as nonaccrual is accounted for on the cash basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying
for return to accrual status. Loans are generally returned to accrual status when all of the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. There was one loan on nonaccrual status at
December 31, 2022 and two loans on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2021. The loans on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are the same loans classified as Criticized, as defined by the Company s
Loan Loss Policy, in the Allowance for Loan Losses footnote (see Note 3). Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at the amount estimated to be sufficient to absorb expected losses, net of recoveries, inherent in
the loan portfolio at year end. Internal credit ratings assigned to the loans are periodically evaluated and adjusted to reflect the current credit risk of the loan. In accordance with applicable guidance, for loans not deemed to be impaired,
management assigns a general loan allowance based on the borrower s overall risk rating. All loans in the Company s portfolio are individually evaluated when determining the overall risk rating. The risk ratings are derived upon
consideration of a number of factors related to both the borrower and the borrower s facility, with those factors related to the borrower s facility being the key determinant of the overall risk rating. Risk factors of the borrower that
are considered include asset and earnings quality, historical and projected financial performance, borrowing liquidity and/or access to capital. Risk factors of the facility that are considered 
 8 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 

Allowance for Loan Losses continued 
 
 include collateral coverage and the facility s position within the overall capital
structure. Upon consideration of each of the aforementioned factors, among others, the Company assigns each loan a borrower risk rating and a facility risk rating, which are then collectively used in developing the overall risk rating. The overall
risk rating corresponds with an applicable reserve percentage which is applied to the face value of the loan in order to determine the Company s allowance for loan losses. In establishing the applicable reserve percentages, the Company
considers various factors including historical industry loss experience, the credit profile of the Company s borrowers, as well as economic trends and conditions. 
 Specific allowances for loan losses are generally applied to impaired loans and are typically measured based on a comparison of the recorded
carrying value of the loan to the present value of the loan s expected cash flow using the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s estimated market price, or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, if the loan is
collateral-dependent. Loans are charged off against the allowance at the earlier of either the substantial completion of the liquidation of assets securing the loan, or when senior management deems the loan to be permanently impaired. 
 A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all
amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All loans are individually evaluated for impairment according to the Company s normal loan review process, including overall credit evaluation, nonaccrual status and
payment experience. Loans identified as impaired are further evaluated to determine the estimated extent of impairment. Intangible
Assets The Company typically assesses goodwill for impairment at the end of the third quarter using a qualitative assessment. 
 Historically, the fair value of the tradename was estimated using the relief from royalty method, which is an income approach based on the
present value of royalties the Company would theoretically have had to pay to license the tradename from a third party. During 2021, as part of the rebranding strategy to change its name via the dba filing of SLR Credit Solutions, the Company
evaluated the tradename s indefinite-lived position and elected to change the indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset for the period ending December 31, 2021. Accordingly, the carrying value previously ascribed
to the tradename was fully amortized as of December 31, 2021. There was no indefinite- lived intangible asset- tradename recorded on the consolidated balance sheet during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Goodwill recognized in business combinations is assigned to the reporting units that are expected to benefit from the combination as of the
acquisition date. Goodwill is not amortized; rather goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. The Company has elected to perform a qualitative
assessment to determine if an impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. If the conclusion is supported that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company would
not need to perform a quantitative impairment test. If the conclusion cannot be supported, or if the Company does not elect to do the qualitative assessment, then the Company will perform a quantitative assessment. If a quantitative goodwill
impairment assessment is performed, the Company utilizes a combination of market and income valuation approaches. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the fair value
of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. No impairment of goodwill resulted from the annual impairment testing in 2022 or 2021. 
 9 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 
 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs represent fees and other direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings against its
revolving credit facility (see Note 5). These amounts are amortized using the straight-line method into earnings as interest expense ratably over the contractual term of the facility. Net unamortized debt issuance costs totaled 2,232,090 and
 1,490,563 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are recorded as a direct deduction in the carrying amount of the revolving credit facility on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Fee Income Recognition 
 Certain loans in the Company s portfolio have been issued at a discount. Income related to the accretion of these discounts totaled
 369,719 and 553,567 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Nonrefundable loan fees and costs associated
with the origination or purchase of loans are deferred and included in loans, net, in the consolidated balance sheets. These commitment fees, as well as certain other fees charged to borrowers, such as amendment and prepayment fees, are recorded in
interest income, after receipt, over the remaining life of the loan using a method which approximates the interest method. Unused line fees are recorded in interest income when received. Unamortized fees totaling 7,117,828 and 5,451,202 are
recorded as a component of unearned fee income on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Property and Equipment 
 Property and equipment are carried at cost. Such items are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the following useful lives:

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 5-7 years 

Computer equipment 
 
 3-5 years 

Computer software 
 
 3 years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 shorter of remaining lease term or the asset s 
 estimated useful life 
 
 Lease Accounting 
 The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASU 2016-02) effective January 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective approach. The Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 continue to be accounted for under
FASB Topic 840 and have not been adjusted. The Company leases office space and equipment under various operating and finance lease agreements. The leases have varying terms and may include escalation clauses or lease concessions. Lease expense for
operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Depreciation expense for finance leases is recognized over either the useful life of the asset or the lease term based on the terms of the lease agreement and is recorded
as a component of depreciation and amortization on the consolidated statements of operations. At the date of adoption, the Company recorded an operating lease
 right-of-use asset and lease liability of 1,696,309 and 1,744,135, respectively. 
 10 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 

Lease Accounting continued 
 
 The Company recognizes a
 right-of-use asset and a lease liability in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 for those leases classified as operating or finance leases with a
term in excess of twelve months. The lease term is determined at lease commencement and includes any noncancellable period for which the Company has the right to use the underlying asset together with any periods covered by an option to extend the
lease, if it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option to extend. The initial determination of the lease liability is calculated as the net present value of the lease payments not yet paid. The discount rate used to determine
the present value is the rate implicit in the lease, if present, or if not present, the Company s incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate is defined as the rate that reflects the amount of interest that would have to be paid
to borrow funds on a collateralized basis over a similar term to the lease in a similar economic environment. Lease payments include fixed payments less any lease incentives available to the Company plus variable lease payments. (see Note 5). 
 Investment in Equity Securities 
 The Company accounts for equity securities in accordance with the guidance set forth in Financial Instruments (Topic 825). The Company
recorded a realized loss on LLC units outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaling 620,223. There were no equity securities outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Foreign Currency The
functional currency of the Company is the US Dollar. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has one loan denominated in a foreign currency in its portfolio. The Company also has the ability to borrow foreign currency denominated
funds under its revolving line of credit (see Note 5). Gains and losses arising from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in currencies other than the US Dollar are included in earnings as incurred. The Company recorded
unrealized gains on foreign currency translations totaling 120,547 and 321,038 and realized losses totaling 121,552 and 352,340 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to members are recorded as of the date of declaration and are approved by the Company s Board of Managers. Distributions
totaling 5,000,000 and 5,500,000 had been declared by the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, but were not paid until the following year. 
 Income Taxes The Company
is a single member LLC treated as a disregarded entity for tax purposes. The sole member of Crystal Financial is individually liable for the taxes, if any. 
 The Company applies the provisions set forth in Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes (Topic
 740-10) . Topic 740-10 provides a comprehensive model for the recognition, measurement and disclosure of uncertain income tax positions. The Company recognizes the
tax effect of certain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any
uncertain tax positions that meet the recognition or measurement criteria of Topic 740-10. As a
disregarded entity, the Company has no obligation to file a U.S. federal return for tax periods beginning after July 28, 2016, the date the Company became a disregarded entity for tax purposes. The Company does however continue to file certain
state tax returns. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is subject to examination by various state tax authorities for tax years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
 11 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
 2016-13, Financial Instruments- Credit Losses (Topic 326) (ASU 2016-13) . ASU 2016-13 sets forth a current expected
credit loss CECL model which requires the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. This
replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company has evaluated the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated balance sheet and
consolidated statement of operations, and has determined that the impact will be immaterial to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform
(Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting (ASU 2020-04). The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications,
hedging relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform.
 ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. To date, the Company has been successful in modifying outstanding loan receivable agreements and
its outstanding debt facility in order to replace references to LIBOR with SOFR or another alternative reference rate. Application of this pronouncement has not had a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole. 

3. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 At December 31, 2022, one loan with an aggregate principal balance outstanding of 800,000, was deemed to be impaired. The loan was fully
reserved for at December 31, 2022. Although not being accrued for at December 31, 2022, interest on the impaired loan is paid-in-kind and therefore there are
no interest payments outstanding at December 31, 2022. There are also no principal payments outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2021, two loans with aggregate principal balances outstanding of 4,812,188, were deemed to be impaired. An allowance
totaling 2,979,084 has been applied against these loans at December 31, 2021. Although not being accrued for at December 31, 2021, interest on both the impaired loans is
 paid-in-kind and therefore there are no interest payments outstanding at December 31, 2021. There are also no principal payments outstanding at December 31,
2021. The Company s average recorded investment in impaired loans totaled 1,134,349 and 4,812,188 during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depending on the assigned internal risk rating, loans are classified as either Pass or
Criticized. Generally, once a loan is classified as Criticized, a specific reserve analysis is required. One loan, totaling 800,000 is classified as Criticized at December 31, 2022. Two loans, totaling 4,812,188 at December 31, 2021, are
classified as Criticized The Company also maintains an allowance on unfunded revolver and delayed draw term loan commitments. At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, an allowance of 422,834 and 478,618, respectively, was recorded relating to these commitments. This amount is recorded as a component of other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets with
changes recorded in the provision for loan losses on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The methodology for determining the allowance for unfunded revolver and delayed draw term loan commitments is consistent with the
methodology used for determining the allowance for loan losses, with the exception that only the portion of the outstanding commitment expected to be drawn is applied against the unfunded commitments. 
 12 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses continued 
 
 The summary of changes in the allowance for loan losses relating to funded commitments for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Revolvers 

Term Loans 

Total 

Balance, beginning of period 

79,186 

7,752,756 

7,831,942 

Provision for loan losses-general 

550,776 

2,926,902 

3,477,678 

Provision for loan losses-specific 

1,501,587 

1,501,587 

Charge- offs, net of recoveries 

(3,680,671) 

(3,680,671) 

Balance, end of period 

629,962 

8,500,574 

9,130,536 

Balance, end of period- general 

629,962 

7,700,574 

8,330,536 

Balance, end of period- specific 

800,000 

800,000 

Loans 

Loans collectively evaluated with general allowance 

44,557,560 

394,126,525 

438,684,085 

Loans individually evaluated with specific allowance 

800,000 

800,000 

Total loans 

44,557,560 

394,926,525 

439,484,085 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revolvers 

Term Loans 

Total 

Balance, beginning of period 

547,984 

7,723,262 

8,271,246 

Provision (credit) for loan losses-general 

(393,798) 

(1,955,691) 

(2,349,489) 
 
 Provision for loan losses-specific 

(75,000) 

1,985,185 

1,910,185 

Charge- offs, net of recoveries 

Balance, end of period 

79,186 

7,752,756 

7,831,942 

Balance, end of period- general 

79,186 

4,773,672 

4,852,858 

Balance, end of period- specific 

2,979,084 

2,979,084 

Loans 

Loans collectively evaluated with general allowance 

4,868,123 

277,694,933 

282,563,056 

Loans individually evaluated with specific allowance 

4,812,188 

4,812,188 

Total loans 

4,868,123 

282,507,121 

287,375,244 

13 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

4. 
 Property and Equipment 
 The cost basis of the Company s property and equipment as well as the accumulated depreciation at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are as
follows: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Furniture and fixtures 

26,954 

26,954 

Computer equipment 

223,675 

214,013 

Computer software 

20,629 

20,426 

271,258 

261,393 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

(255,236) 

(246,485) 

16,022 

14,908 

Finance lease assets totaling 17,310 are included as a component of computer equipment in the above schedule
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Depreciation expense of 12,808 and 20,210 was recognized during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 and is included as a component of depreciation and amortization expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

5. 
 Debt Obligations and Financings 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On May 12, 2011, the Company entered into a Loan Financing and Servicing Agreement (the Credit Agreement in the form of a
revolving credit facility. The Company has the ability to borrow funds denominated in certain foreign currencies under the facility. The
maximum amount available to be borrowed in foreign denominated currencies is the US Dollar equivalent of 114,000,000. During 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred fees and expenses totaling 1,876,134 and 1,084,317 in connection with certain
amendments to the credit facility. These costs were deferred and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the Credit Agreement as an adjustment to interest expense. 
 At December 31, 2022, the amount available to be borrowed under the facility is the lesser of (a) 285,000,000 or (b) the amount
calculated and available per the Borrowing Base, as defined in the amended Credit Agreement. Borrowings on the facility bear interest at a rate of 2.76448 plus the Lenders cost of funds, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The applicable cost
of funds varies depending on the currency in which the funds are borrowed. At December 31, 2022, the effective rates were between 6.89 and 7.52 . The Company also pays an undrawn fee on unfunded commitments and an administrative agent fee.
 The revolving credit facility is comprised of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Principal borrowings 

224,325,124 

100,742,374 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

(2,232,090) 

(1,490,563) 

Revolving credit facility, net 

222,093,034 

99,251,811 

14 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

5. 
 Debt Obligations and Financings continued 

Revolving Credit Facility continued 
 
 The credit facility terminates on the earlier of August 15, 2025 or upon the occurrence
of a Facility Termination Event, as defined in the amended Credit Agreement. Commencing on February 15, 2024 and continuing every
three months until the facility s termination date, the Company may be required to make principal pay-downs on certain amounts outstanding. The amount to be paid down is contingent upon the future amount
outstanding as well as the amount of future non-mandatory prepayments made on the credit facility. 
 Cash, as well as those of the Company s loans that are held within Crystal Financial SPV, serve as collateral against the facility. The
Company has made certain customary representations and warranties under the facility, and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements, and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The Credit Agreement
includes usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. The Company is in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Leases At
December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for the Company s operating lease totaling 1,081,490 and 1,121,552,
respectively. The operating lease right-of-use asset and liability are recorded as a component of other assets and other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The lease has a weighted
average remaining lease term of 1.67 years and a weighted average discount rate of 3.50 . The cost of the Company s operating lease
totaled 666,033 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Future minimum lease commitments under the lease include: 

Operating Lease 

2023 

690,346 

2024 

466,023 

Total lease payments 

1,156,369 

Less: interest expense 

(34,817) 

Lease liability balance 

1,121,552 

15 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

6. 
 Related Party Activity 
 On March 15, 2013, Crystal Financial committed 50,750,000 of capital to Crystal Financial SBIC LP (the Fund in exchange for
a 65.91 limited partner interest. Crystal Financial SBIC LP was established to operate as a small business investment company under the Small Business Investment Company SBIC Act. Of the total amount committed, 21,883,314 remains
unfunded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Certain of the managing members of the Fund s general partner, Crystal SBIC GP LLC (the
 General Partner ), are also members of Crystal Financial s management team. Crystal Financial and the General Partner have entered into a Services Agreement whereby Crystal Financial provides certain administrative services to the
General Partner in exchange for a waiver of the quarterly management fee that it owes to the General Partner. The Company accounts for
its limited partner interest in the Fund as an equity method investment in the accompanying consolidated financial statements (see Note 9). Crystal Financial did not make any contributions to the Fund during 2022 or 2021. Cash distributions from the
Fund totaled 1,027,010 and 8,086,431 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. In accordance with the equity method of accounting, the Company was allocated net losses from the Fund totaling 4,738,951 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 1,430,559 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These amounts represent the Company s allocation of the Fund s net loss in accordance with the Fund s Limited Partnership Agreement. Crystal Financial s investment in the Fund
is recorded as Investment in Crystal Financial SBIC LP in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and its share of earnings and losses are recorded as losses from equity method investee on the consolidated statements of operations 

7. 
 Member s Capital 
 Crystal Financial has issued limited liability company interests, referred to as Class A Units. Each unit entitles its holder to one vote
on all matters submitted to a vote of the members. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has 280,303 outstanding Class A Units, all of which are owned by SLR. 

8. 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 The Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk including unfunded revolver
and delayed draw term loan commitments to certain borrowers. Under the revolving credit and delayed draw term loans, aggregate unfunded
commitments total 72,109,377 and 87,838,688 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These agreements have fixed expiration dates. The revolving credit agreements typically require payment of a monthly fee equal to a certain percentage
times the unused portion of the revolving line of credit. As the unfunded commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of credit that can be extended
under each of the revolving credit agreements and delayed draw term loan agreements is typically limited to the borrower s available collateral, which is used in calculating the borrower s borrowing base at the time of a respective draw.
 Effective January 1, 2013, certain employees of Crystal Financial, including members of management, entered into a long- term
incentive plan agreement LTIP Agreement ). In accordance with the terms of the LTIP Agreement, a bonus pool is calculated each calendar year, and is based upon the achievement of certain operating results during the year. The
bonus pool calculated and earned for each calendar year will be paid out two years after the year in which the bonus pool is calculated and earned. The calculated bonus pool is subject to a look-back calculation which could cause the amount that is
ultimately paid out to be less than the amount originally calculated. Amounts recorded pursuant to the LTIP Agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, if any, are included as a component of accrued expenses on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets and as a component of compensation and benefits expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 16 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

9. 
 Variable Interest Entity 
 In accordance with US GAAP, the Company evaluates (a) whether it holds a variable interest in an entity, (b) whether the entity
is a variable interest entity VIE and (c) whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The granting of substantive kick-out rights is a key consideration in determining whether
a limited partnership is a VIE and whether or not that entity should be consolidated. In evaluating whether or not Crystal Financial SBIC LP is a VIE of the Company, it is noted that the Limited Partnership Agreement of Crystal Financial SBIC LP
does not permit a simple majority of the limited partners to exercise kick-out rights, and therefore these rights are deemed to not be substantive. Accordingly, Crystal Financial SBIC LP is deemed to be a VIE.
In assessing whether or not the VIE should be consolidated, it was determined that substantially all of the VIE s activities are not conducted on behalf of Crystal Financial or its de facto agents. Accordingly, the Company does not consolidate
Crystal Financial SBIC LP in the accompanying consolidated financial statements The following table sets forth the information with
respect to the unconsolidated VIE in which the Company holds a variable interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Equity interest included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

2,575,336 

8,341,297 

Maximum risk of loss (1) 

24,458,650 

30,224,611 

(1) 
 includes the equity investment the Company has made, or could be required to make 

10. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820) establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation
hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 
 Level 1- inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets
or liabilities in active markets. Level 2- inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3- inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value
measurement. A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. There were no financial assets or financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
consist of cash, restricted cash, interest receivable, loans receivable, investment in Crystal Financial SBIC LP, collateral held for borrower obligations and the revolving credit facility. Due to the short-term nature of the Company s cash,
restricted cash, interest receivable, and collateral held for borrower obligations, the carrying value approximates fair value. The
Company s loans receivable are recorded at outstanding principal, net of any deferred fees and costs, unamortized purchase discounts and the allowance for loan losses. If the Company elected the fair value option, the estimated fair value of
the Company s loans receivable would be derived using among other things, a discounted cash flow methodology that considers various factors including the type of loan and related collateral, current market yields for similar debt investments,
estimated cash flows, as well as a discount rate that reflects the Company s assessment of risk inherent in the cash flow estimates. 
 17 

Crystal Financial LLC dba SLR Credit Solutions 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

10. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments continued 
 
 If the Company elected the fair value option, the estimated fair value of the Company s
investment in Crystal Financial SBIC LP and the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022 and 2021, would approximate the carrying value. The fair value is estimated based on consideration of current market interest rates for similar debt
instruments. The following table presents the carrying amounts, estimated fair values, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the
Company s long-term financial instruments, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value Measurements 

Carrying 

Estimated Fair 

Amount 

Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets: 

Loans receivable 

439,484,085 

438,684,085 

438,684,085 

Investment in Crystal Financial SBIC LP 

2,575,336 

2,575,336 

2,575,336 

Financial liabilities: 

Revolving credit facility 

224,325,124 

224,325,124 

224,325,124 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements 

Carrying 

Estimated Fair 

Amount 

Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets: 

Loans receivable 

287,375,244 

284,396,160 

284,396,160 

Investment in Crystal Financial SBIC LP 

8,341,297 

8,341,297 

8,341,297 

Financial liabilities: 

Revolving credit facility 

100,742,374 

100,742,374 

100,742,374 

11. 
 Subsequent Events 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 15, 2023, the date which the financial statements were available to be
issued. On February 9, 2023, the Company executed the 29th amendment to the amended and restated Credit Agreement (see Note 5) which
further increased the commitment on the facility from 285,000,000 to 300,000,000. 
 18 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 17
 d437884dex992.htm
 EX-99.2

EX-99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 
 C ONSOLIDATED F INANCIAL S TATEMENTS 
 NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (A Limited Liability
Company) Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 With Independent Auditors Report 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Contents 

Independent Auditors Report 

1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 

5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Capital 

6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

8 

Independent Auditors Report 
 To the Board of Managers and Member of NEF Holdings, LLC and
Subsidiaries Opinion We have audited the
consolidated financial statements of NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income/(loss), changes in member s capital, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). 
 Basis for Opinion We conducted our audits in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and for the design,
implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the
consolidated financial statements. Baker Tilly US, LLP, trading as Baker Tilly, is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Ltd., the
members of which are separate and independent legal entities. 
 1 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to
communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 16, 2023 
 2 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash 

12,639 

8,989 

Restricted cash 

71 

71 

Financing receivables: 

Financing receivables, gross 

195,726 

214,325 

Allowance for losses on financing receivables 

(4,896) 

(3,339) 

Financing receivables, net 

190,830 

210,986 

Equipment on lease, net 

1,200 

Fixed assets, net 

325 

378 

Goodwill 

29,832 

29,832 

Other assets
 held-for-sale 

2,450 

Other assets 

8,116 

10,101 

Total assets 

241,813 

264,007 

Liabilities and Members Capital 

Liabilities: 

Senior secured credit facility, net 

115,371 

117,483 

Loans from affiliate 

16,342 

30,703 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

2,705 

3,278 

Good faith deposits 

606 

998 

Other liabilities 

3,761 

6,456 

Total liabilities 

138,785 

158,918 

Members capital: 

Members capital 

103,028 

105,089 

Total members capital 

103,028 

105,089 

Total liabilities members capital 

241,813 

264,007 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Net operating income: 

Interest income 

14,944 

16,906 

Interest expense 

6,938 

6,700 

Net interest income 

8,006 

10,206 

Other income 

5,436 

6,025 

Net operating income 

13,442 

16,231 

Provision for losses and impairments of equipment off lease 

4,137 

9,390 

Net operating income after provisions and impairments 

9,305 

6,841 

Expenses: 

Compensation and benefits 

8,437 

8,649 

General and administrative expenses 

3,311 

3,745 

Lease and loan restructuring costs 

338 

1,176 

Depreciation and amortization 

86 

2,908 

Unrealized loss on equity investment 

92 

Total expenses 

12,172 

16,570 

Net income/(loss) 

(2,867) 

(9,729) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Net income/(loss) 

(2,867) 

(9,729) 
 
 Other comprehensive income/(loss): 

Derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges: 

Unrealized holding gain arising during the year 

1,194 

Less: reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income/(loss) 

(98) 

Total other comprehensive income/(loss) 

1,096 

Total comprehensive income/(loss) 

(1,771) 

(9,729) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Capital 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 

Members capital at December 31, 2020 

114,818 

Net income/(loss) 

(9,729) 

Members capital at December 31, 2021 

105,089 

Capital distributions 

(290) 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

1,096 

Net income/(loss) 

(2,867) 

Members capital at December 31, 2022 

103,028 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income/(loss) 

(2,867) 

(9,729) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for losses and impairments of equipment off lease 

4,137 

9,390 

Depreciation and amortization of intangible asset 

86 

2,908 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

482 

468 

Amortization of upfront fees received and initial direct costs paid 

370 

191 

Change in interest rate derivative value 

(462) 

Unrealized loss on equity investment 

92 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)/Decrease in other assets 

1,126 

237 

(Increase)/Decrease in interest receivable 

(23) 

105 

Increase/(Decrease) in interest payable 

403 

(19) 
 
 Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(973) 

1,030 

Increase/(Decrease) in good faith deposits 

(392) 

102 

Increase/(Decrease) in other liabilities 

(1,740) 

337 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

147 

5,112 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Investments in secured loans and direct finance leases 

(66,760) 

(96,647) 
 
 Collections of principal on secured loans and direct finance leases 

85,096 

77,576 

Purchases of secured loans and direct finance leases from an affiliate 

(5,499) 
 
 Non-refundable upfront fees received 

22 

Initial direct costs paid 

(326) 

(540) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of equipment on lease 

1,200 

Proceeds from sales of equipment off lease 

1,824 

17,052 

Cash from sale of NEF Auto Transport assets 

150 

Cash flows from (purchases)/sales of fixed assets 

(33) 

(457) 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

21,151 

(8,493) 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Borrowings on credit facility and loans from affiliate 

87,542 

114,294 

Repayments on credit facility and loans from affiliate 

(104,900) 

(108,374) 
 
 Capital distributions 

(290) 

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 

(17,648) 

5,920 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

3,650 

2,539 

Cash and restricted cash at the beginning of period 

9,060 

6,521 

Cash and restricted cash at the end of period 

12,710 

9,060 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

5,967 

6,527 

Non-cash exchange of right of use assets for lease
obligations 

3,597 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 7 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 (In Thousands) 1. Organization and
Business NEF Holdings, Inc. was organized on June 7, 2013 as a Delaware corporation and commenced its operations in June 2013. Effective
January 1, 2014, NEF Holdings, Inc. converted from a corporation to a limited liability company LLC ), NEF Holdings, LLC NEF Holdings ), pursuant to Section 18-214 of the
Limited Liability Act in the State of Delaware. Subsequent to the close of business on July 31, 2017, NEF Holdings was acquired by SLR Investment Corp., formerly Solar Capital Ltd. SLR ). 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, NEF Holdings had five wholly-owned subsidiaries: Nations Fund I, LLC Fund I ), Nations
Equipment Finance, LLC NEF ), Equipment Operating Leases, LLC EOL ), NEF Auto Transport, LLC NEF Auto Transport and Loyer Capital LLC Loyer Capital (collectively, the Company ). The
Company is headquartered in Wilton, Connecticut. Nations Fund I, Inc. was organized on September 17, 2010 as a Delaware corporation. Effective
January 1, 2014, Nations Fund I, Inc. converted from a corporation to a LLC, Nations Fund I, LLC, pursuant to Section 18-214 of the Limited Liability Act in the State of Delaware. Fund I is a
commercial equipment finance company that provides term loans and leases primarily to middle market and privately held companies. Fund I focuses on direct origination of loans and equipment leases secured by equipment collateral, such as trailers,
trucks, transportation and construction equipment. NEF was organized as a LLC under the laws of the State of Delaware and commenced operations on
August 24, 2010. NEF, doing business as SLR Equipment Finance, serves as the investment manager for the Company. Services provided by NEF include, among other things, identifying, structuring and negotiating transactions, monitoring, advising
and managing investments, exercising control rights, options or warrants, liquidating investments, cash management, accounting, tax, compliance and legal services. 
 NEF Investments, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of NEF Holdings, was organized as a Delaware LLC on January 22, 2018. On April 18, 2018, NEF
Investments LLC agreement was amended which changed the company s name to Equipment Operating Leases, LLC. EOL is a commercial equipment finance company that provides term loans and leases primarily to middle market and privately held
companies. NEF Auto Transport was organized as a LLC under the laws of the State of Delaware and commenced operations in December 2018 through the
acquisition of a former customer. NEF Auto Transport was an auto transport carrier providing direct auto-hauling services. As discussed in note 4, in February 2022 the Company sold substantial all of the assets of NEF Auto Transport and ceased
operations. Loyer Capital was organized as a LLC under the laws of the State of Delaware and commenced operations in May 2019. Loyer Capital is a
commercial equipment finance company that provides term loans and leases primarily to middle market and privately held companies. 
 8 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP ). These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NEF Holdings and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Fund I, NEF, EOL, Loyer Capital and NEF Auto Transport. All significant intercompany balances and transactions are
eliminated in consolidation. Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. 
 Use of Estimates The presentation of the consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that impact the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions are subject to
change in the future as additional information becomes available or as circumstances are modified. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Management s estimates and assumptions are used in estimating an allowance for
losses on financing receivables, impairments of equipment off lease, useful lives of leasing equipment and fixed assets, fair values of unguaranteed residual values, intangible assets and fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 Cash At December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, the Company s cash balance totaled 12,710, and 9,060, respectively. Included in the Company s cash balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is restricted cash of 71, which is maintained in connection with
the lease of the Company s office space. Financing Receivables 
 Included in financing receivables in the consolidated balance sheets are the Company s net investments in direct financing leases and secured loans. 
 Net investment in direct finance leases is reported net of unearned income, deferred non-refundable fees and initial
direct costs associated with their origination, and inclusive of guaranteed and unguaranteed residual values. Direct finance leases are usually long-term in nature, typically ranging for a period of three to seven years and include either a nominal
or fair market value purchase option at the end of the lease term. Non-refundable fees received and initial direct costs incurred associated with the origination of direct finance leases are deferred and are
recognized as an adjustment to interest income over the contractual life of the direct finance leases using the interest method. Secured loans are
reported at the principal amount outstanding, net of non-refundable fees, initial direct costs and accrued interest. These fees are deferred and recognized as an adjustment to interest income over the
contractual life of the loans using the interest method. 
 9 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 Income Recognition 
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The core principle of the revenue model is for an
entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. While this guidance
replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP, ASC 606 is not applicable to financial instruments and, therefore, does not impact most of the Company s revenues. 
 For direct finance leases, the difference between the cost of the equipment and the total finance lease receivable plus, where applicable, the unguaranteed or
guaranteed residual value is recorded as unearned income. Unearned income is amortized as earned income over the term of the transaction using the interest method. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, interest
income from direct financing leases totaled 9,504 and 12,349, respectively, which is included in interest income in the consolidated statements of operations. For secured loans, interest income is recorded on the accrual basis in accordance with
the terms of the respective loan. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, interest income from secured loans totaled 5,440 and 4,004, respectively, which is included in interest income in the consolidated statements
of operations. The Company s revenue recognition pattern for revenue streams within the scope of ASC 606 include fees for providing administrative
and collateral monitoring services, which are earned ratably over the period in which the services are provided, and revenues associated with its auto-hauling operations (see note 4). Such revenues are recognized when evidence of an arrangement
exist, the performance obligations are satisfied, collections are probable and the price is fixed or determinable. With respect to the Company s auto-hauling operations, the sole performance obligation is deemed to be satisfied at a single
point in time, that is, when the customer takes physical possession of the automobile. Other Income 
 Amounts in other income in the consolidated statements of operations primarily include gains on sales of equipment, fees charged for early terminations of
financing arrangements, other miscellaneous fees earned in connection with the administration of such financing arrangements and net impacts of foreign currency translation. Also included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations
are the revenues and cost of sales associated with the Company s auto-hauling business, which was sold in February 2022 (see note 4). Fixed
Assets Fixed assets consist of furniture and fixtures, software, computers, leasehold improvements, automobiles, telephone and office equipment and
auto hauling trucks, and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance that do not extend the useful life of the asset are expensed as incurred and are included in general and
administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 10 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 Fixed Assets (continued) 
 Depreciation and amortization of fixed assets are calculated using the straight-line method over their respective useful lives, and recorded in depreciation
and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Useful Life (Years) 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 7 
 
 Telephone 
 
 7 
 
 Office equipment 
 
 5 
 
 Automobile 
 
 5 
 
 Auto Hauling Trucks 
 
 5 
 
 Computers 
 
 3 
 
 Software 
 
 Lesser of 5 years or license period 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 Lesser of the life of the asset or lease term 
 Good Faith Deposits Good
faith deposits represent cash received from the Company s customers, when the proposal for a potential transaction is signed. These deposits are used to pay expenses such as third-party appraisals, document fees and travel and related costs
incurred by the Company in connection with the origination of the transaction. If the deposit exceeds the expenses incurred by the Company, the excess amount may be refundable to the customer. If the expenses incurred exceed the deposits received,
the Company s customers are liable for the overage. Such overages are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. In the event the Company approves a transaction with a customer and the customer elects not to pursue the
transaction, the Company recognizes any remaining good faith deposit into income, as allowed by the agreed upon terms of the signed proposal. Such amounts are included in other income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 In certain instances, the Company incurs costs to restructure financing receivables, which are in excess of the customer s good faith deposit, such as
legal fees and other expenses associated with the repossession and liquidation of equipment. If these costs are not collectable from the Company s customers, then such costs are expensed and recorded as lease and loan restructuring costs on the
consolidated statements of operations. Allowance for Losses on Financing Receivables 
 The Company maintains an allowance for losses on financing receivables at a level sufficient to absorb probable losses related to its financing receivables as
of the date of the consolidated financial statements. In determining its allowance for losses on financing receivables, the Company considers historical loss rates, collateral coverage and remaining term to maturity of the financing arrangement,
which are reviewed and updated, as appropriate, on an ongoing basis. Individually identified non-performing 
secured loans and direct finance leases are measured based on the specific circumstances of the transaction and a specific allowance is established, if necessary. Amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged directly to provision for losses in
the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, provisions for losses of specifically identified financing receivables totaled 1,659 and 0, respectively. 
 The Company classifies a financing receivable as delinquent when it is overdue by more than 60 days. As of December 31, 2022, financing receivables with
an outstanding balance of 0, 0, and 22,995 were between 61-90 days past due, 91-120 days past due and greater than 120 days past due, respectively. As of
December 31, 2021, financing receivables with an outstanding balance of 0, 3,501, and 245 were between 61-90 days past due, 91-120 days past due and greater than
120 days past due, respectively. 
 11 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 Non-Accrual Financing Receivables 
 Income recognition is generally suspended for financing receivables after 90 days of non-payment, or if full recovery
becomes doubtful based on the assessment by the Company. Income recognition is resumed when financing receivables are less than 90 days past due. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, financing receivables with an outstanding balance
of 22,995 and 22,030, respectively, were on non-accrual of income. Equipment on Lease 
 Leasing equipment is comprised of equipment under operating leases. Leasing equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful life of the equipment. Income is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease which is included in interest income in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The estimated useful lives and residual values of the Company s leasing equipment are based on independent third-party appraisals and management s
judgment. The Company reviews its depreciation policies on a regular basis to determine whether changes have taken place that would suggest that a change in its depreciation policies, useful lives of its equipment or the assigned residual values is
warranted. At December 31, 2022, the Company had no leasing equipment under operating leases. At December 31, 2021, the Company s leasing equipment is comprised of a crane, which the Company estimates its useful life to be four years.
 Leasing equipment is tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recovered. Key
indicators of impairment on leasing equipment include, among other factors, a sustained decrease in operating profitability, a sustained decrease in utilization, or indications of technological obsolescence. 
 Equipment off Lease Equipment off lease arises when the
Company repossesses collateral that secured a financing receivable in a customer default scenario. Such equipment is intended to be sold and is classified as assets held for sale, in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360, Property,
Plant Equipment . A write-down of the financing receivable is recorded as a charge-off when the carrying amount exceeds the fair value and the difference relates to credit quality.
At the time of repossession, the financing receivable is transferred to equipment off lease at the lower of cost or fair value. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had no equipment off lease in the consolidated balance
sheets. A review for impairment of equipment off lease is performed at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of 2,571 and 8,873, respectively, which are included in provision for losses and
impairments of equipment off lease on the consolidated statements of operations. Derivative Instruments 
 The Company manages exposure to interest rates through the use of interest rate caps traded in the over-the-counter markets with other financial institutions. The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Derivative instruments are recognized at fair value and
included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 12 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 Derivative Instruments (continued) 
 Interest rate caps are used to manage the Company s interest rate exposure on its senior secured credit facility. At December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, such derivatives had a notional amount of 45,000 and 75,000, respectively, and a fair value of 1,865 and 307, respectively, which are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, changes in fair value of interest rate caps totaled 1,558 and 86, respectively. The Company
designated certain of these interest rate caps as highly effective hedges. On the date the derivative contract is entered into, the Company formally documents the relationships between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, as well as its risk
management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Hedge effectiveness is measured at the hedge s inception and, on an on-going basis, to determine whether the derivatives are
highly effective in offsetting the changes in cash flows of the hedged item. At December 31, 2022, the Company held two interest rate caps that were
deemed highly effective that had a notional value of 30,000 and a fair value of 1,206. Changes in fair values of interest rate caps, which were deemed highly effective, totaled 1,194 and are included in other comprehensive income, offset by
reclassification gains into earnings of 98. Reclassifications into earnings are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022, the Company also held an interest rate cap that was not deemed
highly effective that had a notional value of 15,000 and a fair value of 659. Changes in fair values of interest rate caps, which were not deemed highly effective, totaled 462 and 86 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Debt 
 Senior secured credit facility represents the Company s principal balance under its long-term revolver, which is carried at amortized cost, along with the
related accrued interest payable, net of unamortized deferred financing costs. Loans from affiliate represent the Company s unpaid principal balance
on term loans, along with the related accrued interest payable to SLR, a related party, as described in note 1. Maturity dates range from January 24, 2023 through April 27, 2025 and carry interest rates ranging from 8.37 to 11.52 . Future
scheduled payments on loans from affiliate are 5,457 in 2023, 7,996 in 2024, and 2,884 in 2025. Deferred Financing Costs 
 Deferred financing costs represent fees and other incremental costs incurred in connection with the financing of the Company s senior secured credit
facility. Such costs are amortized using the straight-line method into earnings over the contractual term of the facility. The unamortized balance of such costs are included as a reduction to the senior secured credit facility balance. 
 Contingencies and Commitments The Company may be subject
to various legal proceedings, claims, and litigation, either asserted or unasserted that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records accruals for contingent losses when such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. In the
event that estimates or assumptions prove to differ from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. Legal fees are expensed as incurred. 
 13 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 Financial Asset Transfers 
 The Company accounts for transfers of financial assets under FASB ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing , utilizing a control oriented, financial components
approach to financial asset transfer transactions whereby the Company: (1) recognizes the financial and servicing assets it controls and the liabilities it has incurred; (2) derecognizes financial assets when control has been surrendered;
and (3) derecognizes liabilities once they are extinguished. Control is considered to have been surrendered only if: (i) the transferred assets have been isolated from the Company and its creditors, even in the event of bankruptcy or other
receivership; (ii) the purchaser has the right to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, or, is a qualifying special purpose entity (as defined) and the holders of beneficial interests in that entity have the right to pledge or exchange
those interests; and (iii) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement which both entitles and obligates it to repurchase or redeem those assets prior to maturity, or through an agreement
which both entitles or obligates it to repurchase or redeem those assets if they were not readily obtainable elsewhere. If any of these conditions are not met, the Company accounts for the transfer as a secured borrowing. 
 Foreign Currencies Assets and liabilities recorded in
foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rate on the date of the consolidated balance sheets. Income and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments resulting from this process,
which totaled 19) for both years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, are recorded in other income in the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had cash,
financing receivables and debt denominated in the Canadian dollar. Income Taxes 
 The Company is a LLC and has elected to be taxed as a partnership. Accordingly, the Company is not subject to federal or state income taxes. Taxable income,
losses and deductions flow through to the Company s members. Fair Value Measurement 
 Fair value is defined as the amount for which an asset could be exchanged, or a liability settled, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm s
length transaction at the measurement date. In determining fair value of financial instruments and intangibles, the Company uses various valuation approaches, which utilize certain assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability, including assumptions about risk to the valuation technique. The inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated or generally unobservable internal inputs. The Company utilizes valuation techniques that rely on both observable
and unobservable inputs. Leases The Company
accounts for leases in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . Included in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, are right of use assets and corresponding lease
obligations, associated with the Company s office spaces, of 3,267 and 4,218, respectively. The Company paid 456 and 579 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, for such leases. The
Company s aggregate scheduled remaining contractual payments under these leases are 385, 393, 401, 409, 417 and 1,637 for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026, 2027 and thereafter, respectively. 
 14 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Asset 
 Goodwill represents the excess of consideration paid for the Company over the fair value of the related assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the
acquisition of the Company on July 31, 2017, as discussed in note 1. As discussed in note 4, in connection with the acquisition of the assets of one of its former customers, the Company acquired an intangible asset related to customer
relationships with a five year useful life. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded amortization expense of 0 and 1,669, respectively. In February 2022, the Company sold substantially all of the
assets of NEF Auto Transport, including the intangible asset related to customer relationships of 767 (see note 4). The Company assesses goodwill for
impairment, annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances occur, by comparing the carrying value to its fair value. If the fair value
is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recorded in that period. Goodwill recognized in business combinations is assigned to the reporting units that are expected to benefit from the combination as of the acquisition date. Goodwill
is not amortized; rather goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an
impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. If the conclusion is supported that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company would not need to perform a
quantitative impairment test. If the conclusion cannot be supported, or if the Company does not elect to do the qualitative assessment, then the Company will perform a quantitative assessment. If a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed,
the Company utilizes a combination of market and income valuation approaches. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than
its carrying value. No impairment of goodwill resulted from the annual impairment assessment in 2022 or 2021. 3. New Accounting Pronouncements
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses . This
amendment will require companies to broaden the information considered in developing its expected credit loss estimates on financing receivables measured either individually or collectively. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, which delayed the effective date of ASU 2016-13. This amendment is effective for the Company for the fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company has evaluated the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations, and has determined that the impact will be immaterial to the
consolidated financial statements as a whole. 4. Business Combinations 
 On December 11, 2018, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary NEF Auto Transport, acquired the assets of a privately held auto transport hauler.
The entity, which was one of the Company s former customers, was acquired out of bankruptcy in satisfaction of all of the amounts due to the Company. Total consideration of 7,082 (of which 250 was in the form of cash) was allocated to the
fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded an intangible asset of 3,950, which was included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, net of accumulated
amortization. 
 15 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 4. Business Combinations (continued) 
 
 On January 17, 2019, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary NEF Auto Transport, acquired a
privately owned auto transport carrier based in Enumclaw, Washington. Total consideration of 975 was allocated to the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which included cash of 33, receivables of 197, fixed
assets of 788, other assets of 37, and payables of 80. During 2019, the Company integrated the operations of both auto transport carriers to form one
business and reporting unit. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 such operations generated net losses of 17 and 4,367, respectively, which included revenues of 517 and 3,350, respectively and direct costs of
 534 and 3,519, respectively. In February 2022, the Company sold substantially all of the assets of NEF Auto Transport for gross proceeds of 2,850,
which included 150 of cash at closing and the remainder in the form of a note from the buyer which is included in financing receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. The assets sold included auto hauling trucks and ancillary equipment of
 1,683 and an intangible asset related to customer relationships of 767, both of which are included in other assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2021. Subsequent to the sale, the Company ceased all
operations of NEF Auto Transport. 5. Financing Receivables 
 Net investment in direct finance leases consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Gross finance lease receivables 

106,866 

120,036 

Guaranteed residuals 

15,108 

22,729 

Unguaranteed residuals 

12,088 

18,838 

Unearned income 

(22,425) 

(27,317) 
 
 Deferred non-refundable fees collected 

(281) 

(370) 
 
 Deferred initial direct costs paid 

480 

549 

111,836 

134,465 

Purchase accounting valuation adjustment 

(112) 

(112) 

Total net investment in direct finance leases 

111,724 

134,353 

Secured loans, net, consist of the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Secured loans, principal 

84,294 

80,252 

Accrued interest receivable 

336 

314 

Total secured loans, gross 

84,630 

80,566 

Deferred non-refundable fees collected 

(54) 

(67) 
 
 Deferred initial direct costs paid 

402 

449 

84,978 

80,948 

Purchase accounting valuation adjustment 

(976) 

(976) 

Total secured loans, net 

84,002 

79,972 

16 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 5. Financing Receivables (continued) 
 
 Aggregate scheduled payments, contractual maturities including guaranteed residuals and unguaranteed
residuals by year on the fixed and floating-rate secured loans and direct finance leases at December 31, 2022, are as follows: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Secured loans: 

Fixed Rate 

34,884 

17,084 

9,764 

12,283 

6,723 

80,738 

Floating Rate 

3,556 

3,556 

Direct Finance Leases 

37,514 

28,047 

32,104 

22,537 

5,186 

8,674 

134,062 

Total 

75,954 

45,131 

41,868 

34,820 

11,909 

8,674 

218,356 

6. Allowance for Losses on Financing Receivables 
 The Company monitors the internal risk rating of each customer. The internal risk rating was developed by the Company and is fully described in the
Company s credit policies and procedures. The internal risk rating gives heavy weighting to collateral coverage and fixed charge coverage of the customer. It also takes into account the customer s leverage as well as subjective factors
including industry cyclicality, quality of management and liquidity. A financing receivable is considered impaired when it is probable that the Company
will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company maintained a specific allowance for losses of 1,659 and 0 on financing receivables
of 4,318 and 0, respectively, and a general allowance for losses of 3,237 and 3,339, respectively, on the remaining portfolio of financing receivables. 
 7. Equipment on Lease, net At December 31, 2022,
the Company had no equipment under operating lease. At December 31, 2021, equipment under operating lease consists of a crane with a cost basis of 1,470, net of accumulated depreciation of 270 for a net balance of 1,200. Total depreciation
expense relating to equipment under operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0 and 342, respectively, and is included in depreciation and amortization expense on the consolidated statements of
operations. Income from operating leases totaled 0 and 553 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 8.
Fixed Assets, net At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, fixed assets, net consists of the following: 

2022 

2021 

Leasehold improvements 

153 

153 

Furniture and fixtures 

141 

148 

Automobile 

59 

59 

Office equipment 

45 

40 

Computers 

35 

53 

Software 

30 

34 

Fixed assets, gross 

463 

487 

Accumulated depreciation 

(138) 

(109) 

Fixed assets, net 

325 

378 

17 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 8. Fixed Assets, net (continued) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to fixed assets totaled 86 and 897 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. For the years ending 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company will recognize annual amortization expense related to software of 8, 6, and 2, respectively. 
 9. Senior Secured Credit Facility Senior secured credit
facility consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Senior secured credit facility, principal 

114,977 

118,002 

Accrued interest payable 

674 

242 

Unamortized deferred financing costs 

(280) 

(761) 

Total senior secured credit facility 

115,371 

117,483 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Fund I maintained a revolving credit facility (the Facility which consists of two separate revolvers, one for U.S. dollars and one for Canadian dollars. The total availability on the U.S. dollar revolver is 180,000 and the total availability on the Canadian dollar revolver is the lesser of CAD 45,000 and
the U.S. dollar equivalent of 33,957. Interest is based on London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR ), plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from 2.25 to 2.50 based on Fund I s leverage ratio. The leverage ratio
represents the ratio of the outstanding balance of the Facility to Fund I s total member s capital, as described in the Facility agreement. All assets of Fund I are pledged as collateral under the Facility. Fund I is also required to pay a
0.375 per annum unused line fee. The Facility requires Fund I and the Company to maintain certain periodic financial covenants surrounding capitalization, cash flow and default, delinquency and charge-off 
ratios. The Company provides a limited guaranty to the Facility for all interest, fees and expenses that cannot otherwise be charged to Fund I. The Facility has a contractual maturity date of July 31, 2023, with the principal payable in full at
maturity. The Company expects to renew the facility in early 2023. 10. Employee Compensation and Benefit Plans 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed personnel at its headquarters in Wilton, Connecticut and regional offices throughout the United States.
Employee compensation and benefits are comprised of base salaries, discretionary bonuses, health care benefits, employer 401(k) contributions and payroll taxes. As a part of their employment agreements, certain members of senior management are
eligible for an annual bonus amount, which is calculated as a percentage of their annual salaries, based on certain financial performance metrics, as described in their employment agreements. 
 Effective August 1, 2017, the Company formed a Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP that provides for an annual bonus pool to certain members of
senior management based on the Company achieving certain performance criteria. The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan, where the Company contributes a
defined percentage of employees annual earnings up to the maximum annual contribution amount as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 18 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 11. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 , establishes a hierarchy of
valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect management s market
assumptions. These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and
liabilities, such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Financial assets utilizing Level 2 inputs include interest rate caps. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company measured its interest rate caps at fair value on a recurring basis. Total fair value of
such derivative instruments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 1,865 and 307, respectively, which was classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy by the Company. The fair value of interest rate caps are measured
using discounted cash flow calculations based on observable inputs from the relevant interest/exchange rate curves in effect at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 ASC 820 also requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values for its financial instruments. No quoted market exists for the Company s financial
instruments. Therefore, fair value estimates are based on judgments, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. Changes in these assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
 The Company estimates the carrying amounts of cash approximated its fair values as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Since there is no
liquid secondary market for the Company s financing receivables, the Company estimates the fair value of its secured loans and net investment in direct finance leases by comparing the average yield of the portfolio to recent issuances of
similar loans and leases. Further, based on the Company s review of the terms of the Facility and its loans from affiliate, as well as valuations from its lenders, management determined that the carrying value of its senior secured credit
facility approximated fair value. The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Carrying Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

Carrying Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

Financial assets: 

Cash and restricted cash 

12,710 

12,710 

9,060 

9,060 

Net investment in direct finance leases 

108,264 

108,130 

132,370 

132,491 

Secured loans, net 

82,566 

81,157 

78,616 

78,814 

Total financing receivables, net of allowances 

190,830 

189,287 

210,986 

211,305 

Financial liabilities: 

Senior secured credit facility 

115,371 

115,371 

117,483 

116,571 

Loans from Affiliate 

16,342 

16,482 

30,703 

30,703 

19 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 12. Concentration of Credit Risk 
 
 Financing receivables subject the Company to credit risk. The Company monitors its portfolios by evaluating
each of the customer s financial condition and collateral. The Company s maximum exposure to credit risk at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, without considering the underlying collateral, is represented by the carrying
value of the financing receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company monitors its financing receivables for geographic concentrations. The
following table reflects such concentrations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Geographic Concentration 

2022 

2021 

Texas 

32,153 

Colorado 

26,904 

New York 

23,935 

Texas 

24,079 

Colorado 

22,564 

Washington 

23,010 

Louisiana 

16,759 

Louisiana 

19,410 

Kentucky 

13,635 

New York 

17,622 

Missouri 

13,301 

Missouri 

13,564 

Tennessee 

8,032 

Pennsylvania 

9,777 

Pennsylvania 

6,883 

Florida 

7,750 

British Columbia (Canada) 

6,440 

Kentucky 

6,219 

Florida 

6,377 

North Carolina 

5,476 

Washington 

4,678 

Wisconsin 

5,028 

Wisconsin 

4,520 

Massachusetts 

4,791 

Maine 

4,318 

Maine 

4,440 

Other U.S. states / Canada 

32,131 

Other U.S. states / Canada 

46,255 

Total financing receivables, gross 

195,726 

Total financing receivables, gross 

214,325 

The amount and type of collateral required depends on an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines are
implemented regarding the acceptability of types of collateral and valuation parameters. Typically, the Company obtains access to collateral either through direct ownership or by a first lien security interest. 
 The Company also monitors its financing receivables for collateral concentrations. The following tables reflect such concentrations as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Collateral Concentrations 

2022 

2021 

Tractors 

23,051 

Tow boats 

23,010 

Barge rigs 

18,283 

Tractors 

20,097 

Trucks 

13,947 

Barge rigs 

18,283 

Loaders 

13,732 

Helicopters 

18,112 

Barges 

13,224 

Cranes 

17,751 

Aircraft 

12,671 

Aircraft 

12,594 

Package sorting equipment 

11,439 

Flight Simulators 

11,785 

All other 

89,379 

All other 

92,693 

Total financing receivables, gross 

195,726 

Total financing receivables, gross 

214,325 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had financing receivables outstanding to one customer that
approximated 9 and 9 , respectively, of total financing receivables for each period. 
 20 

NEF Holdings, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (In Thousands) 

 13. Contingencies and Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a U.S. and a Canadian revolver financing arrangement with a
total outstanding balance of 3,593 and CAD 637 respectively, which are included in financing receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a U.S. and a Canadian revolver financing arrangements
with a total outstanding balance of 3,530 and CAD 455 respectively, which are included in financing receivables, net in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s maximum commitments under the U.S. and Canadian revolvers were 4,000 and
CAD 1,500, respectively, for both years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 14. Member s Capital 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, NEFCORP owns 100 Class A units and NEFPASS owns 100 Class B units, which represent the entire
capital of the Company. 15. Subsequent Events The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 16, 2023, the issuing date of the consolidated financial statements. 
 21 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 18
 d437884dex993.htm
 EX-99.3

EX-99.3 

Exhibit 99.3 
 KBH Topco, LLC 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and 
 Independent Auditor s Report 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 

1 - 2 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 - 18 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 
 To the Management of KBH Topco, LLC 
 Opinion We have audited the accompanying
consolidated financial statements of KBH Topco, LLC, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in members equity, and cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of KBH Topco, LLC as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of KBH Topco, LLC and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with 
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to
the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about KBH Topco, LLC s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the
aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of KBH Topco, LLC s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about KBH Topco, LLC s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to
communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that we identified during the audit. 

Bannockburn, Illinois 
 February 15, 2023 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

ASSETS 

2022 

2021 

Cash 

6,155,829 

7,049,803 

Accounts receivable, net 

15,652,128 

16,503,537 

Inventory, prepaid expenses, deposits and other assets 

6,277,886 

8,079,273 

Investment in sales-type and direct finance leases, net 

79,084,973 

80,796,043 

Equipment under operating leases at cost, net of accumulated depreciation of 144,939,920 and
 88,877,030 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

530,350,075 

490,109,858 

Equipment used in operations at cost, net of accumulated depreciation of 323,402 and 178,018 as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

541,173 

521,899 

Right-of-use 
assets, real estate used in operations 

3,724,781 

Goodwill 

135,364,402 

135,364,402 

777,151,247 

738,424,815 

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

15,685,699 

13,840,502 

Leased equipment accounts payable 

19,879,045 

17,648,150 

Customer deposits and advanced payments 

2,361,870 

6,600,875 

Lease liabilities, real estate used in operations 

3,795,511 

Distributions payable 

4,500,000 

4,000,000 

Deferred income tax liability 

9,637,123 

5,042,391 

Notes payable - Recourse 

135,252,630 

125,094,236 

Secured borrowings 

63,134,022 

102,353,580 

Notes payable - Non-recourse 

296,835,798 

233,276,889 

Senior secured debt - Related-party 

80,000,000 

80,000,000 

631,081,698 

587,856,623 

MEMBERS EQUITY 

146,069,549 

150,568,192 

777,151,247 

738,424,815 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
statements. 
 Page 3 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 

2021 

REVENUE 

Leasing revenues 

177,594,714 

164,829,634 

Sales of equipment and software 

111,468,003 

74,367,255 

Transfers of financial assets 

3,619,883 

5,392,972 

Service revenues 

1,365,200 

1,201,238 

Other income 

4,712,363 

97,399 

298,760,163 

245,888,498 

DIRECT LEASING EXPENSES AND COST OF EQUIPMENT SOLD 

Depreciation of equipment 

83,870,441 

85,447,004 

Interest expense - Recourse debt 

5,964,426 

4,518,691 

Interest expense - Secured borrowings 

4,093,820 

6,086,340 

Interest expense - Non-recourse debt 

10,547,276 

8,438,114 

Interest expense - Senior secured debt - related party 

7,315,080 

6,488,889 

Cost of goods and services sold 

128,513,108 

88,145,805 

240,304,151 

199,124,843 

GROSS MARGIN 

58,456,012 

46,763,655 

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

40,326,719 

30,277,701 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION 

18,129,293 

16,485,954 

INCOME TAX PROVISION 

4,841,905 

4,334,549 

NET INCOME 

13,287,388 

12,151,405 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

(386,031) 

(158,345) 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

12,901,357 

11,993,060 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
statements. 
 Page 4 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 

Other 

Common Units 

Comprehensive 

Units 

Amount 

Income (loss) 

Total 

BALANCE - JANUARY 1, 2021 

84,000,000 

155,670,420 

247,570 

155,917,990 

Net income 

12,151,405 

12,151,405 

Other comprehensive loss 

(158,345) 

(158,345) 
 
 Distributions 

(17,342,858) 

(17,342,858) 

BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2021 

84,000,000 

150,478,967 

89,225 

150,568,192 

Net income 

13,287,388 

13,287,388 

Other comprehensive loss 

(386,031) 

(386,031) 
 
 Distributions 

(17,400,000) 

17,400,000) 

BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2022 

84,000,000 

146,366,355 

(296,806) 

146,069,549 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
statements. 
 Page 5 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

13,287,388 

12,151,405 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Sales-type and direct finance lease receipts 

33,708,587 

40,404,348 

Earned income from sales-type and direct finance leases 

(4,375,939) 

(5,157,268) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

84,031,835 

85,617,265 

Non-cash lease expense, real estate used in
operations 

733,593 

Provision for losses and impairments of equipment off lease 

14,430,739 

15,224,574 

Deferred income taxes 

4,594,732 

4,283,422 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

851,409 

1,188,541 

Inventory, prepaid expenses, deposits and other assets 

859,297 

618,299 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

1,845,197 

2,968,563 

Customer deposits and advanced payments 

(4,239,005) 

(788,729) 
 
 Lease liabilities, real estate used in operations 

(662,863) 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 

145,064,970 

156,510,420 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment in sales-type and direct finance leases 

(30,745,196) 

(30,298,539) 
 
 Purchases of equipment under operating leases 

(200,232,804) 

(149,176,126) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of equipment and software 

68,007,509 

49,299,822 

Purchases of equipment used in operations 

(200,167) 

(96,134) 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

(163,170,658) 

(130,270,977) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from notes payable - recourse 

326,431,257 

233,345,186 

Principal payments on notes payable - recourse 

(316,272,863) 

(232,795,537) 
 
 Principal payments on secured borrowings 

39,219,558) 

(40,993,404) 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable - non-recourse 

196,829,996 

185,871,270 

Principal payments on notes payable -
 non-recourse 

(133,271,087) 

(159,645,661) 
 
 Distributions paid 

(16,900,000) 

(13,342,858) 

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 

17,597,745 

(27,561,004) 

EFFECTS OF CURRENCY TRANSLATION 

(386,031) 

158,345) 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

(893,974) 

(1,479,906) 
 
 CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

7,049,803 

8,529,709 

CASH - END OF YEAR 

6,155,829 

7,049,803 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

27,710,221 

26,747,795 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING
ACTIVITIES 

Business combination measurement period adjustments 

1,450,621 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
statements. 
 Page 6 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Principles of Consolidation and Financial Reporting. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
KBH Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company KBHT formed on October 29, 2020, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (each organized as either a Nevada limited liability company or a Delaware limited liability company),
collectively referred to as the Company. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In November 2020, 87.50 of the Company was acquired by SLR Investment Corp. f/k/a Solar Capital Ltd. SLR ). Description of Business. The Company leases, rents, sells, manages, and remarkets technology, industrial,
healthcare, and other general equipment and software. Their customers are located throughout the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, and the United Kingdom. 
 Management Estimates and Assumptions. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. Significant estimates and assumptions are used for, but not limited to: (1) estimated useful lives and residual values of equipment under operating and sales-type leases; (2) classification of
leases; (3) impairment of equipment; (4) impairment of goodwill; (5) revenue recognition; (6) allowance for doubtful accounts; and (7) valuation of net deferred income tax assets or liabilities. Future events and their
effects cannot be predicted with certainty; accordingly, accounting estimates require the exercise of judgment. Accounting estimates used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements change as new events occur, as more experience is
acquired, as additional information is obtained, and as the operating environment changes. Concentration of Credit Risk. The
Company regularly maintains bank balances that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. Leases. The Company
adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases on January 1, 2022. The standard modifies the accounting, presentation and disclosures for both lessors and
lessees. The Company elected the optional transition method to apply the transition provisions from the effective date of adoption, which requires the Company to report the cumulative effect of the standard on the date of adoption with no changes to
the prior period balances. There was no cumulative effect to beginning members equity as of January 1, 2022, from the adoption of FASB ASC 842. Pursuant to the practical expedients, the Company elected not to reassess: (i) whether
expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, (ii) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases, or (iii) initial direct costs for any existing leases. 
 Lessor Accounting - Leases not classified as a sales-type or direct finance lease are classified as operating leases. If a
lease meets one or more of the following five criteria at lease commencement, the lease is classified as a sales-types lease: 

The lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease term;

The lease grants the lessee an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to
exercise; 

The lease term is for a major part of the remaining estimated economic life of the underlying asset;

The present value of the sum of the lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the lessee that is not
already reflected in the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset; or 

The underlying asset is of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no alternative use to the lessor
at the end of the lease. When none of the sales-type lease criteria have been met, leases are classified as operating
leases unless both of the following criteria are met, in which case the lessor shall classify the leases as direct finance leases: (1) the present value of the sum of the lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the lessee and/or
third party unrelated to the lessor equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset and (2) it is probable that the lessor will collect the lease payments plus any amount necessary to satisfy a residual value
guarantee. 
 (Continued) The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these statements. 
 Page 7 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 Leases. Lessor Accounting (Concluded) Residual Values - 
The estimated residual values of equipment at the end of the useful life are recorded at the inception of each lease. The estimated residual values vary as a percentage of the original equipment cost and depend upon the equipment type. Residual
values for sales-type and direct finance leases are recorded at their net present value and the unearned income is amortized over the life of the lease using the effective interest method. The residual values for operating leases are included in the
leased equipment s net book value. The Company manages and evaluates residual value risk by performing periodic reviews and any impairment, other than temporary, is recorded in the period in which the impairment is determined. No upward
revision of residual values is made subsequent to lease inception. Property taxes paid by the lessor which are reimbursed be the lessee
are considered to be lessor costs of owning the asset and are recorded gross with revenue in other income and expense recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. The Company elected a lessor accounting policy to exclude sales taxes and
other similar taxes on lease revenue-producing transactions collected from the lessee from revenue and expenses. Lessor accounting was not
fundamentally changed by FASB ASC 842 and remains similar to FASB ASC 840 and did not have a significant impact on classification of leases between sales-type, direct finance and operating. 
 Lessee Accounting - Operating lease right-of-use assets
and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments, generally for the base non-cancelable lease term, at the lease commencement date for each lease. The Company
has elected a policy to use a risk-free rate as the discount rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments because the interest rate implicit in most of the Company s leases is not readily determinable. The
Company s lease agreements may contain lease and non-lease components. Variable lease payments are not included in the measurement of the
 right-of-use asset and lease liability, and they are recognized as lease expense is incurred. 
 Leases may contain options to renew or terminate lease terms. The exercise of these lease options is generally at the Company s sole
discretion and included in the right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company elected to apply the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption to its
leases where applicable. Variable lease payments predominantly relate to variable operating expenses including common area maintenance,
property taxes and other operating expenses. The Company records the amortization of the right-of-use asset and the interest accretion on the lease liability for
operating leases as a component of selling, general, and administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income. When lease
agreements provide allowances for leasehold improvements, the Company assesses whether it is the owner of the leasehold improvements for accounting purposes. When the Company concludes that it is the owner, it capitalizes the leasehold improvement
assets and recognizes the related amortization expense on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the related lease term, including renewals that are reasonably assured of being exercised, or the estimated useful life of the asset. Additionally,
the Company recognizes the amounts of allowances to be received from the lessor as a reduction of the lease liability and the associated right-of-use asset. When the
Company concludes that it is not the owner, the payments that the Company makes towards the leasehold improvements are accounted for as a component of the lease payments. 
 Revenue Recognition. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the following accounting standards: (1) FASB ASC 842,
 Leases (FASB ASC 840 for the year ended December 31, 2021) , (2) FASB ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing, and (3) FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
 Revenue from Leasing Transactions under FASB ASC 842 - The Company accounts for certain leasing revenues in accordance with FASB ASC
842. The accounting for revenue is different depending on the type of lease. 
 (Continued) The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these statements. 
 Page 8 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 Revenue Recognition (Continued) . Revenue from Leasing
Transactions under FASB ASC 842 (Concluded) - For sales-type and direct finance leases, the Company records the net investment in leases, which consists of the sum of the minimum lease payments, initial direct costs, and unguaranteed
residual value for sales-type leases and guaranteed residual value for direct finance leases (gross investment) less the unearned income. Revenue for sales-type and direct finance leases is recognized as the unearned income is amortized over the
life of the lease using the effective interest method. For operating leases, rental amounts are accrued on a straight-line basis over the lease term and are recognized as leasing revenue. 
 Leasing revenues consist of rentals due under operating leases and the amortization of unearned income on sales-type and direct finance leases.
Equipment under operating leases is recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the useful life. Revenue from the
Transfer of Financial Assets under FASB ASC 860 - The Company enters into arrangements to transfer the contractual payments due under sales-type and direct finance leases, which are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 860. These transfers
are accounted for as either a pledge of collateral in a secured borrowing or a sale. For transfers accounted for as a secured borrowing, the corresponding investments serve as collateral for recourse and
 non-recourse notes payable. For transfers accounted for as sales, the Company derecognizes the carrying value of the asset transferred plus any liability and recognizes a net gain or loss on the sale, which
are presented as transfers of financial assets in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Revenue from Sales of Equipment,
Software and Services under FASB ASC 606 - Under FASB ASC 606, revenue is recognized when the Company satisfies its performance obligations, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those
goods or services. Revenue from contracts with customers is measured based on the consideration specified in the contract with the
customer, and excludes any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Contracts with customers may include multiple promises that are distinct performance obligations. For such arrangements, the Company allocates the
transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer. The Company recognizes revenue when it
satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for such goods or services. After
completion of the performance obligation, the Company has an unconditional right to consideration as outlined in the contract. 
 Service Revenues - The Company maintains service contracts for maintenance and repair services to customers for the
customer owned equipment. The Company s arrangement is typically a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer. The Company typically
recognizes sales from these services on a straight-line basis over the period services are provided. Payments are typically due within 30 days after an invoice is sent to the customer. Invoices for services are typically sent in advance. 
 Equipment and Software Sales - The Company sells equipment and software to both current lessees and third parties for
leased equipment, brokerage of equipment, and lease transaction sales. Sales revenue is recorded at the amount of gross consideration received. Revenue is recognized at a point in time when the Company satisfies its performance obligations. Payments
are typically due upon receipt of the invoice. Invoices for equipment and software sales are typically sent in advance. The Company has
adopted certain practical expedients under FASB ASC 606 with significant items disclosed herein. The Company has elected to apply the portfolio approach practical expedient allowed under FASB ASC 606 to evaluate contracts with customers that
share the same revenue recognition patterns as the result of evaluating them as a group will have substantially the same result as evaluating them individually. 
 (Continued) The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these statements. 
 Page 9 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 Revenue Recognition (Concluded) . Disaggregation of Revenue
- The table below summarizes the Company s revenues as presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022 by revenue type and by the applicable accounting standard: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

FASB ASC 842 

FASB ASC 860 

FASB ASC 606 

Total 

Operating lease revenues 

173,218,775 

173,218,775 

Sales-type and direct finance lease revenues 

4,375,939 

4,375,939 

Sales of equipment and software 

111,468,003 

111,468,003 

Transfers of financial assets 

3,619,883 

3,619,883 

Service revenues 

1,365,200 

1,365,200 

Other income 

4,580,006 

132,357 

4,712,363 

Total revenue 

182,174,720 

3,619,883 

112,965,560 

298,760,163 

Total revenue subject to FASB ASC 606 recognized at a point in time and over time was 111,600,360 and
 1,365,200, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The table below summarizes the Company s revenues as presented
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021 by revenue type and by the applicable accounting standard: 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

FASB ASC 840 

FASB ASC 860 

FASB ASC 606 

Total 

Leasing revenues 

164,829,634 

164,829,634 

Sales of equipment and software 

74,367,255 

74,367,255 

Transfers of financial assets 

5,392,972 

5,392,972 

Service revenues 

1,201,238 

1,201,238 

Other income 

97,399 

97,399 

Total revenue 

164,829,634 

5,392,972 

75,665,892 

245,888,498 

Total revenue subject to FASB ASC 606 recognized at a point in time and over time was 74,464,654 and
 1,201,238, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts.
 Accounts receivable represent customer obligations, which include base monthly, quarterly, and annual rentals due under the terms of each respective customer s lease and equipment sales. The carrying amount of accounts receivable is
reduced by an allowance that reflects management s best estimate of amounts that will not be collected. The allowance for doubtful accounts was 162,739 and 11,759 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation provisions for revenue-producing equipment are computed using the
straight-line method over the related useful life of the equipment, after giving effect to an estimated residual value. The useful lives for leased equipment range from approximately six and ten years. For other equipment used in operations,
depreciation and amortization is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from approximately three to eight years. 
 (Continued) The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these statements. 
 Page 10 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 
 
 Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration paid over the
estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. The Company performs an annual impairment test for goodwill at the entity level. There were no impairment charges or triggering events for the years ended December 31,
2022 or 2021. Foreign Operations. The functional currencies for the consolidated foreign operations are the Canadian
dollar, Euro, and British pound. The translation of the applicable foreign currencies into U.S. dollars is performed for monetary balance sheet accounts using current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense
accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. Nonmonetary balance sheet accounts and related revenue, expense, gain and loss accounts are remeasured using historical rates to produce the same results as if the items had been
initially recorded in U.S. dollars. The gains or losses resulting from such translation of the Canadian dollar, Euro, and British pound are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in members equity. Assets located
outside the United States and subject to foreign currency denominated transactions totaled 9,008,605 and 7,888,439 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Income Taxes . The Company was formed as a limited liability company and elected to be taxed as a C-Corporation. Deferred income taxes are provided using the liability method whereby deferred income tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and
deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a
valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of the
changes in tax laws and rates at the date of enactment. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred income tax assets and liabilities. 
 KBHT s wholly-owned subsidiaries are disregarded entities for income tax purposes. Their operations are combined with the operations of
KBHT and reported together in one income tax return. Fair Value Measurements . Fair value accounting guidance defines fair
value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements for both financial and non-financial assets. It also provides a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described as follows: 

Level 1 . 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets that the Company has the ability to access. 

Level 2 . 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology include the following: 

Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; 

Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets; 

Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; 

Inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other
means. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, the level 2 input must be observable for
substantially the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 . 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
 (Continued) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Page 11 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Concluded) 
 
 Fair Value Measurements (Concluded). The asset s or liability s fair
value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis subsequent to initial recognition. These assets are
not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only under certain circumstances, as GAAP does not permit the recording of unrealized appreciation of equipment held for sale and leased equipment. 
 In certain circumstances, these assets were written down to estimated fair value when it is determined that net realizable value is below cost.
Adjustments to write down certain equipment held for sale and leased equipment to their net realizable value totaled approximately 15,900,000 and 4,200,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included within
cost of equipment and software sold on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Equipment held for sale totaled approximately 4,100,000 and 5,300,000 as December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included within inventory,
prepaid expenses, deposits and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company records the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, including contingent liabilities, at estimated fair value on the date of the acquisition. The transactions were recorded under the acquisition method of accounting whereby the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at
estimated fair value using level 3 inputs. The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary, pending the completion of various analyses and the finalization of estimates. During the measurement period (which is
not to exceed one year from each acquisition date), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition dates that, if known, would have resulted in the
recognition of those assets or liabilities as of each respective date. The preliminary allocations may be adjusted after obtaining additional information regarding, among other things, asset valuations, liabilities assumed and revisions of previous
estimates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements . In January 2017, FASB issued ASU
 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. This ASU removes the second step of the test where the Company compares the implied fair value of
goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill for that reporting unit. An impairment charge equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of goodwill for the reporting unit exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill is recorded, limited
to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. An entity will apply a one-step quantitative test and record the amount of goodwill impairment as the excess of a reporting unit s carrying
amount over its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. The new guidance does not amend the optional qualitative assessment of goodwill impairment. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted. Adoption of this standard had no material impact to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 In June 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement
of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , to revise the criteria for the measurement, recognition, and reporting of credit losses on financial instruments to be recognized when expected. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. Management is currently evaluating this standard. Reclassification .
Certain reclassifications were made to the 2021 financial statements to conform with the 2022 presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on previously reported consolidated net income or members equity. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Page 12 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 2 INVESTMENT SALES-TYPE AND DIRECT FINANCE LEASES, NET 
 The investment in sales-type and direct finance leases consisted of the following as of December 31: 

2022 

2021 

Minimum lease payments 

79,264,530 

79,388,382 

Estimated residual value 

10,415,588 

9,605,695 

Subtotal 

89,680,118 

88,994,077 

Less: Unearned lease income 

10,595,145 

8,198,034 

Investment in sales-type and direct finance leases, net 

79,084,973 

80,796,043 

NOTE 3 FUTURE MINIMUM LEASE PAYMENTS TO BE RECEIVED 
 Approximate future minimum lease payments to be received under the terms of the non-cancelable 
operating, sales-type and direct finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Year Ending December 31 
 
 Sales-type and direct finance 

Operating 

Total 

2023 

25,560,000 

106,309,000 

131,869,000 

2024 

18,870,000 

75,869,000 

94,739,000 

2025 

13,820,000 

49,239,000 

63,059,000 

2026 

10,190,000 

29,059,000 

39,249,000 

2027 

7,114,000 

20,619,000 

27,733,000 

Thereafter 

3,711,000 

19,452,000 

23,163,000 

Total minimum lease payments 

79,265,000 

300,547,000 

379,812,000 

Less: Unearned Income 

10,595,000 

Sales-type and direct finance lease receivable, at present value 

68,670,000 

NOTE 4 DEBT 
 Secured Borrowings. The Company enters into arrangements to transfer the contractual payments due under sales-type, direct
finance and operating leases. Due to the rights retained on certain lease participations sold, the Company is deemed to have retained effective control over these leases and therefore these transfers are accounted for as secured borrowings. As of
December 31, 2022, the Company has secured borrowing agreements totaling 63,134,022 of which 6,841,422 was recourse and 56,292,600 was non-recourse. As of December 31, 2021, secured borrowing
agreements totaled 102,353,580 of which 11,786,767 was recourse and 90,566,813 was non-recourse. These secured borrowing agreements have various maturity dates through 2028 and interest rates ranging from
3.20 and 5.28 . The investment in sales-type and direct finance leases and the equipment under operating leases pledged under these secured borrowing agreements were 1,616,955 and 79,928,883, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and
 5,781,120 and 115,961,247, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 (Continued) The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these statements. 
 Page 13 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 4 DEBT (Continued) 
 Secured Borrowings (Concluded) . Principal payments on
secured borrowings as of December 31, 2022 were due as follows: 

Year Ending December 31 
 
 Amount 

2023 

25,405,717 

2024 

19,212,021 

2025 

14,783,966 

2026 

3,436,662 

2027 

226,913 

Thereafter 

68,743 

63,134,022 

Notes Payable - Recourse. The Company has recourse borrowing arrangements with various financial
institutions with 135,252,630 and 125,094,236 of recourse debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Various rate structures for each line pricing exist, based upon either the U.S. prime rate (7.50 at December 31,
2022, Prime plus a spread, or based upon 30-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a spread, or the like term swap rate for the investment period, plus 2.50 to 4.50 .
Borrowings are collateralized by either a first lien on the equipment and assignment of rent or a second lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values. 
 Under a 30,000,000 facility, maturing in August 2024, principal payments are determined by the maturities of the underlying equipment leases,
of which 19,951,536 and 23,582,986 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Balances are priced at Prime plus 1.50 , with a floor of 5.00 . Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023
and December 2025. The debt agreement includes covenants for minimum tangible net worth and leverage. Under a 55,000,000 facility
maturing in July 2024, 45,000,000 of the facility was secured by a first lien on the equipment, with principal payments due based on the following schedule: the first two months of borrowing are interest only, after which 1.00 of the original
principal is due on the first of each month, and then at six months from the date of the individual borrowing for the purchase of the equipment, the remaining principal balance is due. On this facility, 28,903,069 and 32,541,965 was outstanding as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, 10,000,000 of this facility was able to be used for borrowings on a term basis, secured by a first lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values and
assignment of rent, of which 471,312 and 412,067 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The debt agreement includes covenants for minimum tangible net worth. 
 Under a 50,000,000 facility maturing in November 2024, principal payments are due based on the following schedule: the first two months of
borrowing are interest only, after which 1.00 of the original principal is due on the first of each month, and then at six months from the date of the individual borrowing for the purchase of the equipment, the remaining principal balance is due.
On this facility, 27,944,804 and 18,858,589 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, 10,000,000 of this facility is able to be used for borrowings on a term basis, secured by a second lien on the
equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values, of which 6,580,105 and 5,859,129 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The debt agreement includes covenants for minimum tangible net worth. 
 Under a 27,000,000 facility, subject to annual review, borrowings are collateralized by either a first lien on the equipment and assignment of
rents or a second lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values subject to a cap on residuals of 8,000,000. On this facility, 3,154,227 and 3,836,082 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023 and January 2028. 
 (Continued) The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these statements. 
 Page 14 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 4 DEBT (Continued) 
 Notes Payable - Recourse (Continued). Under a 7,000,000 facility, subject to
annual review, borrowings are collateralized by a combination of first lien on the equipment and assignment of rents and a second lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values. On this facility, 481,950 and
 2,776,787 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023 and September 2025. 
 Under a 10,000,000 facility, subject to annual review, borrowings are collateralized by a combination of first lien on the equipment and
assignment of rents and a second lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values. Rates are determined at the time of discounting based on the underlying lease term. On this facility, 2,703,153 and 3,365,554 was
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023 and July 2026. Management is currently in the processes of renewing this facility with the financial
institution. Under a 15,000,000 facility, subject to annual review, borrowings are collateralized by a combination of first lien on the
equipment and assignment of rents and a second lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values. On this facility, 3,681,997 and 4,122,105 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Additionally, the same financial institution provided a 9,000,000 facility for borrowings collateralized by the Company s equipment leases with a subsidiary, secured by both the rental stream and equipment residual values. On this portion of
the facility, 4,026,637 and 4,431,018 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023 and December 2026. The debt agreement includes covenants for
minimum tangible net worth. Under a 3,000,000 facility, subject to annual review, borrowings are collateralized by a combination of first
lien on the equipment and assignment of rents and a second lien on the equipment representing the leased equipment s residual values. On this facility, 1,984,246 and 1,706,853 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023 and October 2026. Under a 28,000,000
facility, subject to annual review in September 2023, the Company may borrow either funding against lease stream payments or equity residual in equipment. The periodic payments are determined by the underlying equipment lease streams and/or residual
values of equipment, with both interest rate and principal payments being determined at the time of line draw by the financial institution. Rates on borrowings from this facility range from 200 to 450 basis points over the like term swap rate at the
time of borrowing, with 8,271,743 and 9,311,551 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Borrowings for equity residuals are priced at 2.00 over the corresponding non-recourse stream
rate for the underlying transaction. Outstanding balances as of December 31, 2022 were due between January 2023 and December 2026. There are additional loans with this financial institution of which 288,855 and 132,154 was outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company provides a 400,000 corporate guarantee on the corporate credit cards issued by this financial institution for use by a Company subsidiary. The debt agreement includes covenants
for minimum tangible net worth. The Company has a borrowing arrangement collateralized by a first lien on the equipment and assignment of
rents on a pool of lease transactions totaling 87,920,095 and 66,190,220 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at a borrowing rate ranging from 3.50 to 6.15 . Of the total transactions, 15,270,372 and 11,912,337 as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is secured on a recourse basis for a portion of the equipment s residual values. The recourse portion of this transaction will amortize with cash flow from residual values. Management estimates
that this obligation will fully amortize by October 2025. An additional 13,000,000 was provided on a recourse basis at 5.52 of which 11,538,624 and 2,245,059 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (Continued) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Page 15 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 4 DEBT (Concluded) 
 Notes Payable - Recourse (Concluded). Principal payments on recourse notes
payable as of December 31, 2022 were due as follows: 

Year Ending December 31 
 
 Amount 

2023 

86,850,708 

2024 

15,435,577 

2025 

13,050,618 

2026 

8,186,819 

2027 

5,180,172 

Thereafter 

6,548,736 

135,252,630 

Senior Secured Debt - Related-Party. During 2020 , the Company borrowed 80,000,000
under a recourse senior secured debt facility with SLR. The interest rate on the facility is floating at 90-day London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR plus 7.00 . Interest payments are due
quarterly until maturity in December 2024. The debt is collateralized by a subordinated lien on the Company s leased assets and the Company s outstanding rollover equity interests. The debt agreement includes covenants for minimum tangible
net worth and leverage. The outstanding balance including accrued interest was 80,000,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Related-party interest expense was approximately 7,315,000 and 6,489,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Notes Payable - Non-Recourse. Non-recourse notes payable are collateralized by the assignment of rent and the equipment value under lease. The financial institutions have a first lien on the underlying leased equipment with no further recourse
against the Company in the event of default by lessee. Interest rates range from 1.20 to 8.20 . Under these arrangements, each lease is financed under a separate borrowing. Non-recourse debt and related
interest expense is paid by funds from assigned committed term lease payments with various financial institutions. The outstanding balance was 296,835,798 and 233,276,889 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which 11,376,355
and -0- with an interest of 9.50 was due to a related party under common control as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Principal payments on non-recourse notes payable as of December 31, 2022 were due as follows: 

Year Ending December 31 
 
 Amount 

2023 

112,158,729 

2024 

65,119,869 

2025 

43,687,358 

2026 

33,252,573 

2027 

21,987,267 

Thereafter 

20,630,002 

296,835,798 

NOTE 5 MEMBERS EQUITY 
 All members of the Company have the same rights, preferences, and privileges. Profits, losses, and distributions are allocated in accordance
with the Operating Agreement. The Company has two classes of units: Common units and Preferred units. There were no Preferred units issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these statements. 
 Page 16 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 6 OPERATING LEASES 
 The Company leases various facilities under the terms of non-cancelable operating leases which expire
from February 2023 through July 2028 which call for monthly rental payments ranging from approximately 2,000 to 30,000 per month. The Company does not believe it will exercise the options to extend the leases. The office leases generally require
the Company to pay taxes, insurance, utilities, and maintenance costs in addition to base rent. The components of lease expense were as
follows for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Amount 

Fixed operating lease cost 

733,593 

Variable and short-term lease costs 

419,623 

Total lease expense 

1,153,216 

Other information related to lease was as follows for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

4.69 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2.89 
 
 Cash flows related to leases were as follows for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Amount 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

662,863 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Right-of-use 
assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 

4,395,457 
 
 Approximate future maturities of lease liabilities under non-cancelable 
operating leases were as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

Year Ending December 31 
 
 Amount 

2023 

914,000 

2024 

897,000 

2025 

781,000 

2026 

710,000 

2027 

635,000 

Thereafter 

137,000 

4,074,000 

Less: imputed interest 

278,000 

3,796,000 

(Continued) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Page 17 

KBH TOPCO, LLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 NOTE 6 OPERATING LEASES (Concluded) 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accounted for its operating leases
under FASB ASC 840, Leases. Rent expense under non-cancelable operating leases was approximately 1,040,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 NOTE 7 INCOME TAXES The income
tax provision consisted of the following components for the years ended December 31: 

2022 

2021 

Deferred 

4,594,732 

4,283,422 

Current 

247,173 

51,127 

4,841,905 

4,334,549 

The Company s deferred income tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following components as of
December 31: 

2022 

2021 

Deferred income tax asset (liability) 

Depreciation and amortization 

(30,452,940) 

(20,201,065) 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

41,998 

3,035 

Interest expense carryforward 

3,431,247 

Net operating loss 

17,342,572 

15,155,639 

Net deferred income tax liability 

(9,637,123) 

(5,042,391) 

The Company s effective income tax rate was approximately 26.71 and 26.30 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. NOTE 8 LITIGATION 
 From time to time, the Company is subject to litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of the Company s
management that any claims pending are either covered by insurance or that there is no material exposure to the Company in connection with any proceedings. 
 NOTE 9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 Management has evaluated all known subsequent events from December 31, 2022 through February 15, 2023, the date the accompanying
consolidated financial statements were available to be issued and is not aware of any material subsequent events occurring during this period. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 Page 18 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-99.4>
 19
 d437884dex994.htm
 EX-99.4

EX-99.4 

Exhibit 99.4 
 Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC 
 d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Table of Contents 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 

Independent Auditors Report 

1 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 

Independent Auditors Report 
 To the Board of Managers of Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC and
Subsidiary Opinion We have audited the consolidated
financial statements of Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC and Subsidiary d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, changes in members equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. In
our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in
accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and for the design,
implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 Baker Tilly US, LLP, trading as Baker Tilly, is a member of the global network of Baker Tilly International Ltd., the members of which are separate and
independent legal entities. 2020-2022 Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the
consolidated financial statements. In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to
communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 16, 2023 
 2 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

9,319,837 

3,256,256 

Loans receivable, net 

92,383,159 

81,603,569 

Accrued interest receivable 

1,181,464 

664,127 

Goodwill 

5,663,531 

5,663,531 

Furniture and equipment, net 

35,725 

14,319 

Other assets 

121,706 

72,954 

Total assets 

108,705,422 

91,274,756 

Liabilities and Members Equity 

Liabilities 

Credit facility, net 

76,639,027 

59,398,378 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

2,929,111 

2,491,180 

Dividend payable 

529,029 

529,058 

Total liabilities 

80,097,167 

62,418,616 

Members equity 

Units, 1,000 par value, issued and outstanding 35,264 and 35,270, respectively 

32,814,339 

32,820,783 

Accumulated deficit 

(4,206,084) 

(3,964,643) 

Total members equity 

28,608,255 

28,856,140 

Total liabilities and members equity 

108,705,422 

91,274,756 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 3 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Interest income: 

Interest income 

7,919,047 

5,583,832 

Interest expense 

3,191,098 

1,634,855 

Net interest income 

4,727,949 

3,948,977 

Provision for loan losses 

117,149 

426,428 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

4,610,800 

3,522,549 

Other income 

3,673,619 

4,468,588 

Operating expenses: 

Compensation and benefits 

3,934,044 

3,819,816 

Depreciation and amortization 

22,248 

2,811,730 

General and administrative 

853,453 

697,811 

Total operating expenses 

4,809,745 

7,329,357 

Net income 

3,474,674 

661,780 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members 
Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

31,910,475 

Dividends declared 

(3,716,115) 
 
 Net income 

661,780 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

28,856,140 

Capital distributions 

(6,444) 
 
 Dividends declared 

(3,716,115) 
 
 Net income 

3,474,674 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

28,608,255 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 5 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 

3,474,674 

661,780 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

22,248 

11,730 

Amortization of intangible asset trade name 

2,800,000 

Amortization of deferred origination fees and costs 

(421,113) 

(590,858) 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 

240,649 

229,084 

Provision for loan losses 

117,149 

426,428 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accrued interest receivable 

(517,337) 

(36,146) 
 
 Increase in other assets 

(48,752) 

(1,627) 
 
 Increase in deferred origination fees and costs 

721,951 

507,863 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

437,931 

251,379 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

4,027,400 

4,259,633 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Increase in loans receivable, net 

(11,197,577) 

(42,606,642) 
 
 Purchase of furniture and equipment 

(43,654) 

(4,949) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(11,241,231) 

(42,611,591) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from credit facility, net 

17,000,000 

35,000,000 

Debt issuance costs paid 

(32,590) 
 
 Dividends paid 

(3,716,144) 

(3,716,086) 
 
 Capital distributions 

(6,444) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

13,277,412 

31,251,324 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

6,063,581 

(7,100,634) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 

3,256,256 

10,356,890 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year 

9,319,837 

3,256,256 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Interest paid 

2,669,380 

1,359,195 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 6 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

1. 
 Description of Business 
 Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company formed in December 2006. In February 2021, the Company filed a d/b/a in
the name of SLR Healthcare ABL SLR Healthcare ). SLR Healthcare is a commercial finance company that originates, underwrites and manages primarily secured, asset-based loans for small and mid-sized 
companies operating across the U.S. in the healthcare industry. SLR Healthcare s loans are primarily in the form of revolving lines of credit, secured by accounts receivable of the borrowers. The accounts receivable serving as collateral are
primarily third party obligations from government payers, such as Medicare or Medicaid, and commercial insurers. In certain cases, SLR
Healthcare may provide senior term loan financing, including real estate financing to qualified borrowers in addition to a revolving line of credit. Senior term loans, including real estate loans are typically secured by accounts receivable and all
other assets of the borrowers, such as inventory, equipment and real estate. Gemino Healthcare Funding, LLC Gemino Funding is a wholly-owned special purpose limited liability company that purchases and holds certain eligible loans and related property from SLR Healthcare (collectively, the Company ). 
 On September 30, 2013, SLR Senior Investment Corp. formerly known as Solar Senior Capital Ltd. SLR Senior ), a Maryland
corporation, acquired a controlling interest in SLR Healthcare. On April 1, 2022, SLR Senior merged with the surviving affiliated entity, SLR Investment Corp. SLR Investment ), a Maryland corporation. The remaining interest of SLR
Healthcare is held by the management team of SLR Healthcare. 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SLR Healthcare and Gemino Funding. All significant intercompany balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and to report amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. The allowance for loan losses represents an estimate that is particularly susceptible to material change. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include funds deposited with financial institutions and short-term, liquid investments in money market accounts with
original maturities of three months or less. 
 7 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 
 
 Loans Receivable 
 Loans receivable that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at
their outstanding unpaid principal balances less the allowance for loan losses and any deferred fees or costs. Commitment terms of the
Company s financing agreements generally range from two to five years with interest charged on a floating rate basis. Funding under revolving loan commitments is subject to the Company s estimation of the value of the accounts receivable
pledged as collateral. Revenue Recognition 
 Income on loans receivable is recognized using the simple interest method. Revolving loan origination fees and costs are deferred and amortized
on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related loan commitments as an adjustment to interest income on loans. Term loan origination fees and costs are deferred and amortized using either the effective interest method or the straight-line
method over the life of the loan as an adjustment to interest income. The straight-line method may be used for term loan facilities when it approximates the effective interest method. Other fees, such as unused balance and collateral monitoring
fees, are recognized when the services are provided. Termination fees are recognized when a loan is terminated. These other fees are included in other income. 
 The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent unless the loan is secured. Typically, loans are
placed on non-accrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, all
interest previously accrued, but not collected, is reversed against current interest income and all future proceeds received will generally be applied against principal or interest, in the judgment of management. Loans are returned to accrual status
when all principal and interest amounts contractually due are reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue
arising from contracts with customers. The core principle of the revenue model is for an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. ASC 606 is not applicable to financial instruments and, therefore, does
not impact the Company s revenues. The Company has evaluated the nature of its contracts with customers and fully satisfies its performance obligations on its contracts as services are rendered and the transaction prices are typically fixed;
they are charged either on a periodic basis or based on activity. 
 8 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 
 
 Impaired Loans 
 A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all
amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans are evaluated for impairment by the Company based on an ongoing analysis of each borrower s repayment capacity, the value of the collateral support and the
strength of any guarantees. Loans identified as impaired are further evaluated to determine the estimated extent of impairment. 
 Allowance for Loan Loss 
 The allowance for loan loss represents the Company s recognition of the assumed risks of extending credit. The allowance is maintained at
a level considered adequate to provide for probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Management establishes a general portfolio reserve for unimpaired loans based on various factors including historical loss experience, the overall credit
quality of the loan portfolio, economic trends and conditions, and the regulatory environment. The overall credit quality of the
Company s borrowers is reflected in the individual and weighted average credit risk ratings of the loans in the portfolio. Credit risk ratings for each borrower are established based on a number of qualitative and quantitative factors including
an assessment of management and strategy, historical and projected repayment capacity, collateral coverage and performance, financial condition and sponsorship, strength of guarantees and any contingencies. 
 Specific allowances for loan losses on impaired loans are typically measured based on a comparison of the recorded carrying value of the loan
to the present value of the loan s expected cash flow using the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s estimated market price or the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, if the loan is collateral-dependent combined
with the strength of any guarantee arrangements. Specific allowances are recorded when the discounted cash flows, collateral value, or aggregate market price of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. 
 Loans are charged off when collection is questionable and when the Company can no longer justify maintaining the loan as an asset on the
consolidated balance sheet. Loans qualify for charge off when, after thorough analysis, all possible sources of collection are determined to be insufficient to repay the loan. These include impairment of potential future cash flow, value of
collateral and/or financial strength of guarantors. Recoveries of previous charge-offs are recorded when received. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no recoveries of previous charge-offs. 
 9 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Asset 
 Goodwill and intangible asset trade name arose from the acquisition of the Company on September 30, 2013 (Note 1). Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of those acquired net assets. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is reviewed for impairment annually typically in December of each year or more frequently upon the occurrence of
certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. The Company assesses goodwill for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the Company to its fair value. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if an
impairment is more likely than not to have occurred. If the conclusion is supported that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, then the Company would need to perform a quantitative impairment test. If the
conclusion cannot be supported, or if the Company does not elect to do the qualitative assessment, then the Company will perform a quantitative assessment. If a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment is performed, the Company utilizes a
combination of market and income valuation approaches. No impairment of goodwill resulted for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company assessed its indefinite-lived intangible asset trade name for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the asset to its
fair value. The fair value of intangible asset trade name was estimated using the relief from royalty method, which is an income approach based on the present value of royalties the Company would theoretically have had to pay to license the
trade name from a third party. During 2021 as part of the rebranding strategy to change its name via the d/b/a filing to SLR Healthcare ABL, the Company evaluated the trade name s indefinite-lived position and elected to change the
indefinite-lived intangible asset trade name to a finite-lived intangible asset trade name for the period ending December 31, 2021. Accordingly, the carrying value previously ascribed to the intangible asset trade name was
fully amortized as of December 31, 2021. Furniture and Equipment 
 Furniture and equipment are recorded at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives ranging from three to five years. Debt Issuance Costs 
 The Company reports origination and other costs related to debt issuances as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability.
These expenses are deferred and amortized using either the effective interest method or the straight-line method over the stated life as an adjustment to interest expense. The straight-line method may be used on revolving facilities when it
approximates the effective interest method. 
 10 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies continued 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company is not subject to federal or state income taxes. Members of the Company have elected to report the taxable income or loss on their
individual tax returns. Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company applies authoritative guidance relating to the accounting for uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, a provision for uncertain tax
positions and related penalties and interest is recognized when it is more-likely-than-not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will not be realized or sustained upon examination by the
appropriate taxing authority. Management determined there were no tax uncertainties that met the recognition threshold in 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company files both federal and state income tax returns. The Company remains subject to examination by taxing authorities for the years
2019 and after. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 , Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) to replace the incurred loss model, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL model. The CECL model is applicable to the
measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loans receivable and held-to maturity debt securities. It also applies to
 off-balance sheet credit exposures including loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other similar instruments. For the assets within the scope of CECL, a cumulative-effect
adjustment will be recognized in retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. This new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company has
evaluated the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements, and has determined that the impact will be immaterial to the consolidated financial statements as a whole. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848):
Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting (ASU 2020-04) . The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging
relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform.
 ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company is modifying its outstanding loans receivable agreements and its outstanding credit
facility in order to replace references to LIBOR with SOFR or another alternative reference rate. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Certain amounts in the prior year consolidated financial statements have been reclassified whenever necessary to conform with the current year
presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. 
 11 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

3. 
 Loans Receivable 
 The following table shows the composition of loans receivable, net as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Revolving loans receivable 

94,198,839 

83,001,262 

Less allowance for loan losses 

(953,803) 

(836,654) 
 
 Less deferred origination fees and costs, net 

(861,877) 

(561,039) 

Loans receivable, net 

92,383,159 

81,603,569 

4. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses and Recorded Investment in Loans Receivables 
 The following table summarizes the activity in the allowance for loan losses by revolving loans for the respective years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Beginning balance 

836,654 

410,226 

Provision for loan losses 

117,149 

426,428 

Ending balance 

953,803 

836,654 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

952,745 

830,643 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

1,058 

6,011 

The following table presents revolving loans collectively and individually evaluated for impairment at
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Revolving loans 

94,198,839 

83,001,262 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

94,093,002 

82,400,125 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

105,837 

601,137 

The following table summarizes the non-accrual revolving loans at
December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Recorded investment 

105,837 

601,137 

Unpaid principal 

105,837 

601,137 

Related allowance 

1,058 

6,011 

12 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

4. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses and Recorded Investment in Loans Receivables continued
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The following table summarizes the loan portfolio by the Company s internal credit rating (scale: 1 to 7) as of December 31, 2022 and
2021: Loans with a rating of 4 or better generally pose minimal risk to the Company as they exhibit, among other things, one or more of the following attributes: (1) secured collateral position; (2) satisfactory cash flows; and
(3) history of timely payment of debt obligations. Loans credit rated below 4 are considered watchlist loans; an overall degree of risk exists with these loans that warrants management s review each quarter. 

December 31, 2022 

2022 

2021 

Rated 4 or better 

88,001,460 

82,400,125 

Rated 5 

6,091,542 

Rated 6 

105,837 

601,137 

Total revolving loans 

94,198,839 

83,001,262 

5. 
 Furniture and Equipment 
 Furniture and equipment are comprised of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Computer software and equipment 

136,837 

93,183 

Furniture and fixtures 

41,032 

41,032 

Leasehold improvement 

21,551 

21,551 

Total 

199,420 

155,766 

Less accumulated depreciation 

(163,695) 

(141,447) 

Furniture and equipment, net 

35,725 

14,319 

Depreciation expense was 22,248 and 11,730 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
 13 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

6. 
 Debt 
 On May 27, 2016, the Company entered into a four-year, non-recourse 125,000,000 secured revolving
credit facility, which is expandable to 200,000,000 under its accordion feature. On June 28, 2019, the credit facility was amended and has a maturity date of June 28, 2023. Under the terms of the credit facility, the Company has made
certain customary representations and warranties, and is required to comply with various covenants, including financial and reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The credit facility also includes
usual and customary events of default for credit facilities of this nature. Amounts available to borrow under the credit facility are also
subject to compliance with a borrowing base that applies different advance rates to different types of assets in the Company s portfolio that are pledged as collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were principal borrowings of
 77,000,000 and 60,000,000 outstanding, respectively, under the credit facility which is collateralized by eligible loans and related securities. 
 Interest on the credit facility accrues at a variable rate per annum of one-month LIBOR plus 2.25 
approximating 6.64 and 2.35 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also pays other customary loan fees for the credit facility. 
 The credit facility is comprised of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Principal borrowings 

77,000,000 

60,000,000 

Unamortized debt issuance costs 

(360,973) 

(601,622) 

Credit facility, net 

76,639,027 

59,398,378 

7. 
 Commitments and Concentrations 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has committed facilities to its borrowers totaling approximately 242,106,000 and 183,501,000,
respectively, of which approximately 147,907,000 and 100,500,000, respectively, was unused. Borrowers may borrow up to the lesser of (i) the committed facility or (ii) the underlying collateral value multiplied by the advance rate. Of
the unused committed facility amount at December 31, 2022 and 2021, borrowers could borrow up to approximately 43,954,000 and 27,414,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had sufficient cash available and/or
availability under its credit facility to fund its commitments. At December 31, 2022, the Company had two loans approximating 16 and
12 of the total loans receivable and at December 31, 2021, the Company had two loans approximating 29 and 16 of the total loans receivable, respectively. 
 14 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

8. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 The Company sponsors a 401(k) savings plan, where the Company contributes a defined percentage of employees earnings up to the maximum
contribution amount as determined by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company formed a Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP that
provides for an annual bonus pool to employees based on the Company achieving certain performance criteria. 

9. 
 Fair Value Disclosure 
 Fair value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most
advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values: 
 Level 1 : Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the
ability to access as of the measurement date. Level 2 : Significant other observable inputs other than
Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
 Level 3 : Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the
fair value of the entire Company, since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized in the table
below at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents (Level 1) 

9,319,837 

9,319,837 

Loans receivable, net (Level 3) 

92,383,159 

93,245,036 

Financial liabilities: 

Credit facility, net (Level 2) 

76,639,027 

77,000,000 

2021 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents (Level 1) 

3,256,256 

3,256,256 

Loans receivable, net (Level 3) 

81,603,569 

82,020,335 

Financial liabilities: 

Credit facility, net (Level 2) 

59,398,378 

60,000,000 

15 

Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

10. 
 Related Parties 
 An employee of an affiliated entity provides marketing and sales services to the Company for which the Company reimburses the affiliated
entity. Such reimbursements have been included in compensation and benefits expenses. The Company sold a participation in a loan agreement
to SLR Investment. The participation was sold in August 2022 for a total commitment of 5,000,000 and the outstanding loans receivable balance at December 31, 2021 was 3,966,336. 

11. 
 Subsequent Events 
 The Company evaluated subsequent events for recognition or disclosure through 
 February 16, 2023, which was the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 
 16 

</EX-99.4>

<EX-99.5>
 20
 d437884dex995.htm
 EX-99.5

EX-99.5 

Exhibit 99.5 
 North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Financial Report December 31, 2022 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 

Independent Auditor s Report 

1-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

4 

Consolidated Statements of Members Equity 

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

7 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 Audit Committee North Mill Holdco LLC 
 Opinion We have audited the consolidated financial
statements of North Mill Holdco LLC and its subsidiaries (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, members equity, and cash flows for the
years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the
accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance
with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. 
 Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. We are required to
communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 /s/ RSM US LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 21, 2023 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and
2021 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash 

7,396,967 

5,187,429 

Finance receivables: 

Loans receivable 

154,062,897 

110,975,999 

Less: unearned fee income 

284,640 

35,927 

153,778,257 

110,940,072 

Accounts receivable 

131,942,768 

137,675,981 

Less: allowance for uncollectible finance receivables 

1,834,061 

1,834,061 

Finance receivables, net 

283,886,964 

246,781,992 

Goodwill 

36,187,729 

36,187,729 

Accrued interest receivable 

1,735,159 

845,561 

Other assets 

256,914 

329,828 

Furniture and equipment, net 

545,337 

282,006 

Right of use asset 

2,238,007 

1,179,246 

Total assets 

332,247,077 

290,793,791 

Liabilities and Members Equity 

Liabilities: 

Note payable, net of issuance costs (Note 7) 

213,141,607 

182,536,660 

Due to factoring clients 

34,200,052 

27,944,605 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

3,401,465 

2,030,084 

Lease liability 

2,238,007 

1,179,246 

Total liabilities 

252,981,131 

213,690,595 

Commitments (Note 8) 

Members equity 

79,265,946 

77,103,196 

Total liabilities and members equity 

332,247,077 

290,793,791 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Interest and finance charges 

26,815,365 

20,192,516 

Less: interest expense 

8,306,061 

3,921,934 

Net interest income 

18,509,304 

16,270,582 

Service fees and other finance charges 

2,617,984 

3,828,782 

Net interest and other non-interest income 

21,127,288 

20,099,364 

Expenses: 

Personnel 

9,984,711 

9,232,239 

Acquisition expenses 

3,699,997 

529,552 

General and administrative 

3,048,501 

2,799,572 

Legal and professional fees 

453,413 

242,785 

17,186,622 

12,804,148 

Net income 

3,940,666 

7,295,216 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Members Equity Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

55,108,597 

Net income 

7,295,216 

SLR contributions 

20,000,000 

Distribution to members 

(5,300,617) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

77,103,196 

Net income 

3,940,666 

SLR contributions 

5,000,000 

Distribution to members 

(6,777,916) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

79,265,946 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

3,940,666 

7,295,216 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

149,413 

120,067 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

367,771 

472,437 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accrued interest receivable 

(889,598) 

34,213 

Other assets 

72,915 

(47,924) 
 
 Increase in: 

Unearned fee income 

248,713 

16,957 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

1,371,381 

13,766 

Due to factoring clients 

6,255,447 

6,964,158 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

11,516,708 

14,868,890 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Increase in finance receivables, net 

(37,353,685) 

(33,742,591) 
 
 Acquisition of business 

(66,670,894) 
 
 Purchases of furniture and equipment 

(412,744) 

(189,212) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(37,766,429) 

(100,602,697) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from note payable 

31,173,335 

72,160,557 

SLR contributions 

5,000,000 

20,000,000 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

(936,160) 

(322,216) 
 
 Distribution to members 

(6,777,916) 

(5,300,617) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

28,459,259 

86,537,724 

Net increase in cash 

2,209,538 

803,917 

Cash: 

Beginning 

5,187,429 

4,383,512 

Ending 

7,396,967 

5,187,429 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

6,993,995 

3,204,430 

Non-Cash Disclosure: 

Right of use asset and lease liability 

1,451,570 

877,449 

Assets and liabilities acquired in business combination: 

Accounts receivable 

66,217,916 

Due to factoring clients 

11,256,734 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. 
 Nature of the Business 
 The operations of North Mill Holdco LLC Holdco and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) consist primarily of those financial
activities common to the commercial asset-based finance industry. Holdco, a subsidiary of SLR Investment Corp. SLR ), was
formed on May 17, 2019 in connection with the acquisition of Summit Financial Resources, LLC Summit ). North Mill Capital
LLC NMC was formed as a single-member Delaware limited liability company on August 18, 2010 and commenced operations on October 29, 2010. SLR acquired a controlling interest in NMC on October 20, 2017. SLR contributed
its interests in NMC to Holdco on June 28, 2019. NMC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdco. NMC is a specialty finance company
engaged in providing asset-based commercial financing to small and medium-sized businesses. The Company s core business is providing and servicing loans ranging from 200,000 to 40,000,000 secured by
accounts receivable, inventory, and equipment. Borrowers are located throughout the United States. PrinSource Capital Companies, LLC, a
wholly owned subsidiary of NMC, and their wholly owned subsidiary Partner Plus, LLC (collectively, PrinSource ), were acquired by NMC on December 30, 2011. Summit was acquired by Holdco on June 28, 2019. PrinSource, Summit, and
Fast Pay Partners LLC Fast Pay (Note 2) provide financial services through the funding and financing of working capital assets, primarily accounts receivable and inventory. 

Note 2: 
 Acquisition 
 On June 3, 2021, NMC acquired a 100 equity interest in Fast Pay. The total purchase price was 66,670,894. The acquisition was accounted
for as a business combination and the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective fair values as of the date of the acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed has been recorded as goodwill on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Assets Acquired 

Accounts receivable 

66,217,916 

Liabilities Assumed 

Due to factoring clients 

11,256,734 

Identifiable net assets 

54,961,182 

Goodwill 

11,709,713 

Purchase price 

66,670,894 

Upon allocating the purchase price to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the book value of intangible
assets, consisting of goodwill, increased by 11,709,713. The accounts receivable were recorded at fair value with no allowance for loan losses established at the acquisition date. 
 
 7 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Acquisition related costs of 529,552, including legal, professional and other expenses, were recorded during
2021 and not included in the purchase price. An additional earn out payment of 3,699,997 was made in 2022 in connection with the acquisition and was
based on reaching certain loan balances for a six month period subsequent to the acquisition date. The payment has been recorded as acquisition expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Note 3: 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 Significant accounting policies are as follows: 
 Principles of consolidation: The financial statements include the accounts of NMC and its subsidiaries. All material intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Revenue recognition: The Company recognizes interest and fee
income in accordance with ASC 310, Receivables and ASC 825, Interest . Interest income is recognized as earned based on the terms of the underlying loan agreement. Fees received for the origination of loans are
deferred and amortized into income over the contractual lives of the loans and annual fees received for loans are deferred and amortized into income over a twelve-month period using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest
rate method. Unamortized amounts are recognized as income at the time that loans are paid in full. Interest income on loans receivable is recognized using the interest method. Interest and fee income are accrued based on the outstanding loan balance
and charged monthly to the loan balance as earned, except in instances that a reasonable doubt exists as to the collectability of interest, in which case the accrual of income may be suspended. 
 The Company recognizes and measures revenue recognition on other fee income in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts With
Customers. Other fee income, which includes wire transfers, field examination charges, late reporting fees and other items charged to borrowers, is recognized as charged. 
 Cash: The Company maintains its cash balances at several financial institutions which at various times during the year have exceeded the
threshold for insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Loans and accounts receivable: The Company provides
asset-based financing primarily in the form of revolving credit facilities collateralized by the borrower s assets, including, but not limited to, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and general intangibles. The loan term is generally two
years and management has the intention and ability to hold until maturity or payoff. Provisions for credit losses for loans receivable are charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain the allowance for credit losses at an amount
considered adequate to cover the estimated losses of principal and accrued interest in the existing loan portfolio. The Company s charge-off policy is based on a loan-by-loan review for all receivables. Management periodically evaluates the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses by reviewing credit loss experience, change in size and character of credit risks,
the value of collateral and general economic conditions. Loans are charged off against the allowance when management determines the loan to be permanently impaired. 
 8 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Specific allowances for loan losses are generally applied to impaired loans and are typically
measured based on a comparison of the recorded value of the loan to the present value of the loan s expected future cash flows from the liquidation of the underlying collateral. 
 Finance receivables are stated at cost, net of an allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is based on management s
assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts, the aging of the accounts receivable, historical experience and other currently available evidence. If there is a deterioration of a major customer s credit worthiness or actual
defaults are higher than the historical experience, management s estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to the Company could be adversely affected. 
 When the Company determines there is insufficient collateral to support an outstanding loan or accounts receivable balance and believes it is
no longer probable that principal and/or interest payments will be collected, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status. Such non-accrual loans may be
restored to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and, in management s judgment, are likely to continue. 
 Participation funding: The Company enters into participation funding and servicing arrangements with other lending institutions whereby
the other institutions pay the Company a processing fee for servicing financing arrangements that the other institutions have entered into with their customers. Under these arrangements, the Company, as the participant, assumes the risk related to
their percentage share of the arrangement. The Company pays the lending institutions a pro rata percentage of the fee income earned. The arrangements are presented in accounts receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet net of the
amount due to the institution. The Company enters into participation funding arrangements with third-party lending institutions, whereby
those institutions participate in loans originated by the Company. These arrangements are used by the Company to manage risk associated with loans and accounts receivable that may potentially exceed funding limits. Transfers of financial assets are
accounted for as sales, when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when: the assets have been isolated from the Company put presumptively beyond the reach of the transferor
and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership; the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets; and the Company does not maintain
effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity or the ability to unilaterally cause the holder to return specific assets, other than through a cleanup call. 
 Furniture and Equipment: Property and equipment acquired in acquisitions is recorded at fair value. Additions are recorded at cost and
stated net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the assets, which is generally three to five years for equipment and ten years for furniture and fixtures.
 
 9 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Debt issuance costs: Costs incurred in connection with the placement of the revolving
credit facility have been capitalized and recorded as a reduction to the note payable on the balance sheets. These costs are amortized as interest expense over the life of the facility using the effective interest method or straight line method if
it approximates the effective interest method. Impairment of long-lived assets: The Company reviews long-lived assets, including
furniture and equipment and intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when undiscounted
future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition is less than the carrying amount. No impairments have occurred to date. 
 Goodwill: Goodwill represents the excess of consideration paid for an acquired business over the fair value of the related assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill arose from the acquisition of the Company on October 20, 2017, Summit, and Fast Pay (Note 2). The Company is required to assess its goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or
changes in circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The Company assesses goodwill for impairment by comparing the carrying
value of the Company to its fair value. If the fair value were less than the carrying value, an impairment loss would be recorded for the difference between the fair value and carrying value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there was no impairment. Income taxes: No provision has been made for income taxes, if any, as these are the obligation of the
members. The Company files income tax returns as a partnership in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state jurisdictions. The
Company applies authoritative guidance relating to the accounting for uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, a provision for uncertain tax positions and related penalties and interest is recognized when it is more
 likely-than-not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The term more-likely-than-not means a likelihood or
more than 50 . A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold considers the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. 
 Interest rate risk: Inherent in the Company s principal business activities is the potential for the Company to assume interest
rate risks that result from differences in the maturities and re-pricing characteristics of certain assets and liabilities. 
 Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 10 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Leases: The Company recognizes and measures its leases in accordance with FASB ASC
842, Leases . The Company is a lessee in several non-cancellable operating leases for office space. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception of a contract
and when the terms of an existing contract are changed. The Company recognizes a right of use (ROU) asset and a lease liability asset, initially and subsequently, based on the present value of its future lease payments. The discount rate is the
implicit rate, if it is readily determinable, or otherwise the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate. The implicit rates of the Company s leases are not readily determinable and accordingly, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate
based on the information available at the commencement date for all leases. The Company s incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest it would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease
payments under similar terms and in a similar economic environment. The Company used a weighted average discount rate of 3.70 and the weighted average remaining lease terms is 4.18 years. The ROU asset is subsequently measured throughout the lease
term at the amount of the remeasured lease liability (i.e., present value of the remaining lease payments), plus unamortized initial direct costs, plus (minus) any prepared (accrued) lease payments, less the unamortized balance of lease incentives
received, and any impairment recognized. Subsequent events: The Company has evaluated its subsequent events (events occurring after
December 31, 2022) through February 21, 2023, which represents the date the financial statements were available to be issued, and determined that there were no material subsequent events requiring adjustment to, or disclosure in the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Recent Accounting Pronouncement: In June 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) : Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 sets
forth a current expected credit loss model requiring the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts.
This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company for its fiscal
year beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is evaluating the impact using a model that incorporates portfolio characteristics, risk rating, historical losses, and current economic conditions. Management is in the process of finalizing
the model and significant assumptions used with the model. In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU
 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment (Topic 350), which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. ASU
 2017-04 is effective for annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal year 2023, with early adoption permitted for annual or interim tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017.
The amendments included in this ASU are to be applied prospectively. The Company does not expect implementation of this new standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, 
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, March 2020 , to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge
accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Entities can elect not to apply certain
modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by what the guidance calls reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. An entity that makes this election would not have to remeasure the contracts at the modification
date or reassess a previous accounting determination. Also, entities can elect various optional expedients that would allow them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria
are met, and can make a one-time election to sell and/or reclassify held-to-maturity debt securities that reference an interest
rate affected by reference rate reform. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), Deferral of the Sunset date of Topic 848, which defers the sunset date in Topic 848
from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The amendments in this ASU apply to all entities (subject to meeting certain criteria) that have contracts, hedging relationships, or other transactions that reference the London Interbank
Offered Rate (LIBOR) or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on the Company s financial position and results
of operations. 

Note 4. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 , establishes a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the
inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect management s market assumptions. 
 These two types of inputs create the following fair value hierarchy: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and
liabilities, such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Financial assets utilizing Level 2 inputs include currency swaps and interest rate caps. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs. 
 ASC 820 also requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values for its financial instruments. No quoted market exists for the
Company s financial instruments. Therefore, fair market estimates are based on judgments, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. Changes in these assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
 The Company estimates the carrying amounts of cash approximated its fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Since there is no liquid
secondary market for the Company s financing receivables, the Company estimated the fair value of its secured loans by comparing the average yield of the portfolio to recent issuances of similar loans. The Company has determined that the
secured loans and note payable are considered level three under the fair value hierarchy described above. 
 12 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Carrying Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

Carrying Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

Financial assets: 

Cash 

7,396,967 

7,396,967 

5,187,429 

5,187,429 

Finance receivables: Net of allowance 

283,886,964 

283,886,964 

246,781,991 

246,781,991 

Liabilities: 

Note Payable 

213,141,607 

213,141,607 

182,536,660 

182,536,660 

Note 5. 
 Loans and Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Loans receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of revolving lines of credit to commercial customers that range from one to three
years and are secured by accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. There are commitments to borrowers that are dependent on the borrowing base. The commitments are generally limited to 85 of the collateral being presented. 
 Changes in the allowance for credit losses for loans receivable and accounts receivable are as follows: 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

1,834,061 

Provision for uncollectible finance receivables 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

1,834,061 

Provision for uncollectible finance receivables 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

1,834,061 

All balances were individually evaluated for impairment. 
 The Company has implemented and adheres to an internal review system and credit loss allowance methodology designed to provide for the
detection of problem receivables and an adequate allowance to cover credit losses. At least quarterly, a risk rating is assigned to individual balances. Management assigns a higher risk rating when they determine that their credit exposure has
increased. Management assigns these risk ratings based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the profitability, cash flow position, tangible net worth, strength of collateral performance and coverage, the probability of a loss being
realized and results of internal audits and verifications related to each specific receivable. The Company typically classifies all loans
as held to maturity. Any acquired loans are recorded at their estimated Acquisition Date fair values. The estimated fair values include consideration of discounted cash flows as well as various other factors including the type of loan and related
collateral, estimated future cash flows, as well as a discount rate that reflects the Company s assessment of risk inherent in the cash flow estimates. The fair value of the loans acquired effectively remove the Company s allowance for
loan losses for such acquired loans. Loans funded subsequent to an acquisition are recorded at the amount of unpaid principal, net of unearned fees, discounts and includes an allowance for loan losses. 
 13 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable
that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Factors considered in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting payments
when due. The significance of payment delays and/or shortfalls is determined on a case-by-case basis. All circumstances surrounding the loan are taken into account. Such
factors include the length of the delinquency, the underlying reasons and the borrower s prior payment record. Impairment is measured on these loans on a
 loan-by-loan basis. Impaired loans include non-accrual loans and other loans deemed to be impaired based on the aforementioned
factors. NMC did not have any loans or accounts receivable that are non-performing, impaired,
modified or past due as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Note 6. 
 Furniture and Equipment 
 Furniture and equipment consists of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Furniture and fixtures 

457,122 

275,011 

Equipment 

2,138,407 

1,907,774 

2,595,529 

2,182,785 

Accumulated depreciation 

2,050,192 

1,900,779 

545,337 

282,006 

Depreciation expense was 149,413 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 120,067 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Note 7. 
 Note Payable 
 The Company has entered into a 285,307,000 credit facility which expires November 13, 2025. Borrowings are secured by substantially all
of the Company s assets. Interest on borrowings under the facility is payable monthly and is based on the SOFR plus an applicable margin, as defined. The interest rate is 4.12 percent as of December 31, 2022. Outstanding borrowings
under the credit facility are generally limited to 85 percent of eligible receivables, less any reserves established by the bank, as defined. The Company is required to maintain specified financial ratios and to comply with other covenants. The
balance outstanding under this credit facility was 214,425,205 at December 31, 2022 and 183,251,870 at December 31, 2021. Note payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following: 
 14 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2022 

2021 

Outstanding principal balance 

214,425,205 

183,251,870 

Less: debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of 1,732,358 and 1,364,587,
respectively 

1,283,598 

715,210 

213,141,607 

182,536,660 

Total interest expense related to note payable was 7,837,581 and 3,310,394 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of deferred costs of 367,771 and 472,437 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Note 8. 
 Commitments 
 Employment agreements: The Company has entered into service agreements with certain members of management. Annual base compensation due
under these agreements is included in personnel expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The annual base compensation is subject to review and adjustment by the Company. The employees are also eligible to receive bonus compensation at
the discretion of the Board of Managers. The agreements can be terminated by either the Company or the employees at any time upon written notice. Certain additional amounts may be paid to the employees, contingent upon the circumstances surrounding
the termination, as defined in the service agreements. Operating lease: The Company rents its office space under non-cancelable operating leases that expire through December 2027. Base rents due under the leases escalate throughout the term of the leases. These leases generally contain renewal options but the Company is not
reasonably certain to exercise these options. The optionable periods are not included in determining the lease term and the associated payments under the renewal options are excluded from lease payments. 
 The total minimum rental commitment at December 31, 2022, is due as follows: 
 Years ending December 31: 

2023 

583,152 

2024 

548,135 

2025 

512,349 

2026 

492,379 

2027 

208,377 

Total lease commitments 

2,344,392 

Less: interest 

(106,385) 

Present value of lease liability 

2,238,007 

Rent expense was 586,007 and 499,517 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 15 

North Mill Holdco LLC and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 An employee of NMC provides marketing and sales services to an affiliated entity for which NMC was reimbursed. Such reimbursements have
been recorded in the Company s Statement of Operations as a reduction of Personnel expenses. NMC has sold participations in several
loan agreements to SLR. The participations sold for a total commitment of 68 million and the amount outstanding at December 31, 2022 was 53.4 million. 
 16 

</EX-99.5>

<EX-99.6>
 21
 d437884dex996.htm
 EX-99.6

EX-99.6 

Exhibit 99.6 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Supplemental Information 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors SLR Investment Corp.:
 We have audited and reported separately herein on the consolidated financial statements of SLR Investment Corp. (and subsidiaries) (the Company)
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. We have also previously audited,
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of
December 31, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013,
(none of which is presented herein), and we expressed unqualified opinions on those consolidated financial statements. The senior securities table
included in Part II, Item 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, under the caption Senior Securities (the Senior Securities Table) has been
subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction with the audits of the Company s respective consolidated financial statements. The Senior Securities Table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our audit procedures
included determining whether the Senior Securities Table reconciles to the respective consolidated financial statements or the underlying accounting and other records, as applicable, and performing procedures to test the completeness and
accuracy of the information presented in the Senior Securities Table. In forming our opinion on the Senior Securities Table, we evaluated whether the Senior Securities Table, including its form and content, is presented in conformity with the
instructions to Form N-2. In our opinion, the Senior Securities Table is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the respective consolidated financial statements as a whole. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP New York, NY 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-99.6>

<EX-101.SCH>
 22
 slrc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 slrc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 slrc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 slrc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

