<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1171759_0001171759-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11094933</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>333254</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1982590</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3541842</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2743502</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2318283</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171759-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228170639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171759-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221225
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001171759
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				841573084
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1225

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34851
		FILM NUMBER:		23687027

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 EAST GEDDES AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3038466000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 EAST GEDDES AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171759-23-000015.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 rrgb-20221225.htm
 10-K

rrgb-20221225 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (State) (Zip Code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 (Global Select Market) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates (based on the closing price on the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter on The Nasdaq Global Select Market) was million. All executive officers and directors of the registrant have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be "affiliates" of the registrant. 
 There were shares of common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 PART II ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 25 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 71 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 71 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 73 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 73 
 PART III ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 73 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 73 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 73 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 73 
 PART IV ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 75 
 Signatures 
 77 

i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, primarily operates, franchises, and develops casual dining restaurants in North America famous for serving more than two dozen craveable, high-quality burgers with Bottomless Steak Fries and sides in a fun environment welcoming to Guests of all ages. 
 We opened the first Red Robin restaurant in Seattle, Washington in September 1969. In 1979, the first franchised Red Robin restaurant was opened in Yakima, Washington. In 2001, we formed Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and consummated a reorganization of the Company. Since that time, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. has owned, either directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding capital stock or membership interests, respectively, of Red Robin International, Inc. and our other operating subsidiaries through which we operate our Company-owned restaurants. Unless otherwise provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to "Red Robin," "we," "us," "our", or the "Company" refer to Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 As of the end of our fiscal year on December 25, 2022, there were 511 Red Robin restaurants, of which 414 were Company-owned and 97 were operated by franchisees. Our franchisees are independent organizations to whom we provide certain support. See "Restaurant Franchise and Licensing Arrangements" for additional information about our franchise program. As of December 25, 2022, there were Red Robin restaurants in 38 states and one Canadian province. 
 The Company operates its business as one operating and one reportable segment. Financial information for our operating segment is included in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company's fiscal year is 52 or 53 weeks ending the last Sunday of the calendar year. We refer to our fiscal years as 2022, 2021, and 2020 throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our fiscal years, fiscal year end dates, and the number of weeks in each period are summarized in the table below: 
 Fiscal Year Year End Date Number of Weeks in Fiscal Year Current and Prior Fiscal Years: 2022 December 25, 2022 52 2021 December 26, 2021 52 2020 December 27, 2020 52 Upcoming Fiscal Years: 2023 December 31, 2023 53 2024 December 29, 2024 52 
 Business Strategy 
 The Company recently released its North Star five-point plan designed to enhance the Company's competitive positioning. The North Star five-point plan consists of the following: 
 
 Transform to an Operations Focused Restaurant Company: 
 Empower decision making by operators at the unit level 
 Incentivize and reward operators to drive business growth and results 
 Restructured support organization 
 
 Elevate the Guest Experience: 
 Invest in people, food quality, and the restaurant facility 
 New cooking platform to fully deliver on our commitment of Gourmet Burgers 
 Menu refresh adding variety of both offerings and price points 
 
 Remove Costs and Complexity: 
 Optimize the supply chain to reduce costs and ensure consistent delivery of high-quality product 
 Evaluate vendors for need, performance, and competitive costs 
 Implement ongoing process to reduce costs through actions that uphold our commitment to a great Guest experience 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Optimize Guest Engagement: 
 Engage and support local communities in which we operate 
 Enhance the off-premises experience 
 Further build and engage Guests through Red Robin Royalty loyalty program 
 
 Drive Growth in Comparable Restaurant Revenue Unit Level Profitability, and Deliver Financial Commitments: 
 Regain credibility with the investment community 
 Drive performance in the existing base of restaurants, earning the right to resume new unit growth 
 Deliver financial guidance commitments 
 
 The Red Robin vision is to be the most loved restaurant brand in the communities we serve. 
 Restaurant Concept 
 With our menu of Gourmet Burgers and American favorites, attractive atmosphere, and playful environment that connects friends and family, our brand not only carries great memories for our most loyal Guests but also appeals to a broad demographic. Our Guests seek connection with friends and family across a diverse and multi-generational demographic. 
 We pride ourselves on our Gourmet Burgers and other mainstream favorites served in a casual, playful atmosphere. Our menu features our signature product, a line of Gourmet Burgers made from premium quality, fresh ground beef. To complement our best-selling Gourmet Burgers, we offer an everyday-value line of Red's Tavern Double burgers, and Red Robin's Finest line made with premium toppings. We also offer burgers made with other proteins including chicken breasts (grilled or fried), turkey patties, as well as a proprietary vegetarian patty and the Impossible plant-based burger patty. We offer a selection of buns, including gluten free, sesame, brioche, and lettuce wraps, with a variety of toppings, including house-made sauces, crispy onion straws, saut ed mushrooms, several cheese choices, and a fried egg. All of our burgers are served with our all-you-can-eat Bottomless Steak Fries or Guests may choose from other side options. We specialize in customizing our menu items to meet our Guests' dietary needs and preferences and have received recognition from experts in the allergen community. In addition to burgers, which accounted for 61 of food sales in 2022, Red Robin serves an array of other mainstream favorites that appeal to our Guests. These items include a variety of foods like Donatos pizza, wings, salads, other entrees, and desserts. We also offer a range of single-serve and shareable desserts as well as our milkshakes. Our beverages include signature alcoholic and non-alcoholic specialty drinks, cocktails, wine, and a variety of national and craft beers. 
 We strive to customize the pace of the experience for our Guests based on their occasion, from accommodating time-pressured meals to offering a place to relax and connect with family and friends. We call this the gift of time. Red Robin also has an extraordinary approach to Guest service, and we have cataloged thousands of stories of Red Robin Team Members who live our values. Many examples can be found on our website, www.redrobin.com. Note that our website and the information contained on or connected to our website are not incorporated by reference herein, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. 
 We also strive to provide our Guests with exceptional dining value and the ability to customize their experience. In 2022, we had an average check per Guest of 15.99. Average Guest check increased 10.5 compared to 2021. We believe our price-to-value relationship, featuring our innovative array of quality burgers, served with bottomless fries, differentiates us from our casual dining competitors and allows us to appeal to a broad base of middle income, multi-generational consumers. 
 ESG: Ongoing Commitment to Sustainability 
 Red Robin is a company that cares; we strive to make the world a better place for our Team Members, our community, and our planet. We are beginning to undertake a more formal and robust sustainability journey with meaningful goals and a commitment to align with the industry and are informed by experts including the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (the "SASB"). We will continue to adapt our sustainability approach integrated with our North Star strategic priorities. In 2022, we published our first sustainability report, which is available on our website at ir.redrobin.com. The contents of the sustainability report and our website are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Management 
 We strive to ensure our people, who we refer to as Team Members, live out and benefit from our core values: Integrity, Fun, Unbridled Hospitality, and High Performance. We believe that when we live out these values, we win together! 
 Winning together is our core objective. We nurture this culture by ensuring that our people are front and center, that they have a clear understanding of what is expected, and that people love working for our brand. We strive to provide our people with a great place to work, opportunities for growth, and competitive compensation for their contributions. Our values empower and motivate our Team Members and create a Company culture that we collectively take pride in every day. We also provide 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 our Team Members the opportunity to grow and develop, promote health and safety, and value inclusion, diversity, and engagement. 
 As part of our human capital management strategy, we focus on the following areas: 
 Our Team Members 
 As of December 25, 2022, we had 24,335 Team Members consisting of 23,908 Team Members at Company-owned restaurants and 427 Restaurant Support Center and field-based Team Members. We focus on General Manager tenure in restaurants and its positive link to Guest traffic, overall Guest satisfaction, and Team Member turnover trends. Our General Manager turnover during 2022 was 20.9 , and 72.0 of General Managers have been managing their current restaurant for a year or more. None of our Team Members are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Competitive Compensation and Benefits 
 We support our Team Members by offering market-competitive compensation and benefits for eligible Team Members. Tip eligible Team Members are paid at least the tip credit rate or minimum wage rate as mandated by federal, state, or local government agencies, in addition to receiving customer tips. We aim to ensure tipped positions make more than the federal, state, or local minimum wage when including tips. Our benefit programs include medical, dental, and vision insurance offerings, employee assistance programs, shift meals, Red Robin meal discounts, paid time off, 401(k) with employer match, an employee stock purchase plan, and equity-based awards for eligible Restaurant Support Center and operations Team Members, generally, at the director level and above. 
 Our compensation and performance evaluation systems are designed to compensate our Team Members fairly for their level of experience, team effort, and overall contribution to our business. We leverage our rewards to motivate our Team Members to do what is necessary in our mission to deliver a best-in-class Guest experience. For our field operations leaders we anticipate implementing a new performance-based manager compensation program. Our individual restaurant managers and multi-restaurant operators, are now referred to as "Managing Partners" and "Market Partners," respectively. Under our new 2023 plan we expect each Partner will earn a base salary plus a performance bonus, which represents a percentage of each of their respective restaurant s operating profit. We expect to change our legacy program because we believe that providing each Partner with a significant stake in our business will attract and retain the best talent in the industry. We also believe that this program rewards our Partners for making the right day-to-day decisions to satisfy our Guests and meet our financial objectives. 
 Health and Safety 
 We operate with the health, safety, and well-being of Red Robin's Team Members, Guests, and communities in mind, as well as federal, state and local regulatory requirements. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we took additional measures to protect our Team Members and Guests from infectious disease as well as comply with state and local protocols designed to maintain a healthy work environment. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion ("DE I") 
 At Red Robin, our Guests and Team Members reflect the communities we serve and can always come as they are. We champion a culture of inclusion, diversity of thought, perspective and experience, all vital ingredients of a winning recipe. We have a successful Women's Excellence program, a Company-wide resource group to support and inspire Team Members through development, networking, leadership, and other resources while fueling a culture of opportunity and diversity. In 2022, we established a 10-member Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council to develop a long-term strategy and plan for our Company. This group meets on a monthly basis to assess opportunities for the Company to improve its efforts to create a best-in-class work environment that thrives on inclusion and diversity of thought. This Council meets with our Executive Team and Board of Directors on a periodic basis to provide recommendations and updates on our progress against our evolving DE I objectives. 
 Restaurant Management 
 From 2020 through 2022, our typical restaurant management team consisted of a General Manager, an assistant General Manager, one to two associate managers, and additional shift supervisors depending on restaurant sales volumes. We believe it is critical to operate our restaurants with a full complement of experienced, professional, and salaried restaurant management. Beginning in 2023, we anticipate changing the typical restaurant management team to consist of a Managing Partner, an assistant General Manager, a kitchen manager, and associate managers or shift supervisors as appropriate dependent primarily on restaurant Sales volume. We expect this transition in restaurant management will occur in phases. This transition marks a major change in our operational approach for the future. Expectations for local restaurant leadership will be to own all aspects of the profit and loss of the restaurant. Decision making on a number of P L related activities will now be driven by local leadership with the support of multi-unit field operations leaders when appropriate. In support of this approach the compensation plan for field restaurant leaders will change significantly. A larger portion of the total compensation package for Managing Partners will be in the form of a monthly bonus linked to restaurant-level operating profit. Leaders who are effective 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 at driving higher levels of monthly operating profit will receive higher monetary rewards. This model also supports our intent to improve our level of community focus within the local regions we serve. Managing Partners will have the flexibility and resources to drive localized activities aimed at nurturing relationships within the community to drive Guest traffic. It is our expectation that this approach will help to drive both top and bottom-line results. 
 The management team of each restaurant is responsible for the day-to-day operation of that restaurant, including hiring, training, and coaching of Team Members, as well as operating results. Our typical restaurant employs approximately 57 Team Members, most of whom work part-time on an hourly basis. 
 Learning and Development 
 We strive to maintain quality and consistency in each of our restaurants through the training and development of Team Members and the establishment of, and adherence to, high standards relating to Team Member performance, Guest satisfaction, food and beverage preparation, and the maintenance of our restaurants. Each restaurant maintains a group of certified learning coaches, including a head learning coach, who collectively are tasked with preparing new Team Members for success by providing on-the-job training leading up to a final skills certification for their position. Team Members seeking advancement have the opportunity to join our management development program as a Shift Supervisor. We continue to focus on hiring, training, and retaining our Team Members as we believe this is key to maintaining quality and consistency in each of our restaurants. 
 New restaurant managers participate in our eight-week Management Foundations training program. This program hones each manager's skills, specifically in two areas: flawless shift execution and effective coaching of Team Members. 
 These learning and development practices at the restaurants support our talent pipeline to develop and promote our restaurant management Team Members from within. 
 Team Member Engagement 
 We regularly collect feedback to better understand and improve Team Member experience and identify opportunities to strengthen our culture. We welcome open, candid feedback to ensure Team Members feel heard and engaged and to better support the values important to each of our Team Members. We accomplish this through a variety of programs and forums, including town halls, virtual open forums, and one-on-one coaching, wellness and engagement meetings, and Team Member Voice surveys. In addition to these structured programs and forums, we maintain an open-door policy at all levels of the Company. Our Company remains committed to offering Team Members numerous opportunities to have their voices heard because we believe our Team Members are our most valuable resource. 
 In late 2022, we partnered with an outside vendor to launch a new Team Member engagement survey across our enterprise. Launch is set for mid-2023. We plan to use this information to gather insights from our Team Member population and identify opportunities to better meet their needs. We plan to offer the use of this survey tool multiple times during the year to gain feedback when key events occur, so we can quickly respond to suggestions and concerns when they arise. We believe that such a tool will not only assist us with workforce retention, but also enhance labor productivity over time. 
 Food Safety and Purchasing 
 Our food safety and quality assurance programs help manage our commitment to safe, quality ingredients and responsible food preparation and service. Our Food Safety Management Program is a set of systems designed to protect from risk and control hazards. We provide detailed specifications for our proprietary food ingredients, products, and supplies to our suppliers. We qualify and require outside third party certification audits on an annual basis for all of our food and beverage suppliers, as well as growers. Their certifications must comply with the Global Food Safety Initiative, if applicable. Our restaurant leaders must pass and maintain an accredited manager-level food safety and sanitation certification. Strict food safety protocols, including safe cooking temperature requirements, food handling procedures, cooling procedures, and frequent temperature and quality checks, ensure the safety and quality of the food we serve in our restaurants. In order to provide the freshest ingredients and products and to maximize operating efficiencies between purchase and usage, each restaurant's management team determines the restaurant's daily usage requirements for food ingredients, products, and supplies, and accordingly, orders from approved suppliers, and distributors. The restaurant management team inspects deliveries to ensure that the products received meet our safety and quality specifications. Additionally, we engage an independent auditing company to perform unannounced comprehensive food safety and sanitation assessments at least three times a year in all Company-owned and franchised restaurants. If an assessment identifies any gaps, a documented plan is required for any deficiency noted. This same follow-up requirement is in place for government regulatory inspections. 
 To maximize our purchasing efficiencies and obtain the best possible prices for our high-quality ingredients, products, and supplies, our centralized purchasing team negotiates supply agreements that may include fixed price contracts that can vary in term or formula-based pricing agreements that can fluctuate on changes in raw material commodity pricing. Of our total cost of goods in 2022, ground beef represented approximately 15 , poultry represented approximately 12 , and potatoes represented 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 11 . We monitor the market for the primary commodities we purchase and extend contract positions when applicable in order to minimize the impact of fluctuations in price and availability. However, certain commodities, primarily cheese, bacon and ground beef, have historically been subject to market price fluctuations. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced distribution disruptions, commodity cost inflation, and certain food and supply shortages. To manage this risk in part, we enter into fixed-price purchase commitments for certain commodities; however, it may not be possible for us to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments for certain commodities, or we may choose not to enter into fixed-price contracts for certain commodities. We believe that substantially all of our food and supplies meeting our specifications are available from alternate sources, which we have identified to diversify our supply chain. As of December 25, 2022, approximately 49 of our estimated annual food and beverage purchases were covered by fixed price contracts, most of which are scheduled to expire at various times through the end of 2023. 
 Restaurant Development, Remodels, and Donatos 
 In 2020, Red Robin reestablished a new restaurant development program as part of its long-term growth strategy. With the transition to a new leadership team in 2022, we have deprioritized new restaurant growth as we focus on other business initiatives and uses of capital. 
 In 2022, we resumed our restaurant refresh and remodel program to keep our restaurants relevant and well-maintained. We continue to believe this type of investment presents an opportunity to provide compelling investment returns. We are conducting a thorough review and evaluation of all completed refreshes and remodels to gather learnings and measure consumer response. When complete, we expect this evaluation will inform our go forward design criteria, investment level, and pace of refreshes and remodels. 
 In 2020, we announced our partnership with Donatos , a high-quality pizza brand "nested" inside of Red Robin restaurants. Through this partnership, our restaurants prepare and serve Donatos branded pizzas to our dine-in and off-premises Guests. Pursuant to a licensing arrangement, we pay royalties on sales of Donatos pizza products to Donatos . As of December 25, 2022, we have introduced Donatos pizzas to 245 restaurants. We plan to continue implementation of Donatos to additional restaurants in 2023 and anticipate eventually operating Donatos in substantially all Red Robin restaurants. We invested 6.1 million and 17.1 million in the Donatos expansion in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Comparable restaurant revenue growth in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 at restaurants with Donatos outperformed restaurants without Donatos by 470 basis points. 
 Restaurant Franchise and Licensing Arrangements 
 As of December 25, 2022, our franchisees operated 97 restaurants in 16 states and British Columbia, Canada. Our two largest franchisees own 41 restaurants located in Eastern and Central Pennsylvania, Michigan and Ohio. 
 Franchise Compliance Assurance 
 We actively work with and monitor our franchisees' performance to help them develop and operate their restaurants in compliance with Red Robin's standards, systems, and procedures. During the restaurant development phase, we review the franchisee's site selection and provide the franchisee with our prototype building plans. We provide trainers to assist the franchisee in opening the restaurant for business. We advise the franchisee on all menu items, management training, and equipment and food purchases. We also exchange best operating practices with our franchisees as we strive to improve our operating systems while attaining a high level of franchisee participation. 
 Information Systems and Digital Technology 
 We rely on information systems and digital technology in all aspects of our operations, striving to create seamless Guest experiences and enable Operations to deliver on our Brand commitments. In our restaurants, these technologies are designed to facilitate operational efficiency and support the Guest experience. These technologies include (but are not limited to) labor management systems, sales and forecasting tools, inventory management, and operational execution solutions. These technologies are integrated with our point-of-sale system to provide daily, weekly, and period-to-date reporting that is important for our Operators to run an efficient and high-performing restaurant. We also use technology to interact with our Guests via our digital platforms, including our website, mobile Apps, loyalty platform, online ordering site, table top kiosks, Server handhelds, and Guest feedback systems, which provide actionable insights on the overall Guest experience. 
 We utilize centralized financial, accounting, and human resource management systems to support our Restaurant Support Center and Company-owned restaurants. In addition, we use an Operations scorecard that integrates data from our centralized systems and distributes information to assist in managing the performance of our restaurants. We believe these combined tools are important in analyzing and improving our operations, profit margins, and monitoring other key business metrics. 
 In 2021, we significantly upgraded our digital capabilities implementing the first phase of our digital transformation which included a new and improved ordering site, custom mobile Apps (iOS and Android), and a new integrated Loyalty 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Platform specifically designed to connect with our Guests in a more meaningful and personalized way. Digital enhancements and loyalty improvements continue to be an iterative effort and we expect to continue to implement ongoing enhancements that benefit our Guests and Team Members. In 2023 and 2024, we expect to begin infrastructure modernization efforts to improve performance and stability of current and future technology solutions. 
 We accept electronic payment cards from our Guests for payment in our restaurants. We also receive and maintain certain personal information about our Guests and Team Members. We have systems and processes in place that focus on the protection of our Guests' credit card information and other private information we are required to protect, such as our Team Members' personal information. We have taken several steps to prevent the occurrence of security breaches in this respect. Our systems are carefully designed and configured to protect against data loss or compromise. For example, because of the number of credit card transactions processed in our Company-owned restaurants, Red Robin is required to maintain compliance per the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) for our networks and systems both at our Restaurant Support Center and Company-owned restaurants. Red Robin not only meets the requirements but also maintains a higher-level designation as a Merchant and Service Provider. These PCI compliance standards, set by a consortium of the major credit card companies, require annual assessment to ensure certain levels of system security and procedures are in place to protect our Guests' credit card and other personal information. 
 We also engage security assessors and consultants to review and advise us on our other data security practices with respect to protection of other sensitive personal information that we obtain from Guests and Team Members. 
 Marketing and Advertising 
 We build brand equity and awareness through a marketing mix inclusive of paid, owned and earned media. We leverage social media, SEM, SEO, online reputation and social community management, email, SMS, website and public relations initiatives. These programs are funded primarily through cooperative creative development and national media advertising funds. 
 Beginning in 2023, we expect to reallocate national paid media marketing activities to emphasize Guest engagement through local restaurant marketing in communities in which we operate and improve the dine-in experience. In recent years, we have undertaken significant market research initiatives to gain a deep understanding of our Guests, our brand promise, and what we must do to deliver that promise. We use a Guest satisfaction tool in all restaurants that provides feedback from Guests on their experiences. Restaurant managers use this information to help identify areas of focus to strengthen restaurant performance and track progress. We also continually monitor our performance relative to peers and test potential business drivers among both current and potential Guests. We leverage our over eleven million member Red Robin Royalty TM database to gain insights and track the frequency and purchase behavior of our Guests. 
 Our brand creative and messaging highlights our craveable food, distinctive positioning, dine-in experience and emotional connection with Guests. We will also continue marketing support for our off-premises business which includes carryout, catering, and delivery. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information about our current executive officers: 
 Name Age Position G. J. Hart 65 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Member of the Board of Directors Todd Wilson 45 Chief Financial Officer Sarah Mussetter 44 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Wayne Davis 60 Chief People Officer 
 G.J. Hart. Mr. Hart joined Red Robin as President and Chief Executive Officer in September 2022. Mr. Hart served as a director of the Company since August 2019. Mr. Hart most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of Torchy s Tacos from 2018 until 2021. He was previously the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of California Pizza Kitchen from 2011 to 2018. From 2000 to 2011, Mr. Hart served as President of Texas Roadhouse Holdings, LLC and as Chief Executive Officer and member of the board from 2004 to 2011. Mr. Hart also held leadership positions at Al Copeland Investments, TriFoods International, New Zealand Lamb Company, and Shenandoah Valley Poultry earlier in his career. 
 Todd Wilson. Mr. Wilson joined Red Robin as Chief Financial Officer in November 2022. Mr. Wilson most recently served as Chief Financial Officer at Hopdoddy Burger Bar and Hibar Hospitality from 2018 until 2022. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Finance for Jamba Juice from 2016 until 2018. From 2011 to 2016, Mr. Wilson served as Division CFO and Vice President of Finance at Bloomin Brands. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Sarah Mussetter. Ms. Mussetter joined the Company as Chief Legal Officer and Secretary in December 2022. She previously held the roles of Associate General Counsel and Vice President, Deputy General Counsel for the Company from 2011 to 2021. Prior to joining the Company Ms. Mussetter worked for the law firm of Holme Roberts Owen LLP (now Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP). Most recently, Ms. Mussetter was SVP Deputy General Counsel for Skillsoft Corp., a learning application and technology company based in Denver, from September 2021 to December 2022. 
 Wayne Davis. Mr. Davis joined Red Robin as Chief People Officer in November 2021. Prior to joining the Company he served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources at Comcast/NBC Universal from June 2009 to January 2021, and Vice President of Human Resources at YRC Worldwide from June 2005 to June 2009. 
 Competition 
 The restaurant industry is highly competitive, and our Guests may choose to purchase food at supermarkets or other food retailers. Although, for some occasions, we compete against other segments of the restaurant industry, including quick-service and fast-casual restaurants, our primary competition is with other sit-down, casual dining restaurants within the full service dining segment. In addition, we compete to attract Guests for off-premises dining occasions, including online ordering, delivery, to-go, and catering. The number, size, and strength of competitors vary by region, concept, market, and even restaurant. We compete on the basis of taste, quality, price of food and related Guest value, Guest service, ambiance, location, and overall dining experience. 
 We believe our Guest demographics, strong brand recognition, Gourmet Burger concept, family friendly atmosphere, attractive price-value relationship, and the quality of our food and service enable us to differentiate ourselves from our casual dining competitors. We believe we compete favorably with respect to each of these factors. Our competitors include well-established national chains which have more substantial marketing resources. We also compete with many other restaurant and retail establishments for Team Members. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Sales in most of our restaurants are typically higher during the summer months and winter holiday season due to factors including our retail-oriented locations and family appeal. As a result, our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of seasonality. Accordingly, results for any one quarter or year are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year, and comparable restaurant sales for any particular future period may vary. 
 Trademarks 
 We have a number of registered trademarks and service marks, including the Red Robin , Red Robin Gourmet Burgers , "YUMMM ", Red Robin Gourmet Burgers + Brews , and Red Robin Royalty and logos. We have registered these marks, among others, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and we have registered various trademarks in certain other international jurisdictions. Pursuant to our licensing arrangement with Donatos , we license the right to use the Donatos trademark. 
 In order to better protect our brand, we have also registered the Internet domain name www.redrobin.com . We believe our trademarks, service marks, and other intellectual property rights have significant value and are important to our brand building efforts and the marketing of our restaurant concept. 
 Government Regulation 
 Over the last few years, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state, and local governments have issued and revised a significant amount of regulations affecting our business, with requirements often changing without much advance notice. Regulations relating to the vaccination and COVID-19 testing of Guests and Team Members, Guest spacing within dining rooms and other social distancing practices, sanitation practices, isolation and quarantine periods for Team Members, paid sick leave, and mask mandates for Guests and Team Members materially affected the way we operate our business and serve our Guests. 
 We are also subject to laws and regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, including regulations regarding product safety, nutritional content, and menu labeling. Our collection or use of personal information about Guests or our Team Members is regulated at the federal and state levels, including the California Consumer Privacy Act. 
 Our restaurants are subject to various licensing requirements and other regulations by state, and local health, safety, fire, and other authorities, including licensing requirements, regulations for the sale of alcoholic beverages and food, and public health related indoor capacity restrictions. To date, we have been able to obtain and maintain all necessary licenses, permits, and approvals. The development and construction of new restaurants is also subject to compliance with applicable zoning, land use, and environmental regulations. We are also subject to certain guidelines under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 and various state codes and regulations, which require restaurants and our brand to provide full and equal access to persons with physical disabilities. 
 We are also subject to federal regulation and state laws that regulate the offer and sale of franchises and substantive aspects of the franchisor-franchisee relationship. Various federal and state labor laws govern our relationship with our Team Members and can significantly impact our operating costs. These laws govern minimum wage requirements, overtime pay, tip credits, paid leave, meal and rest breaks, unemployment tax rates, health care and other benefits, workers' compensation rates, citizenship or residency requirements, child labor regulations, and discriminatory conduct. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain a link to investor relations information on our website, ir.redrobin.com , where we make available, free of charge, our Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Our website and the information contained on or connected to our website are not incorporated by reference herein, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain information and statements contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "PSLRA") codified at Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements which are other than statements of historical facts. These statements may be identified, without limitation, by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "future," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "will," "would," and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things: (i) our business objectives and strategic plans, including projected or anticipated growth, including in Guest traffic and revenue, planned improvements in operational efficiencies, gross margins, and expense management and enhancements to our restaurant environments and Guest engagement, including the anticipated impacts of innovations, improvements and enhanced marketing support for certain aspects of our business; (ii) our expectations about pricing strategy and average check size; (iii) our expectations of the competitiveness of the labor market and our ability to hire, train, and retain Team Members, including the success of our Managing Partner and Market Partner program and Team Member engagement efforts; (iv) anticipated capital investments and the results of such investments including in our restaurant refresh and remodel program and our digital ecosystem, information technology systems, our restaurant development program, and the anticipated related benefits; (v) our expectations about restaurant operating costs, including commodity and food prices and labor and energy costs; (vi) anticipated legislation and other regulation of our business; (vii) anticipated continued investments in our partnership with Donatos (viii) our expectations about anticipated uses of, and risks associated with future cash flows, liquidity, future capital expenditures and other capital deployment opportunities, and taxes; (ix) our expectations regarding competition; and (x) our expectations regarding demand and business recovery, consumer preferences, and consumer discretionary spending; (xi) our expectations regarding the implementation and anticipated benefits of our ESG, diversity, equity and inclusion and other initiatives; (xii) our ability to successfully implement our food safety programs, (xii) our ability to successfully implement our health and safety initiatives; (xiii) anticipated impacts of COVID-19; (xiv) the seasonality of our business; (xv) our ability to successfully implement, and our expectations regarding, our North Star five-point plan to enhance the Company s competitive positioning; (xvi) our expectations and other statements regarding interest rates, commodity prices and other factors; (xvii) the expected impacts of government regulations on our operations and financial condition, and changes in such regulation; (xviii) the implementation of our restaurant management transition program, including anticipated benefits to our Guest traffic, community focus and results of operations; and (xviv) the other risks discussed under Risk Factors below. 
 Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such expectations may prove to be materially incorrect due to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. 
 In some cases, information regarding certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from a forward-looking statement appears together with such statement. In addition, the factors described under Risk Factors, as well as other possible factors not listed, could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the following: 
 the effectiveness of the Company's strategic initiatives, including our North Star plan, labor models, service, and operational improvement initiatives; 
 general economic conditions, including changes in consumer disposable income, weather conditions, and related events in regions where our restaurants are operated; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 the impact of COVID-19 on our results of operations, supply chain, and liquidity; 
 the effectiveness of the Company s programs and policies, including with respect to food safety and Team Member health and safety; 
 our ability to staff, train, and retain our workforce for service execution; 
 the effectiveness of the Company's marketing strategies and promotions; 
 menu changes, including the anticipated sales growth, costs, and timing of the Donatos expansion; 
 the implementation, rollout, and timing of initiatives, improvements and technology solutions in our restaurants and at our Restaurant Support Center, in addition to digital platforms that are accessed by our Guests; 
 the implementation of and realization of benefits from our restaurant management transition program; 
 our ability to achieve revenue and cost savings from off-premises sales and other initiatives; 
 competition in the casual dining market and discounting by competitors; 
 changes in consumer spending trends and habits; 
 changes in the cost and availability of key food products, distribution, labor, and energy; 
 the adequacy of cash flows and the cost and availability of capital or Credit Facility borrowings and our potential sale-leaseback transactions; 
 the impact of federal, state, and local regulation of the Company's business; 
 changes in federal, state, or local laws and regulations affecting the operation of our restaurants, including minimum wages, consumer health and safety, health insurance coverage, nutritional disclosures, and employment eligibility-related documentation requirements; and 
 costs and other effects of legal claims by Team Members, franchisees, customers, vendors, stockholders, and others, including negative publicity regarding food safety or cyber security. 
 All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The trading price or value of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. When making an investment decision with respect to our common stock, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our business strategy may not be successful or achieve the desired results, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 Our "North Star" business strategy developed under new leadership is designed to drive long-term shareholder value and enhance Red Robin's competitive positioning. Our strategy focuses on transforming to an operations focused restaurant company, elevating the Guest experience, removing costs and complexity, optimizing Guest engagement, and driving growth in comparable restaurant revenue and unit level profitability, and delivering financial commitments. 
 These strategies and related initiatives, including changes to our restaurant management structures, may not result in sustained higher sales. Changes to our operations structure and compensation, service model, Guest experience and cooking platform, supply chain and vendors, and Guest engagement may not achieve the business growth and results we expect, which may negatively affect Guest satisfaction, Guest traffic, sales, or profits. Our business and desired results depend upon our ability to continue to grow and evolve through various important strategic initiatives. There can be no assurance we will be able to develop or implement these or other important strategic initiatives, or that we have, or will have, sufficient resources to fully and successfully implement, sustain results from, or achieve additional expected benefits from them, which could in turn adversely affect our business. 
 The global and domestic economic environment may negatively affect frequency of Guest visits and average ticket spend at our restaurants, which would negatively affect our revenues and our results of operations. 
 The global and domestic economic environment affects the restaurant industry and may negatively affect us directly and indirectly through our customers, distributors, and suppliers. These conditions include unemployment, weakness and lack of consistent improvement in the housing markets, downtrend or delays in residential or commercial real estate development, volatility in the U.S. stock market and in other financial markets, inflationary pressures, wage rates, tariffs and other trade barriers, reduced access to credit or other economic factors that may affect consumer confidence. As a result, our Guests may be apprehensive about the economy and maintain or further reduce their level of discretionary spending, especially in a potential recessionary environment. This could affect the frequency with which our Guests choose to dine-out or the amount they spend on meals, thereby decreasing our revenues and potentially negatively affecting our operating results. Also, our Guests may choose to purchase food at supermarkets or other food retailers. We believe there is a risk that prolonged uncertain economic conditions might cause consumers to make long-lasting changes to their discretionary spending behavior, including dining out less frequently or at lower priced restaurants on a more permanent basis, which would have a negative effect on our profitability as we spread fixed costs across a lower level of sales. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted and may further disrupt our business, which has and could further materially adversely affect our operations, business, and financial results. Any future epidemic, disease outbreak, or public health emergency may result in similar adverse effects . 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a material adverse effect on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to negatively impact our ability to operate our restaurants, sales and traffic at our restaurants, restaurant staffing, availability of supplies, and commodity costs. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and other epidemics, disease outbreaks, or public health emergencies will impact our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations depends on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the duration and scope of the public health emergency; the negative impact on the economy; the short and longer-term impacts on the demand for restaurant services and levels of consumer confidence; our ability to successfully navigate the impacts; government action, including restrictions on restaurant operations; and increased unemployment and reductions in consumer discretionary spending. Even if a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We cannot guarantee that changes to our operational policies and training will be effective to keep our Team Members and Guests safe from COVID-19 or future public health emergency. Any publicity relating to health concerns or the perceived or specific outbreaks of COVID-19 or other public health emergency attributed to one or more of our restaurants, or restaurants generally, could result in a significant decrease in Guest traffic in all of our restaurants and could have a material adverse effect 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 on our results of operations. Changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or future public health emergencies and any additional changes may materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly if these changes are in place for a prolonged amount of time. 
 If a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work or we are unable to properly staff our restaurants in connection with COVID-19, our operations may be negatively impacted. Work-from-home and other measures have introduced and may continue to introduce additional operational risks, including cybersecurity risks, and have affected the way we conduct our business, which could have an adverse effect on our operations. There is no certainty that measures taken will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and illness and workforce disruptions could lead to unavailability of key personnel and harm our ability to perform critical functions. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic as well as other public health emergencies may also materially adversely affect our ability to implement our strategic growth plans, including delays in the rollout of Donatos pizza to additional restaurant locations, the implementation of technology platforms and technology solutions, restaurant remodels, and development of new restaurants in future years. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we faced shortages of food items and other supplies at our restaurants, and we could face similar supply shortages in a future health emergency. A shortage of supplies could adversely impact our restaurant sales and operations. In addition, certain of our Company-owned restaurants have remained permanently closed or may ultimately close, directly or indirectly, due to COVID-19. 
 The effects of the pandemic on our business could continue to have adverse effects on our business, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows, and financial condition, some of which may be significant and adversely impact our access to capital or to borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and, as a result, our ability to operate our business on the same terms as we conducted business prior to the pandemic, complete our planned capital expenditures, and execute our strategic plan. 
 Our success depends on our ability to effectively compete in the restaurant industry to attract and retain Guests. 
 Competition in the restaurant industry is intense and barriers to entry are low. Our competitors include a large and diverse group of restaurants in all segments ranging from quick serve and fast casual to polished casual and those verging on fine dining. These competitors range from independent local operators that have opened restaurants in various markets, high growth targeted "better" burger concepts in the quick serve and fast casual space, to the well-capitalized national restaurant companies. Many of these concepts have already captured segments of the market that we are targeting, and are expanding faster than we are, penetrating both desirable geographic and demographic markets. Many of our competitors are well established in the casual dining market segment and in certain geographic locations and some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, and other resources than we have available. Accordingly, they may be better equipped than us to increase marketing or to take other measures to maintain their competitive position, including the use of significant discount offers to attract Guests. We also compete with other restaurants and retail establishments for prime real estate locations. 
 We have experienced and continue to experience the impacts of labor shortages and significant labor cost inflation, which have and may continue to negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to provide the experience our Guests expect and desire depends on our ability to continue attracting and retaining a sufficient number of qualified management and operating Team Members, especially our restaurant-level leadership in our new Market Partner and Managing Partner system. Labor shortages in our industry and in the broader economy have disrupted, and may further disrupt, our ability to maintain adequate staffing levels at our restaurants. Increasing competition in the market for Team Members may increase our labor costs, including by requiring us to take additional measures to ensure that our compensation and benefits for Team Members remain competitive within the restaurant industry and with other industries that compete with us for workers, which could materially increase our expenses. During the last couple years, we took, and we may continue to take, certain measures to limit the impact of staffing shortages on the Guest experience. These measures included limiting operating hours and dine-in services at some of our restaurants. If labor shortages continue or worsen, we may be required to take similar or additional measures at a larger number of our restaurants. We have also recently announced changes to our restaurant management structures. If we are not successful in implementing these measures, or if these measures are insufficient to mitigate the impacts of any labor shortages, our Guest experience may be negatively impacted, leading to a decline in traffic and sales, which may impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, many of our vendor partners continue to experience challenges in hiring and retention, which together with global supply chain disruptions have contributed to intermittent product and distribution shortages. We may be unable to mitigate the impacts of such disruptions by locating vendors who can provide us with supplies that meet our timing, quality, and cost requirements and expectations, or at all, particularly in the event of widespread supply chain disruptions. Sustained supply shortages have and could continue to adversely affect our revenue and our costs. 
 We believe it is becoming increasing likely that the United States federal government will seek to significantly increase the federal minimum wage and tip credit wage (or eliminate the tip credit altogether) and require significantly more mandated benefits than what is currently required under federal law. Should this happen, other state and local jurisdictions that have 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 historically mandated higher wages and greater benefits than what is required under federal law may seek to further increase wages and mandated benefits. In addition to increasing the overall wages paid to our minimum wage and tip credit wage earners, these increases create pressure to increase wages and other benefits paid to other Team Members who, in recognition of their tenure, performance, job responsibilities, and other similar considerations, historically received a rate of pay exceeding the applicable minimum wage or minimum tip credit wage. Because we employ a large workforce, any wage increase or expansion of benefits mandates will have a particularly significant impact on our labor costs. Our vendors are similarly impacted by wage and benefit cost inflation, and many have or will increase their price for goods, construction, and services in order to offset their increasing labor costs. 
 While we try to offset labor cost increases through price increases, more efficient purchasing practices, productivity improvements, greater economies of scale and by offering a variety of health plans to our Team Members, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful. If we are unable to anticipate and offset increased labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. 
 Decreased cash flow from operations, or an inability to access credit or successfully execute our potential sale-leaseback transactions could negatively affect our business initiatives or may result in our inability to execute our revenue, expense, and capital deployment strategies. 
 Our ability to fund our operating plans and to implement our capital deployment strategies depends on sufficient cash flow from operations or other financing, including using funding under our revolving Credit Facility and from potential sale-leaseback transactions. Our capital deployment strategies include but are not limited to paying down debt, maintaining existing restaurants and infrastructure, and executing on our long-term transformation strategy. If we experience decreased cash flow from operations, our ability to fund our operations and planned initiatives, and to take advantage of growth opportunities, may be delayed or negatively affected. In addition, these disruptions and any resulting negative effect on our net income, cash flows, or other relevant financial performance metrics under our revolving Credit Facility could affect our ability to borrow or comply with our covenants under that facility. While our share repurchase program is currently suspended, when resumed, any repurchase by us of our shares of common stock will further reduce cash available for operations and future growth, as well as debt repayment. 
 A privacy or security breach involving our information technology systems, or the failure of our data security measures could interrupt our business, damage our reputation, and negatively affect our operations and profits. 
 The protection of Guest, Team Member, and Company data is critical to us. We are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments, consumer credit, and fraud. Additionally, an increasing number of government and industry groups have established laws and standards for the protection of personal and health information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and other similar legislative initiatives. Compliance with these requirements may result in cost increases due to necessary system changes and the development of new administrative processes, and if we fail to comply with the laws and regulations regarding privacy and security, we could be exposed to risks of fines, investigations, litigation and disruption of our operations. 
 Moreover, we accept electronic payment cards from our Guests for payment in our restaurants. In the ordinary course of our business, we receive and maintain certain personal information from our Guests, Team Members, and vendors, and we process Guest payments using payment information. Customers and employees have a high expectation we will adequately protect their personal information. Third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of this customer information, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. A number of restaurant operators and retailers have experienced security breaches in which credit and debit card information may have been stolen. Although we employ security technologies and practices and have taken other steps to try to prevent a breach, we may nevertheless not have the resources or technical sophistication to prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. If we have experienced, or in the future experience, a security breach, we could become subject to claims, lawsuits, or other proceedings for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the theft of credit or debit card information, compromised security and information systems, failure of our employees to comply with applicable laws, the unauthorized acquisition or use of such information by third parties, or other similar claims. Any such incidents or proceedings could disrupt the operation of our restaurants, adversely affect our reputation, Guest confidence, and our results of operations, or result in the imposition of penalties or cause us to incur significant unplanned losses and expenditures, including those necessary to remediate any damage to persons whose personal information may have been compromised. Although we have established a number of procedures designed to increase transparency and address our Guests' concerns regarding data breaches (whether actual or perceived), this policy may not be effective in addressing those concerns, which may in turn adversely affect our reputation and Guest confidence. We maintain a separate insurance policy covering cyber security risks and such insurance coverage may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, but is subject to a retention amount and may not be applicable to a particular incident or otherwise may be insufficient to cover all our losses beyond any retention. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Further, in light of recent court rulings and amendments to policy forms, there is uncertainty as to whether traditional commercial general liability policies will be construed to cover the expenses related to a cyber-attack and breaches if credit and debit card information is stolen. 
 Because of the number of credit card transactions we process, we are required to maintain the highest level of PCI Data Security Standard compliance at our Restaurant Support Center and Company-owned restaurants. As part of an overall security program and to meet PCI standards, we undergo regular external vulnerability scans and we are reviewed by a third party assessor. As PCI standards change, we may be required to implement additional security measures. If we do not maintain the required level of PCI compliance, we could be subject to costly fines or additional fees from the card brands that we accept or lose our ability to accept those payment cards. Our franchisees are separate businesses that have different levels of compliance required depending on the number of credit card transactions processed. If our franchisees fail to maintain the appropriate level of PCI compliance or they experience a security breach, it could negatively impact their business operations, and we could face a loss of or reduction in royalties or other payments they are required to remit to us and it could adversely affect our reputation and Guest confidence. 
 If there is a material failure in our information technology systems, our business operations and profits could be negatively affected, and our systems may be inadequate to support our future growth strategies. 
 We rely heavily on information technology systems in all aspects of our operations including our restaurant point-of sale systems, financial systems, marketing programs, employee engagement, supply chain management, cyber-security, and various other processes and transactions. This reliance has grown since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic as we have had to rely to a greater extent on systems such as online ordering, contactless payments, online reservations, systems supporting a remote workforce. Our ability to effectively manage and run our business depends on the reliability and capacity of our information technology systems, including technology services and systems for which we contract from third parties. These systems and services may be insufficient to effectively manage and run our business. These systems and our business needs will continue to evolve and require upgrading and maintenance over time, consequently requiring significant future commitments of resources and capital. 
 We cannot provide assurance, however, that the measures we take to secure and enhance these systems will be sufficient to protect our information technology systems and prevent cyber-attacks, system failures or data or information loss. Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. In addition to traditional computer hackers, threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states and nation-state supported actors now engage in attacks. We may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social engineering, such as phishing, malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions and large-scale, complex automated attacks that can evade detection for long periods of time. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. 
 Any breach of our or our service providers' networks, or other vendor systems, may result in the loss of confidential business and financial data, misappropriation of our consumers', users' or employees' personal information or a disruption of our business. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including unwanted media attention, impairment of our consumer and customer relationships, damage to our reputation, resulting in lost sales and consumers, fines, lawsuits, government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections) or significant legal and remediation expenses. We also may need to expend significant resources to protect against, respond to and/or redress problems caused by any breach. Additionally, if third parties on which we rely experience cybersecurity incidents, we may not become aware of such incidents in a timely manner, which may impact our ability to mitigate their impacts, which may exacerbate the risks described above. 
 In addition, the increased use of employee-owned devices for communications as well as work-from-home arrangements, such as those initially implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, present additional operational risks to our information technology systems, including, but not limited to, increased risks of cyber-attacks. Our software or information technology systems, or that of third parties upon who we rely to operate our business, may have material vulnerabilities and, despite our efforts to identify and remediate these vulnerabilities, our efforts may not be successful or we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. It may be expensive and time-consuming to remediate material vulnerabilities, and our operations, reputation, sales and financial performance may be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully and promptly remediate such vulnerabilities. Further, like other companies in the restaurant industry, we have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks, including phishing attacks, and other attempts to breach or gain unauthorized access to, our systems. For 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 example, in 2021, a remote code execution vulnerability in Apache log4j was identified as affecting large amounts of systems worldwide, and one of our third party software service providers was impacted and suffered a ransomware attack as a result. We completed investigation of this incident and concluded that they resulted in no material adverse impact to us. However, despite the precautions we take to mitigate the risks of such events, an attack on our enterprise information technology system, or those of third parties with which we do business, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of our proprietary or confidential information or a breach of confidential customer, supplier or employee information. Such events could impair our ability to conduct our operations or cause disruptions to our supply chain, which could have an adverse impact on revenue and harm our reputation. Additionally, such an event could expose us to regulatory sanctions or penalties, lawsuits or other legal action or cause us to incur legal liabilities and costs, which could be significant, in order to address and remediate the effects of an attack and related security concerns. The insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity attack. 
 We also use information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. If these systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans, or those of our vendors, do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, which could result in lost revenues and profits, as well as reputational damage. Furthermore, we depend on information technology systems and personal information collection for digital marketing, digital commerce, consumer engagement and the marketing and use of our digital products and services. We also rely on our ability to engage in electronic communications throughout the world between and among our employees as well as with other third parties, including customers, suppliers, vendors, and consumers. Any interruption in information technology systems may impede our ability to engage in digital commerce and result in lost revenues, damage to our reputation, and loss of users. 
 Moreover, these technology services and systems, communication systems, and electronic data could be subject or vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, loss of data, data breaches, or other attempts to harm our systems. A failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or any other failure to maintain a continuous and secure information technology network for any of the above reasons could result in interruption and delays in Guest services, adversely affect our reputation, and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Our marketing and branding strategies to attract, engage, and retain our Guests may not be successful, which could negatively affect our business. 
 We continue to evolve our marketing and branding strategies in order to appeal to customers and compete effectively to attract, engage, and retain customers. Our unique loyalty program, Red Robin Royalty , has experienced some success in enrollment and driving sales and Guest counts by providing loyal Guests with various incentives and rewards. We intend to continue to provide a family friendly atmosphere and shifted our marketing focus to reinforce moments of connection and brand equities instead of price to drive Guest engagement, traffic, and sales. Going forward, we plan to focus more on engaging with and supporting the local communities in which we operate. We do not have any assurance our marketing strategies will be successful. If our advertising, branding, and other marketing programs and methods are not successful, we may not generate the level of restaurant sales or Guest traffic we expect, and the expense associated with these programs may negatively affect our financial results. Moreover, many of our competitors have larger marketing resources and more extensive national marketing strategies and media usage and we may not be able to successfully compete against those established programs. 
 If we are unable to effectively use and monitor social media, our marketing efforts as well as our reputation could be harmed, which could negatively impact our restaurant sales and financial performance. 
 As part of our marketing efforts, we rely on an omni-channel creative strategy including increased social and digital engagement platforms, including Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter to attract and retain Guests. As a result, we need to continuously innovate and develop our social media strategies in order to maintain broad appeal. Many of our competitors are expanding their use of social media and new social media platforms are rapidly being developed, potentially making more traditional social media platforms obsolete and making it challenging for us to differentiate our social media messaging. As a result, we need to continuously innovate and develop our social media strategies in order to maintain broad appeal. 
 Social media can be challenging because it provides consumers, employees, and others with the ability to communicate approval or displeasure with a business, in near real time, and provides any individual with the ability to reach a broad audience and with comments that are often not filtered or checked for accuracy. If we are unable to quickly and effectively respond, any negative publicity could "go viral" causing nearly immediate and potentially significant harm to our brand and reputation, whether or not factually accurate. In addition, social media can facilitate the improper disclosure of proprietary information, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, or out-of-date information. 
 As a result, if we do not appropriately manage our social media strategies, our marketing efforts in this area may not be successful and any failure (or perceived failure) to effectively respond to negative or potentially damaging social media chatter, 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 whether accurate or not, could damage our reputation, negatively impacting our restaurant sales and financial performance. The inappropriate use of social media vehicles by our Guests or Team Members could increase our costs, lead to litigation, or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation. 
 Changes in consumer preferences could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 The restaurant industry is characterized by the continual introduction of new concepts and is subject to rapidly changing consumer preferences, tastes, and eating and purchasing habits. Our restaurants compete on the basis of a varied menu and feature burgers, salads, soups, appetizers, other entrees, desserts, and our signature alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, and we are in the process of rolling out Donatos pizza to our restaurants. Our continued success depends, in part, upon the continued popularity of these foods and this style of dining. Shifts in consumer preferences away from this cuisine or dining style could have a material adverse effect on our future profitability. In addition, competitors' use of significant advertising and food discounting could influence our Guests' dining choices. There is no assurance that the addition of Donatos pizza to our menu will not negatively impact our brand or cannibalize sales of core menu items. 
 Further, changing health or dietary preferences may cause consumers to avoid our products in favor of alternative foods. The food service industry as a whole rests on consumer preferences and demographic trends at the local, regional, and national levels, and the effect on consumer eating habits of new information regarding diet, nutrition, and health. New laws requiring additional nutritional information to be disclosed on our menus, changes in nutritional guidelines issued by the federal government agencies, issuance of similar guidelines or statistical information by other federal, state or local municipalities, or academic studies, among other things, may affect consumer choice and cause consumers to significantly alter their dining choices in ways that adversely affect our sales and profitability. 
 We are subject to all of the risks associated with leasing space subject to long-term non-cancelable leases, and risks related to renewal. 
 As of December 25, 2022, 378 of our 414 Company-owned restaurants are located on leased premises. We have in the past and may in the future engage in sale-lease back transactions, which have and may in the future increase the number of our leased properties. Payments under our operating leases account for a significant portion of our operating expenses. Additional sites that we lease are likely to be subject to similar long-term non-cancelable leases. In connection with closing restaurants, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. 
 In addition, as each of our leases expires, there can be no assurance we will be able to renew our expiring leases after the expiration of all remaining renewal options, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all. As a result, we may incur additional costs to operate our restaurants, including increased rent and other costs related to the negotiation of terms of occupancy of an existing leased premise. If we are unable to renew a lease or determine not to renew a lease, there may be costs related to the relocation and development of a replacement restaurant or, if we are unable to relocate, reduced revenue. 
 Changes in consumer buying patterns, particularly due to declines in traffic near our leased locations, and increases in online sales, may affect our revenues, operating results, and liquidity. 
 The success of our restaurants depends in large part on leased locations. Our restaurants are primarily located near high density retail areas such as regional malls, lifestyle centers, big box shopping centers, and entertainment centers. We depend on a high volume of visitors at these centers to attract Guests to our restaurants. As demographic and economic patterns change, current locations may or may not continue to be attractive or profitable. Online sales continue to increase and negatively impact consumer traffic at traditional "brick and mortar" retail sites located in regional malls, lifestyle centers, big box shopping centers and entertainment centers. A decline in development or closures of businesses in these settings or a decline in visitors to retail areas near our restaurants could negatively affect our restaurant sales. In addition, desirable locations for the relocation of existing restaurants may not be available at an acceptable cost, due in part to the inability to easily terminate a long-term lease. 
 In the last several years, off-premises sales, specifically delivery, have increased due to consumer demand for convenience. While we plan to continue to invest in the growth of our online, to-go, catering, and delivery services to drive off-premises sales, there can be no guarantee we will be able to continue to increase our off-premises sales. Off-premises sales could also cannibalize dine-in sales, or our systems and procedures may not be sufficient to handle off-premises sales, which may require additional investments in technology or people. Additionally, a large percentage of delivery from our restaurants is through third party delivery companies. These third party delivery companies require us to pay them a commission, which lowers our profit margin on those sales. Any bad press, whether true or not, regarding third party delivery companies or their business model may negatively impact our sales. While we have introduced an alternative to third party delivery by offering an online Company platform to collect orders and outsource the "last mile" of delivery, we may not be able to convert Guests to our platform and that model remains subject to some of the same risks. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations are susceptible to the changes in cost and availability of commodities which could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity costs. Various factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, governmental regulation and monetary policy, potential imposition of tariffs on imports from other countries, product availability, recalls of food products, and seasonality, as well as the effects of the current macroeconomic environment on our suppliers, may affect our commodity costs or cause a disruption in our supply chain. In an effort to mitigate some of this risk, we enter into fixed price agreements on some of our food and beverage products, including certain proteins, produce and cooking oil. As of the end of 2022, approximately 49 of our estimated 2023 annual food and beverage purchases were covered by fixed price contracts, most of which are scheduled to expire at various times through 2023. Changes in the price or availability of commodities for which we do not have fixed price contracts could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Expiring contracts with our food suppliers could also result in unfavorable renewal terms and therefore increase costs associated with these suppliers or may necessitate negotiations with alternate suppliers. Although the majority of our commodities are sourced domestically, changes in trade policy and tariffs could negatively impact our commodity costs. We may be unable to obtain favorable contract terms with suppliers or adjust our purchasing practices and menu prices to respond to changing food costs, and a failure to do so could negatively affect our operating results. 
 We may experience interruptions in the delivery of food and other products from third parties. 
 Our restaurants depend on frequent deliveries of fresh produce, food, beverage, and other products. This subjects us to the risk of interruptions in food and beverage supplies that may result from a variety of causes including, but not limited to, outbreaks of food-borne illness, disruption of operation of production facilities, financial difficulties, including bankruptcy of our suppliers or other unforeseen circumstances, especially where a product comes from a single or small number of suppliers. Such shortages could adversely affect our revenue and profits. Our restaurants bear risks associated with the timeliness of deliveries by suppliers and distributors as well as the solvency, reputation, labor relationships, freight rates, and health and safety standards of each supplier and distributor. We strive to have multiple approved suppliers on key items; however, the Company is undertaking initiatives to consolidate suppliers and there are situations where we only have one approved supplier, which increases the risk to our supply chain if something were to happen to interrupt the supplier's ability to continue supplying the Company. Other significant risks associated with our suppliers and distributors include improper handling of food and beverage products, and/or the adulteration or contamination of such food and beverage products. 
 Price increases may negatively affect Guest visits. 
 From time to time, we increase prices, primarily to offset increased costs and operating expenses. We cannot provide assurance that any future price increases will not deter Guests from visiting our restaurants, reduce the frequency of their visits, or affect their purchasing decisions. 
 New or improved technologies or changes in consumer behavior facilitated by these technologies could negatively affect our business. 
 Advances in technologies or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by such technologies could have a negative effect on our business. Technology and consumer offerings continue to develop, and we expect new or enhanced technologies and consumer offerings will be available in the future. We may pursue certain of those technologies and consumer offerings if we believe they offer a sustainable Guest proposition and can be successfully integrated into our business model. However, we cannot predict consumer acceptance of these delivery channels or their impact on our business. In addition, our competitors, some of whom have greater resources than us, may be able to benefit from changes in technologies or consumer acceptance of such changes, which could harm our competitive position. There can be no assurance we will be able to successfully respond to changing consumer preferences, including with respect to new technologies or to effectively adjust our product mix, service offerings, and marketing initiatives for products and services that address, and anticipate advances in, technology, and market trends. Additionally, from time to time, we implement new or different technologies in our restaurants, including our recent decision to introduce flat top cooking methods into our restaurants. These initiatives have involved and may in the future involve significant capital expenditures, and may involve unexpected expenditures for training, maintenance or otherwise, and may ultimately not produce the results we anticipate. If we are not able to successfully respond to these challenges, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be harmed. 
 Expanding our restaurant base is a component of our long-term growth and our ability to open and profitably operate new restaurants is subject to factors beyond our control. 
 The expansion of our restaurant base depends in large part on our ability and the ability of our franchisees to timely and efficiently open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants on a profitable basis. Delays or failures in opening new restaurants, or the inability to profitably operate them once opened, could materially and adversely affect our planned growth. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The success of our expansion strategy and the success of new restaurants depends upon numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 
 changes to or volatility in the macroeconomic environment nationally and regionally, which could affect restaurant-level performance and influence our decisions on the rate of expansion, timing, and the number of restaurants to be opened; 
 competition in our markets and general economic conditions that may affect consumer spending or choice; 
 our ability to locate, hire, train, and retain qualified operating Team Members to staff our new restaurants, especially our Managing Partners and Market Partners; 
 identification of and ability to secure an adequate supply of available and suitable restaurant sites; 
 timely adherence to development schedules; 
 cost and availability of capital to fund restaurant expansion and operation; 
 negotiation of favorable lease and construction terms; 
 the availability and cost of construction materials and labor; 
 our ability to manage construction and development costs of new restaurants; 
 unforeseen environmental problems with new locations; 
 securing required governmental approvals and permits, including liquor licenses, in a timely manner or at all; 
 our ability to attract and retain Guests; 
 weather, natural disasters, and other calamities; and 
 our ability to operate at acceptable profit margins. 
 We are subject to the risks presented by acquisitions or refranchising. 
 As part of our expansion efforts, we have acquired some of our franchised restaurants in the past. In the future, we may, from time to time, consider opportunistic acquisitions or dispositions of restaurants. We may in the future pursue refranchising with quality operators in certain identified markets. Any future acquisitions or dispositions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions. These risks include among other things: 
 the difficulty of integrating operations and Team Members; 
 the potential disruption to our ongoing business; 
 the potential distraction of management; 
 the effect on selling, general, and administrative expenses and earnings; 
 the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures, and policies; and 
 the impairment of relationships with Team Members and Guests as a result of changes in ownership and management. 
 New or less mature restaurants, once opened, may vary in profitability and levels of operating revenue for six months or more. 
 New and less mature restaurants typically experience higher operating costs in both dollars and percentage of revenue initially when compared to restaurants in the comparable restaurant base. There is no assurance new restaurants in the future will continue to experience success. It takes approximately six months or more for new restaurants to reach normalized operating levels due to inefficiencies and other factors typically associated with new restaurants. These factors include operating costs, which are often significantly greater during the first several months of operation, and fluctuating Guest counts at new locations, as well as competition from our competitors or our own restaurants, consumer acceptance of our restaurants in new markets and lack of market awareness of our brand in a new market. Further, there is no assurance our less mature restaurants will attain operating results similar to those of our existing restaurants. 
 The large number of Company-owned restaurants concentrated in the Western United States makes us susceptible to changes in economic and other trends in that region. 
 As of December 25, 2022, a total of 166 or 40 of our 414 Company-owned restaurants, representing 49 of restaurant revenues, were located in the Western United States (i.e., Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, Oregon, Idaho, New Mexico, Utah, and Washington state). As a result of our geographic concentration, negative publicity regarding any of our restaurants in the Western United States, as well as regional differences in the legal, regulatory, and litigation environment, could have a 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 material adverse effect on our business and operations, as could other regional occurrences such as local strikes, energy shortages, or increases in energy prices, droughts, earthquakes, fires, or other natural disasters. 
 We rely on our senior executive team for the development and execution of our business strategy and the loss of any member of our senior executive team could negatively affect our operating results. 
 We recently implemented significant changes in our senior executive management team to support the Company s new North Star five-point plan. Key members of our senior executive management team are central to our success and difficult to replace. We may be unable to retain them or attract other highly qualified senior executives, particularly if we do not offer competitive employment terms. The loss of the services of any of our key senior executives or the failure to implement an appropriate succession plan could prevent us from achieving our business strategy and initiatives, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Changes in our management team can also disrupt our business. The failure to successfully transition and assimilate key employees could adversely affect our results of operations. To the extent we do not effectively hire, onboard, retain, and motivate key employees, our business can be harmed. 
 If we are unable to successfully recruit and retain qualified restaurant management and operations Team Members in an increasingly competitive market, we may be unable to effectively operate and grow our business and revenues, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified management and operating Team Members is central to providing the desired Guest and Team Member experience in our restaurants and delivering on our business strategy. Qualified management and operations Team Members are currently in high demand. From time to time, we make capital expenditures for, and commit management resources towards, efforts aimed at improving our competitiveness and our ability to attract and retain qualified management and operating Team Members, such as our recently announced restaurant management transition program. We may not be successful in implementing these initiatives, and they may not lead to the benefits or results that we anticipate. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified people, especially in our restaurants at the Managing Partner level and regionally at the Market Partner level, our restaurants could be short staffed, we may be forced to incur overtime expenses, hourly Team Member turnover could increase, and our ability to operate our restaurants and roll out new service model and technology solutions effectively could be limited, and the Guest experience could be negatively affected, leading to a decline in traffic and sales. 
 Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly due to various risks and unexpected circumstances, including increases in costs, seasonality, weather, and other factors outside our control. 
 We are subject to a number of significant risks that might cause our actual quarterly and annual results to fluctuate significantly or be negatively affected. These risks include but are not limited to: extended periods of inclement weather which may affect Guest visits as well as limit the availability and cost of key commodities such as beef, poultry, potatoes, and other items that are important ingredients in our products; material disruptions in our supply chain; changes in borrowings and interest rates; changes to accounting methods or principles; impairment of long-lived assets, including goodwill, and losses on restaurant closures; and costs from natural disasters and repairs to damaged or lost property. 
 Moreover, our business fluctuates seasonally. Prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, sales in most of our restaurants have been higher during the summer months and winter holiday season. As a result, our quarterly and annual operating results and comparable restaurant sales may fluctuate significantly as a result of seasonality and the factors discussed above. Accordingly, results for any one quarter or year are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year, and comparable restaurant sales for any particular future period may decrease. 
 Our franchisees could take actions that could harm our business, expose us to liability or damage our reputation. 
 Franchisees are independent entities and are not our employees, partners, or affiliates. We share with our franchisees what we believe to be best practices in the restaurant industry; however, franchisees operate their restaurants as independent businesses. Consequently, the quality of franchised restaurant operations may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Moreover, franchisees may not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or may not hire and train qualified managers and other restaurant Team Members. In addition, as independent businesses, franchisees may not be required to comply with the same levels of business or regulatory compliance we are. While we try to ensure the quality of our brand and compliance with our operating standards, and the confidentiality thereof, are maintained by all of our franchisees, we cannot provide assurance our franchisees will avoid actions that negatively affect the reputation of Red Robin or the value of our proprietary information. Our image and reputation and the image and reputation of other franchisees may suffer materially, and system-wide sales could significantly decline if our franchisees do not operate restaurants according to our standards. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to federal and state laws that regulate the offer and sale of franchises and aspects of the licensor-licensee relationship. Further, there have been historical actions before the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) where it was alleged that a parent company could be held liable for the actions of its franchisees, including potentially jointly liable for labor and wage violations by its franchisees. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations governing our franchisee relationships or adverse decisions similar to the above-described NLRB actions could subject us to liability for actions of the franchisees, or expose us to liability to franchisees, or fines and penalties for non-compliance. 
 Food safety and food-borne illness concerns, and any related unfavorable publicity could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We dedicate substantial resources to ensuring our Guests enjoy safe, quality food products. Nonetheless, restaurant businesses such as ours can be adversely affected by publicity resulting from complaints or litigation regarding poor food quality, food-borne illness, personal injury, food tampering, communicable disease, adverse health effects of consumption of various food products or high-calorie foods, or other concerns. Food safety issues also could be caused by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, could be out of our control. Regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illnesses such as E. coli, norovirus, listeria, hepatitis A, salmonella, or trichinosis, as well as other food safety issues including food tampering or contamination, at one of our or a franchisee's restaurants, could adversely affect our reputation and have a negative impact on our sales. The occurrence of food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. 
 Health concerns relating to the consumption of beef, chicken, or other food products could affect consumer preferences and could negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Consumer preferences could be affected by health concerns about food-related illness, the consumption of beef (which is the key ingredient in many of our menu items), or negative publicity or publication of government or industry findings concerning food quality, illness, and injury. Further, consumers may react negatively to reports concerning our food products or health or other concerns or operating issues stemming from one or more of our restaurants. Such negative publicity, whether or not valid, may negatively affect demand for our food and could result in decreased Guest traffic to our restaurants. A decrease in Guest traffic to our restaurants as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity or as a result of a change in our menu or concept could materially harm our business and negatively affect our profitability. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs, including costs related to the increase in minimum wage and new health care laws. 
 Labor is a primary component in the cost of operating our business. Increased labor costs, whether due to competition, unionization, increased minimum and tip wage, state unemployment rates, employee benefits costs, or otherwise, may adversely impact our operating expenses. A considerable amount of our restaurant Team Members are paid at rates related to the federal, state, or local minimum wage. Further, we have a substantial number of restaurants located in states or municipalities where the minimum wage is greater than the current federal minimum wage, including California, Washington, Oregon, Colorado, and New York. For example, California enacted legislation that increased its minimum wage through a series of annual rate increases, from 10.50 an hour in January 2017 to 15 an hour in January 2022, and some California localities currently mandate wages higher than 15 an hour. In addition, the Biden administration and members of Congress have called for an increase in the federal minimum wage from 7.25 an hour to 15 an hour. We anticipate additional legislation increasing minimum wage standards will be enacted in future periods and in other jurisdictions, including a potential increase or elimination of the tip credit wage. In addition to increasing the overall wages paid to our minimum wage and tip credit wage earners, these increases create pressure to increase wages and other benefits paid to other team members who, in recognition of their tenure, performance, job responsibilities and other similar considerations, historically received a rate of pay exceeding the applicable minimum wage or minimum tip credit wage. Because we employ a large workforce, any wage increase and/or expansion of benefits mandates will have a particularly significant impact on our labor costs. Our vendors, contractors and business partners are similarly impacted by wage and benefit cost inflation, and many have or will increase their price for goods, construction and services in order to offset their increasing labor costs. 
 In the past, many of our eligible Team Members chose not to participate in our Company-sponsored health care plans for various reasons, but we expect to continue to see increased costs due to the impact of changes in the health care laws, including as a result of any repeal, replacement or other significant modifications of The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (the "Affordable Care Act"). Our distributors and suppliers also may be affected by higher minimum wage or health care costs, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. A shortage in the labor pool or other general inflationary pressures or changes could also increase our labor costs. In the past, we have been able to offset increases in labor costs by improving our productivity or changing staffing models in our restaurants or by taking gradual increases in pricing, but there is no guarantee we can continue to do so in the future. In addition, we rely on our Team Members to accurately disclose the full amount of tips received, and we based our FICA tax reporting on the amounts provided to us by such tipped Team Members. Inaccurate Team Member FICA tax reporting could subject us to monetary liabilities. If our labor costs increase and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 we are not able to offset costs through productivity or efficiency gains from changing staffing models, profitable sales drivers or costs reduction efforts, or to pass along the costs in the form of increased prices to our Guests, then it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Further, changes to our staffing models in our restaurants due to labor costs or any labor shortages, could negatively impact our ability to provide adequate service levels to our Guests, which could result in adverse Guest reactions and a possible reduction in Guest traffic at our restaurants. 
 Our failure to remain in compliance with governmental laws and regulations as they continually evolve, and the associated costs of compliance, could cause our business results to suffer. 
 Our business is subject to various federal, state, and local government laws and regulations, including, among others, those relating to our employees, public health and safety, food safety, alcoholic beverage control, public accommodations, financial and disclosure reporting and controls, and consumer health regulations, including those pertaining to nutritional content and menu labeling such as the Affordable Care Act, which requires restaurant companies such as ours to disclose calorie information on their menus. These laws and regulations continually evolve and change, and compliance may be costly and time-consuming. Moreover, we may fail to maintain compliance with all laws and regulations despite our best efforts. Changes in applicable laws and regulatory requirements, or failure to comply with them could result in, among other things, increased exposure to litigation, administrative enforcement actions or governmental investigations or proceedings; revocation of required licenses or approvals; fines; and civil and criminal liability. These negative consequences could increase the cost of or interfere with our ability to operate our business and execute our strategies. 
 Various federal, state, and local employment laws govern our relationship with our Team Members and affect operating costs. These laws govern employee classification, wage rates, fair scheduling and payment requirements including tip credit laws and overtime pay, meal and rest breaks, unemployment and other taxes, health care and benefits, workers' compensation rates, citizenship or residency requirements, labor relations, child labor regulations, and discriminatory conduct. Changes in these laws or our failure to comply with enforcement requirements could require changes to our operations that could harm our operating results. For example, although we require all of our Team Members to provide us with the government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our Team Members, without our knowledge, may not meet federal citizenship or residency requirements, which could lead to a disruption in our work force. A number of other factors could adversely affect our operating results, including: 
 additional government-imposed increases in minimum and/or tipped wages, overtime pay, paid leaves of absence, sick leave, and mandated health benefits; 
 increased tax reporting and tax payment requirements for employees who receive gratuities; 
 a reduction in the number of states that allow gratuities to be credited toward minimum wage requirements; and 
 increased employee litigation including claims under federal and/or state wage and hour laws, including the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act of 1988. 
 There has been increasing public focus by investors, environmental activists, the media and governmental and nongovernmental organizations on social and environmental sustainability matters, including packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, human rights, climate change, greenhouse gases and land, energy and water use. As a result, we have experienced increased pressure and expectations to provide expanded disclosure and make commitments, establish goals or set targets with respect to various environmental and social issues and to take the actions necessary to meet those commitments, goals and targets. If we are not effective in addressing social and environmental sustainability matters, consumer trust in our brand may suffer. In addition, the actions needed to achieve our commitments, goals and targets could result in market, operational, execution and other costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. Our results of operation and financial condition could be adversely impacted if we are unable to effectively manage the risks or costs to us and our supply chain associated with social and environmental sustainability matters. 
 We are subject to "dram shop" statutes in some states. These statutes generally allow a person injured by an intoxicated person to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to such intoxicated person. Failure to comply with alcoholic beverage control or dram shop regulations could subject us to liability and could negatively affect our business. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property. 
 Our business prospects will depend in part on our ability to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property, including the Red Robin, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers , Red Robin America's Gourmet Burgers Spirits , "YUMMM ", Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews TM , and Red Robin Royalty TM names and logos. We have registered or filed applications for trademarks for these names and logos, among others, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in Canada and we have applied to register various trademarks in certain other international jurisdictions. Our trademarks could be infringed in ways that leave us without redress, such as by imitation or by filings by others in jurisdictions where we are not currently 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 registered. In addition, we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how in operating our restaurants, and we employ various methods to protect these trade secrets and proprietary know-how. However, such methods may not afford adequate protection and others could independently develop similar know-how or obtain access to our know-how, concepts, and recipes. Consequently, our business could be negatively affected and less profitable if we are unable to successfully defend and protect our intellectual property. 
 The Company's effective tax rate could be volatile and materially change as a result of changes in tax laws. 
 Prior to the 2020 U.S. presidential election, then presidential candidate Biden proposed an increase in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 21 to 28 , the creation of a 10 penalty on certain imports, and a 15 minimum tax on worldwide book income. Additionally, a repeal of NOL carrybacks has also been discussed. During 2022, Congress passed, and President Biden signed into law, tax legislation that includes the 15 corporate minimum income tax for certain large corporate taxpayers. At this time, the Company is not subject to the corporate minimum tax and does not project that it will be subject to the tax in the near future. If any or all of President Biden s other proposed legislation (or similar) proposals are ultimately enacted into law, in whole or in part, they could have a negative impact to the Company's effective tax rate and cash tax refunds. Additionally, while we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of a tax audit could have a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows in the period which the final determination is made. 
 A significant increase in litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and business prospects. 
 As a member of the restaurant industry, we are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation, including class action lawsuits, or from Guests alleging illness, injury, or other food quality, health, or operational concerns. Negative publicity resulting from these allegations could harm our restaurants, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are liable. In addition, we are subject to the same risks of negative publicity resulting from these sorts of allegations even if the claim actually involves one of our franchisees. 
 Any failure by us to comply with the various federal and state labor laws governing our relationship with our Team Members including requirements pertaining to minimum wage, overtime pay, meal and rest breaks, unemployment tax rates, workers' compensation rates, citizenship or residency requirements, child labor regulations, and discriminatory conduct, may have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We have been subject to such claims from time to time. The possibility of a material adverse effect on our business relating to employment litigation is even more pronounced given the high concentration of Team Members employed in the Western United States, as this region, and California in particular, has a substantial amount of legislative and judicial activity pertaining to employment-related issues. Further, employee claims against us based on, among other things, discrimination, harassment, or wrongful termination may divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit the future performance of our operations. 
 Labor organizing could adversely affect our operations and harm our competitive position in the restaurant industry, which could harm our financial performance. 
 Our employees or others may attempt to unionize our workforce, establish boycotts or picket lines or interrupt our supply chains which could increase our labor costs, limit our ability to manage our workforce effectively, and cause disruptions to our operations. A loss of our ability to effectively manage our workforce and the compensation and benefits we offer to our staff members could harm our financial performance. 
 Our current insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims. 
 There are types of losses we may incur that cannot be insured against or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure against. Such losses could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our employee health, workers' compensation, general liability, property, and cyber insurance programs. Unanticipated changes in the actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our reserves for these losses could result in materially different amounts of expense under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Failure to obtain and maintain adequate directors' and officers' insurance could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Owning Our Stock 
 The market price of our common stock is subject to volatility, which has and may continue to attract the interest of activist stockholders. 
 During fiscal 2022, the price of our common stock fluctuated between 5.70 and 18.42 per share. The market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, actual or anticipated variations in our operating results or those of our competitors as compared to analyst expectations, changes in financial estimates by research analysts with respect to us or others in the restaurant industry, announcements of significant transactions (including mergers or acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or other strategic initiatives) by us or others in the restaurant industry, and the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, the equity markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that affect the stock price of companies in ways that have been unrelated to an individual company's operating performance. The price of our common stock may continue to be volatile, based on factors specific to our Company and industry, as well as factors related to the equity markets overall. Moreover, such volatility has in the past and may in the future attract the interest of activist stockholders. Responding to activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, and the perceived uncertainties as to our future direction resulting from responding to activist strategies could itself then further affect the market price and volatility of our common stock. 
 Any failure to repurchase the Company's stock up to the maximum amounts permitted under our repurchase program may negatively impact investor perception of us and may affect the market price and volatility of our stock. 
 Our stock repurchase program is temporarily suspended. If and when we reinstate our stock repurchase program, or put a new repurchase program in place, it may require us to use a significant portion of our cash flow from operations and/or may require us to incur indebtedness utilizing our existing Credit Facility or some other form of debt financing. Our ability to repurchase stock will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, as supplemented by proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and our capacity to borrow funds, which may be subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors that are beyond our control. The inability to complete stock repurchases under a repurchase program may negatively impact investor perception of us and may therefore affect the market price and volatility of our stock. 
 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 We currently lease the real estate for most of our Company-owned restaurant facilities under operating leases with remaining terms ranging from less than one year to over 15 years excluding options to extend. These leases generally contain options which permit us to extend the lease term at an agreed rent or at prevailing market rates. Certain leases provide for contingent rents, which are determined as a percentage of adjusted gross restaurant sales in excess of specified levels. Contingent rental payments are recognized as a variable lease expense when specified levels have been achieved or when management determines achieving the specified levels during the year is probable. Certain lease agreements also require the Company to pay maintenance, insurance, and property tax costs. 
 We own real estate for 36 Company-owned restaurants located in Arizona (4); Arkansas (1); California (1); Colorado (4); Florida (1); Georgia (1); Illinois (1); Indiana (1); Maryland (1); Missouri (1); North Carolina (3); Ohio (4); Pennsylvania (3); Texas (5); Virginia (4); and Washington (1). 
 Our Restaurant Support Center and test kitchen is located in Englewood, Colorado. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented a dispersed workforce policy that permits many of our Restaurant Support Center Team Members to continue working remotely and we expect that to continue on a go-forward basis. For on-site critical, Company leadership, and those who desire to work in a shared location, we have optimized our office footprint at this location to meet the needs of that population. We occupy this facility under a lease that expires May 31, 2025. In addition, we occupy the first floor and sublease to a third party the second and third floors of a facility in Greenwood Village, Colorado under a lease that expires on May 31, 2025. 
 Our existing prototype for new Red Robin restaurants is approximately 5,100 square feet with a capacity of approximately 200 seats. We develop restaurants under ground leases on which we build our own restaurants in addition to converting existing buildings on standalone, in-line, end cap, and mall locations. As of December 25, 2022, our restaurant locations comprised approximately 2.7 million square feet. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For information regarding contingencies related to litigation, please see Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies included within Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 25, 2022, the contents of which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol RRGB. As of February 24, 2023, there were 89 registered owners of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We did not declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock during 2022, 2021 or 2020. We currently anticipate we will retain any future cash flow to service debt, maintain existing restaurants and infrastructure, and execute on our long-term business strategy. Our Credit Facility has certain limitations on paying dividends or making repurchases of our shares, and we are subject to certain covenant ratios, including a leverage ratio under our Credit Agreement. 
 Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then existing conditions, including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022, the Company did not have any sales of securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act that have not been reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. No share repurchases were made by the Company during 2022. Our ability to repurchase shares is limited to certain conditions set forth by our lenders in the Credit Facility. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the yearly percentage in cumulative total stockholders' return on Common Stock of the Company since the end of its fiscal year 2017, with the cumulative total return over the same period for (i) The Russell 3000 Index, and (ii) the S P 600 Restaurants. 
 Pursuant to rules of the SEC, the comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, the last trading day in the Company's 2017 fiscal year, in the Company's Common Stock and in each of the indices. 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF FIVE YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (1) 
 Among Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., The Russell 3000 Index 
 and S P 600 Restaurants Index 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2017 December 30, 2018 December 29, 2019 December 27, 2020 December 26, 2021 December 25, 2022 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) 100.00 47.33 54.97 35.61 30.40 9.88 The Russell 3000 Index 100.00 112.59 149.16 178.27 224.41 182.64 S P 600 Restaurants (2) 
 100.00 115.04 129.10 167.49 162.41 125.88 
 
 (1) Represents performance of 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends based on fiscal year ends for purposes of comparability. 
 (2) The S P 600 Restaurants includes companies such as Bloomin' Brands Inc., Brinker International, Inc., Chuy's Holdings Inc., Dine Brands Global, Inc., Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., and The Cheesecake Factory Incorporated. 
 
 ITEM 6. Reserved 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations provides a narrative of our financial performance and condition that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements. All comparisons under this heading between 2022 and 2021 refer to the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, unless otherwise indicated. 
 Overview 
 Description of Business 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its subsidiaries ("Red Robin," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company"), primarily operates, franchises, and develops casual dining restaurants with 511 locations in North America. As of December 25, 2022, the Company operated 414 Company-owned restaurants located in 38 states. The Company also had 97 franchised restaurants in 16 states and one Canadian province as of December 25, 2022. The Company operates its business as one operating and one reportable segment. 
 Our primary source of revenue is from the sale of food and beverages at Company-owned restaurants. We also earn revenue from royalties and fees from franchised restaurants. 
 The Company's fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of each calendar year. Most of our fiscal years have 52 weeks; however, we experience a 53rd week once every five to six years. Both 2022 and 2021 refer to 52 week fiscal years. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Accomplishments 
 Fiscal 2022 was a year of progress and transition for our business. The COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact us particularly in the first half of fiscal 2022 directly through government mandated restrictions, and indirectly through supply chain disruptions and labor shortages. We and the broader United States economy experienced inflation levels not seen in decades. Despite these headwinds, our accomplishments in 2022 include the following: 
 Revenue increased by approximately 104.5 million, from approximately 1.2 billion in fiscal 2021, to approximately 1.3 billion in fiscal 2022. 
 Achieved a comparable restaurant revenue increase of 9.2 . Comparable restaurant revenue has increased for eight (8) consecutive quarters. 
 Comparable restaurant revenue and comparable restaurant traffic exceeded the industry average as measured by the Black Box Casual Dining index. 
 Continued investments in sales building and infrastructure initiatives: 
 Installed Donatos in 52 Company-owned restaurants, bringing the total number of restaurants with Donatos to 245 as of December 25, 2022. Comparable restaurant revenue growth in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 at restaurants with Donatos outperformed restaurants without Donatos by 470 basis points. 
 Invested in Guest facing facility upgrades and renovations in more than 200 restaurants. 
 Upgraded infrastructure technology in restaurant and support center locations. 
 Facilitated a successful transition to a new Chief Executive Officer and other executive leadership positions. 
 Inflationary Cost and COVID-19 Impact 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the related aftermath continues to create unprecedented challenges for our industry including changing consumer behavior, labor and supply chain challenges, and wide spread inflationary costs. Cost of sales as a percentage of sales increased 200 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021, driven primarily by commodity cost inflation. 
 Our ability to attract and retain Team 
 Members became more challenging in the competitive job market in 2022. At the start of fiscal 2022, staffing was our number one priority. We made significant progress in improving the staffing levels in our restaurants throughout the year. The challenges in hiring and retention and global supply chain disruptions also affected many of our vendor partners, resulting in intermittent product and distribution shortages. 
 We remain focused on proactively addressing these industry challenges, while delivering a great Guest experience and continuing to prioritize the satisfaction and retention of our Team Members. 
 Financial and Operational Highlights 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes the financial and operational highlights during the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022: 
 Restaurant revenue, compared to the same period in the prior year, is presented in the table below: (millions) Restaurant revenue for the fifty-two weeks ended December 26, 2021 
 1,137.7 Increase in comparable (1) restaurant revenue 
 100.6 Decrease in non-comparable restaurant revenue (8.0) Total increase 92.6 Restaurant revenue for the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022 
 1,230.3 
 (1) Comparable restaurant revenue represents revenue from Company-owned restaurants that have operated five full quarters as of the end of the period presented. 
 Restaurant revenues and operating costs as a percentage of restaurant revenue for the period are detailed in the table below: 
 Fifty-two weeks ended 2022 compared to 2021 
 (Dollars in millions) December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 Increase/(Decrease) Restaurant revenue 1,230.3 1,137.7 8.1 Restaurant operating costs: (Percentage of Restaurant Revenue) (Basis Points) Cost of sales 24.9 22.9 200 Labor 35.8 36.0 (20) Other operating 18.3 18.3 Occupancy 8.0 8.5 (50) Total 87.0 85.7 130 
 The following table summarizes Net loss, loss per diluted share, and adjusted loss per diluted share (a non-GAAP 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 measure) for the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021: 
 Fifty-two Weeks Ended (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 Net loss as reported (77,800) (50,002) Loss per share - diluted: Net loss as reported (4.91) (3.19) Change in estimate, gift card breakage (0.33) Write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs 0.11 Other charges, net: Asset impairment 2.43 0.45 Gain on sale of restaurant property (0.58) Severance and executive transition, net of (3,299) and 0 in stock-based compensation 
 0.14 Other financing costs 0.09 Restaurant closure costs, net 0.05 0.40 Closed corporate office costs, net of sublease income 0.03 COVID-19 related charges 0.03 0.08 Litigation contingencies 0.26 0.08 Board and stockholder matter costs 0.01 Income tax effect (0.58) (0.26) Adjusted loss per share - diluted (3.26) (2.43) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 15,840 15,660 Diluted 15,840 15,660 
 We believe the non-GAAP measure of adjusted loss per diluted share gives the reader additional insight into the ongoing operational results of the Company, and it is intended to supplement the presentation of the Company's financial results in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted loss per diluted share excludes the effects of asset impairment; gain on sale of restaurant property; severance and executive transition costs; other financing costs; restaurant closure costs; closed corporate office costs, net of sublease income; COVID-19 related costs; litigation contingencies; board and stockholder matters costs; goodwill impairment; change in estimate - gift card breakage; write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs, and related income tax effects. We have revised our definition of adjusted loss per diluted share to exclude other financing costs, closed corporate office, net of sublease income, change in estimate - gift card breakage, and write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. We did not revise prior years adjusted loss per diluted share amounts because there were no other charges similar in nature to these costs. Other companies may define adjusted net loss per share differently, and as a result our measure of adjusted loss per share may not be directly comparable to those of other companies. Adjusted loss per share should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, net loss as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP as a measure of performance. 
 The following table summarizes Net Loss (a GAAP measure), and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measures) for the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021: 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Fifty-Two Weeks Ended December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 Net loss as reported (77,800) (50,002) Interest expense, net 19,882 14,168 Income tax provision (benefit) 747 (152) Depreciation and amortization 76,245 83,438 EBITDA 19,074 47,452 Change in accounting estimate, gift card breakage (1) 
 (5,246) Other charges, net: Asset impairment 38,534 7,052 Gain on sale of restaurant property (9,204) Severance and executive transition 2,280 Other financing costs (2) 
 1,462 COVID-19 related costs 438 1,288 Restaurant closure costs 828 6,276 Closed corporate office costs, net of sublease income 475 Litigation contingencies 4,148 1,330 Board and stockholder matter costs 128 Adjusted EBITDA 52,789 63,526 
 (1) Change in estimate, gift card gift card breakage revenue, net of commission relates to the Company's re-evaluation of its estimated redemption pattern. The impact during the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022 comprises 5.9 million included in Franchise royalties, fees, and other revenue partially offset by 0.6 million in gift card commission costs included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Other financing costs includes legal and other charges related to the refinancing of our Credit Facility in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. 
 We believe the non-GAAP measure of adjusted EBITDA gives the reader additional insight into the ongoing operational results of the Company, and it is intended to supplement the presentation of the Company's financial results in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA excludes the effects of change in estimate - gift card breakage, asset impairment, litigation contingencies, board and stockholder matters costs, restaurant closure costs, other financing costs, COVID-19 related costs and severance and executive transition costs, gain on sale of restaurant property and closed corporate office, net of sublease income. We have revised our definition of adjusted EBITDA to exclude gain on sale of restaurant property, change in accounting estimate - gift card breakage, other financing costs and closed corporate office, net of sublease income. We did not revise prior years adjusted EBITDA because there were no other charges similar in nature to these costs. We define EBITDA as net loss before interest expense, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Other companies may define EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA differently, and as a result our measure of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA may not be directly comparable to those of other companies. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, net loss as reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP as a measure of performance. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Restaurant Data 
 The following table details restaurant unit data for our Company-owned and franchised locations for the periods indicated: 
 Fifty-two Weeks Ended December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 Company-owned: Beginning of period 430 443 Opened during the period 1 Closed during the period (16) (14) End of period 414 430 Franchised: Beginning of period 101 103 Opened during the period 1 Closed during the period (5) (2) End of period 97 101 Total number of restaurants 511 531 

30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents total Company-owned and franchised restaurants by state or province as of December 25, 2022: 
 Company-Owned Restaurants Franchised Restaurants State: Arkansas 2 1 Alaska 3 Alabama 4 Arizona 17 1 California 57 Colorado 22 Connecticut 3 Delaware 5 Florida 18 Georgia 6 Iowa 5 Idaho 8 Illinois 20 Indiana 11 Kansas 5 Kentucky 4 Louisiana 1 Massachusetts 3 2 Maryland 12 Maine 2 Michigan 19 Minnesota 4 Missouri 8 3 Montana 1 North Carolina 17 Nebraska 4 New Hampshire 3 New Jersey 11 1 New Mexico 3 Nevada 6 New York 14 Ohio 17 2 Oklahoma 5 Oregon 15 5 Pennsylvania 11 20 Rhode Island 1 South Carolina 4 South Dakota 1 Tennessee 9 Texas 20 9 Utah 1 5 Virginia 20 Washington 37 Wisconsin 11 Province: British Columbia 12 Total 414 97 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Operating results for each fiscal period presented below are expressed as a percentage of total revenues, except for the components of restaurant operating costs, which are expressed as a percentage of restaurant revenue. Certain percentage amounts in the table below do not total due to rounding as well as restaurant operating costs being expressed as a percentage of restaurant revenue and not total revenues. 
 Year Ended 2022 2021 Revenues: Restaurant revenue 97.2 97.9 Franchise revenue 1.5 1.5 Other revenue 1.3 0.6 Total revenues 100.0 100.0 Costs and expenses: Restaurant operating costs (1) (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below): 
 Cost of sales 24.9 22.9 Labor 35.8 36.0 Other operating 18.3 18.3 Occupancy 8.0 8.5 Total restaurant operating costs 87.0 85.7 Depreciation and amortization 6.0 7.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 10.8 10.6 Pre-opening and acquisition costs 0.1 Other charges 3.1 1.4 Loss from operations (4.5) (3.2) Other expense (income): Interest expense 1.6 1.2 Interest (income) and other, net (0.1) Total other expenses 1.6 1.2 Loss before income taxes (6.1) (4.3) Income tax benefit 0.1 Net loss (6.1) (4.3) 
 
 (1) Expressed as a percentage of restaurant revenue 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues Year Ended (Revenues in thousands) 2022 2021 Percent Change Restaurant revenue 1,230,318 1,137,733 8.1 Franchise revenue 19,306 17,236 12.0 Other revenue 16,993 7,109 139.0 Total revenues 1,266,617 1,162,078 9.0 Average weekly net sales per Company-owned restaurants 55,852 51,116 Total operating weeks 22,028 22,258 (1.0) Net sales per square foot (excludes closed restaurants) 468 425 10.1 
 Restaurant revenue, which comprises primarily food and beverage sales, increased 92.6 million in 2022, or 8.1 , as compared to 2021. The increase was due to a 100.6 million, or 9.2 , increase in comparable restaurant revenue, partially offset by a 8.0 million decrease at non-comparable restaurants, including the impact of restaurant closures. The comparable restaurant revenue increase was driven by a 10.1 increase in average Guest check with a 0.9 decrease in Guest count. The increase in average Guest check resulted from a 6.4 increase in pricing and a 3.8 increase in menu mix, and was partially offset by a 0.1 decrease from higher discounts. The increase in menu mix was primarily driven by our limited time menu offerings and higher dine-in sales volumes. Dine-in sales comprised 71.3 of total food and beverage sales in 2022, as compared to 65.5 in 2021. 
 Average weekly net sales volumes represent the total restaurant revenue for all Company-owned Red Robin restaurants for each time period presented, divided by the number of operating weeks in the period. Comparable restaurant revenues include those restaurants that are in the comparable base based on operating five full fiscal quarters as of the end of each period presented. Temporarily closed Company-owned restaurants due to the COVID-19 pandemic were not included in the comparable base for the fiscal years ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021. Fluctuations in average weekly net sales volumes for Company-owned restaurants reflect the effect of comparable restaurant revenue changes as well as the performance of new and acquired restaurants during the period, the average square footage of our restaurants, as well as the impact of changing capacity limitations in response to COVID-19 levels in a given locality. Net sales per square foot represents the total of restaurant revenue for Company-owned restaurants included in the comparable base divided by the total adjusted square feet of Company-owned restaurants included in the comparable base. 
 Franchise revenue primarily includes royalty income and advertising fund contributions. Franchise revenue increased 2.1 million, or 12.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to increased comparable franchise sales. The dollar amount of both royalty income and advertising fund contributions increased as each is calculated primarily as a fixed percentage of franchise sales. 
 Other revenue primarily comprises gift card breakage, which represents the value associated with the portion of gift cards sold that are unlikely to be redeemed, licensing income, and recycling income. During 2022 and 2021, we recognized 14.8 million and 5.4 million of gift card breakage. Refer to Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Change in Accounting Estimate - Gift Card Breakage . 
 Cost of Sales 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Cost of sales 306,509 260,896 17.5 As a percent of restaurant revenue 24.9 22.9 2 
 Cost of sales, which comprises food and beverage costs, is variable and generally fluctuates with commodity costs and sales channel mix and volume. Cost of sales as a percentage of restaurant revenue increased 200 basis points in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by approximately 15.3 commodity basket inflation, partially offset by menu price increases. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Labor 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Labor 440,564 409,901 7.5 As a percent of restaurant revenue 35.8 36.0 (0.2) 
 Labor costs include restaurant-level hourly wages and management salaries as well as related taxes and benefits. Labor as a percentage of restaurant revenue decreased 20 basis points in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by sales leverage, and lower management incentive compensation costs, partially offset by wage rate inflation in 2022. 
 Other Operating 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Other operating 224,704 207,829 8.1 As a percent of restaurant revenue 18.3 18.3 
 Other operating costs include costs such as equipment repairs and maintenance costs, restaurant supplies, utilities, restaurant technology, third party delivery fees, and other miscellaneous costs. Other operating costs as a percentage of restaurant revenue remained the same in 2022 and 2021. Lower off-premises supply costs and the impact of sales leverage were offset by an increase in utilities and other costs. 
 Occupancy 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Occupancy 98,868 96,484 2.5 As a percent of restaurant revenue 8.0 8.5 (0.5) 
 Occupancy costs include fixed rents, property taxes, common area maintenance charges, general liability insurance, contingent rents, and other property costs. In 2022, occupancy costs as a percentage of restaurant revenue decreased 50 basis points as compared to 2021 primarily driven by sales leverage and the impact of permanently closed restaurants and lease amendments, partially offset by higher general liability costs. 
 Our fixed rents in 2022 and 2021 were 69.3 million and 68.8 million, an increase of 0.5 million due to the recognition of occupancy costs in Other charges for temporarily closed Company-owned restaurants during periods of closure due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of lease amendments including a lease modification that resulted in a financing lease becoming an operating lease, partially offset by decreases from 16 restaurants permanently closed during 2022 and 14 restaurants permanently closed during 2021. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Depreciation and amortization 76,245 83,438 (8.6) As a percent of total revenues 6.0 7.2 (1.2) 
 Depreciation and amortization includes depreciation on capital expenditures for restaurants and corporate assets as well as amortization of reacquired franchise rights, leasehold interests, and certain liquor licenses. In 2022, depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of revenue decreased 120 basis points as compared to 2021. The decreases are primarily due to net closed Company-owned restaurants, and sales leverage. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative expenses 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Selling, general, and administrative expenses 136,612 122,743 11.3 As a percent of total revenues 10.8 10.6 0.2 
 Selling, general, and administrative costs include all corporate and administrative functions. Components of this category include marketing and advertising costs, our Restaurant Support Center, regional, and franchise support salaries and benefits; travel; professional and consulting fees; corporate information systems; legal expenses; office rent; training; and board of directors expenses. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense increased 13.9 million, or 11.3 in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses increased 9.5 million or 12.6 in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily driven by increased conference and travel costs following the ease of COVID-19 restrictions, higher share-based incentive compensation costs, and higher staffing costs. 
 Selling expenses increased 4.4 million or 9.3 in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increased digital marketing. 
 Pre-opening Costs 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Pre-opening costs 568 1,410 (59.7) As a percent of total revenues 0.1 (0.1) 
 Pre-opening costs, which are expensed as incurred, comprise the costs related to preparing restaurants to introduce Donatos and other initiatives, as well as direct costs, including labor, occupancy, training, and marketing, incurred related to opening new restaurants and hiring the initial work force. Our pre-opening costs fluctuate from period to period, depending upon, but not limited to, the number of restaurant openings, the size of the restaurants being opened, and the location of the restaurants. Pre-opening costs for any given quarter will typically include expenses associated with restaurants opened during the quarter as well as expenses related to restaurants opening in subsequent quarters. 
 We incurred pre-opening costs related to the installation of 52 Donatos in fiscal 2022. 
 Other Charges (Gains), net 
 (In thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Percent Change Asset impairment 38,534 7,052 Gain on sale of restaurant property (9,204) Severance and executive transition, net of (3,299) and 0 in stock-based compensation 
 2,280 Other financing costs 1,462 Restaurant closure costs, net 828 6,276 (86.8) Closed corporate office costs, net of sublease income 475 COVID-19 related charges 438 1,288 (66.0) Litigation contingencies 4,148 1,330 Board and stockholder matter costs 128 (100.0) Other charges (gains), net 38,961 16,074 Percentage increases and decreases over 100 percent were not considered meaningful. 
 For further information on Other charges line items, refer to Note 4. Other Charges (Gains), net, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Interest Expense and Interest Income 
 Interest expense in 2022 and 2021 was 20.6 million and 14.2 million, respectively. The 6.5 million increase was primarily due to the increase in average total debt and higher interest rates. Our weighted average interest rate in 2022 and 2021 was 9.1 and 7.1 . 
 Interest income and other decreased by 0.7 million to 0.0 million in 2022 from 0.7 million in 2021 due to interest income, primarily related to an income tax refund, that was offset by investment losses, related to a deferred compensation plan for which assets are held in a rabbi trust, in 2022 compared to investment gains related to the deferred compensation plan in 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax provision was 0.7 million in 2022, compared to an income tax benefit of 0.2 million in 2021. Our effective tax rate was a 1.0 provision in 2022 and a 0.3 benefit in 2021. The increase in tax expense for th e year ended December 25, 2022, is primarily due to the 2022 impact of state taxes including minimum state income taxes and state franchise taxes as well as an adjustment to federal taxes . 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash increased 35.4 million to 48.8 million at December 25, 2022, from 22.8 million at the beginning of the fiscal year. The Company is using available cash flow from operations to maintain existing restaurants and infrastructure, and execute on its long-term strategic initiatives. As of December 25, 2022, the Company had approximately 58.8 million in liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity under its Credit Facility. 
 Cash Flows 
 The table below summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for each fiscal year presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 35,532 47,292 Net cash used in investing activities (29,568) (42,241) Net cash provided by financing activities 29,533 1,563 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (41) 20 Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash 35,456 6,634 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 11.8 million to 35.5 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The change in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily attributable to repayment of CARES Act deferred payroll tax of 8.8 million; 5.6 million higher interest payments due to the increased average total debt and higher interest rates; and decreased cash from earnings after non-cash items, as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, partially offset by changes in working capital, including the tax refunds received in 2022. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities decreased 12.7 million to 29.6 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease is primarily due to proceeds from the sale of a restaurant property and decreased spending on the Donatos expansion, partially offset by increased spending on restaurant improvements, and investments in technology and other projects. 
 The following table lists the components of our capital expenditures for each fiscal year presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended 2022 2021 Restaurant improvement capital and other 15,882 12,798 Investment in technology, infrastructure, and other 12,303 10,812 Donatos expansion 6,054 17,113 New restaurants and restaurant refreshes 3,920 1,538 Total capital expenditures 38,159 42,261 
 Expenditures for Donatos expansion include expenditures for kitchen equipment, other equipment and other capital costs associated with adding Donatos to our restaurants, Restaurant improvement capital and other consists of capital equipment for our restaurants, Investment in technology, infrastructure and other consists of capital costs related to restaurant technology assets, capital overhead, and other items. 
 Financing Cash Flows 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities increased 28.0 million to 29.5 million in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to 30.6 million in net borrowings in 2022 compared to a net borrowings of 3.7 million in 2021 as a result of the Company's refinancing of debt on March 4, 2022 and 3.9 million in initial deposit proceeds received related to the sale of a restaurant property in the second quarter of 2022, partially offset by an increase in cash used for debt issuance costs. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facility 
 On March 4, 2022, the Company replaced its prior amended and restated Credit Agreement (the "Prior Credit Agreement") with a new Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), which provides for a new Senior Secured Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility (the Credit Facility ). The Credit Agreement's interest rate references the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements and backed by U.S. Treasury securities, or the Alternate Base Rate ("ABR"), which represents the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5 per annum, or (c) one-month term SOFR plus 1.0 per annum. 
 As of December 25, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of 205.7 million net of 8.3 million of unamortized deferred financing charges and discounts, of which 3.4 million was classified as current, in addition to amounts issued under letters of credit of 9.1 million. The amounts issued under letters of credit reduce the amount available under the Credit Facility but are not recorded as debt. 
 We are subject to a number of customary covenants under our Credit Facility, including limitations on additional borrowings, acquisitions, stock repurchases, sales of assets, and dividend payments, as well as a Total Net Leverage ratio covenant. As of December 25, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants applicable to our Credit Facility. 
 For additional information regarding our Credit Facility, see Note 8. Borrowings included within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Debt Outstanding 
 Total debt outstanding increased 37.9 million to 214.9 million at December 25, 2022, from 177.0 million at December 26, 2021, primarily driven by net proceeds from the execution of the Credit Facility during the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022. 
 Share Repurchase 
 On August 9, 2018, the Company's board of directors authorized the Company's current share repurchase program of up to a total of 75 million of the Company's common stock. The share repurchase authorization will terminate upon completing repurchases of 75 million of common stock unless otherwise terminated by the board. Pursuant to the repurchase program, purchases may be made from time to time at the Company's discretion and the Company is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock. From the date of the current program approval through December 25, 2022, we have repurchased a total of 226,500 shares at an average price of 29.14 per share for an aggregate amount of 6.6 million. There were no share repurchases in 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, as of December 25, 2022, we had 68.4 million of availability under the current share repurchase program. 
 Effective March 14, 2020, the Company suspended its share repurchase program to provide additional liquidity during the COVID-19 pandemic. The new Credit Agreement limits our ability to repurchase shares to certain conditions set forth by our lenders in the new Credit Facility. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes the amounts of payments due under specified contractual obligations as of December 25, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Payments Due by Period Total 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 Thereafter Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 299,097 24,608 45,869 228,442 178 Finance lease obligations (2) 
 12,325 1,483 2,889 2,710 5,243 Operating lease obligations (3) 
 617,001 77,380 148,694 126,478 264,449 Purchase obligations (4) 
 149,203 52,499 35,887 38,815 22,002 Other non-current liabilities (5) 
 4,435 1,013 398 100 2,924 Total contractual obligations 1,082,061 156,983 233,737 396,545 294,796 
 
 (1) Long-term debt obligations primarily represent minimum required principal payments under our existing Credit Agreement as of December 25, 2022, including estimated interest of 84.2 million based on a 9.81 average borrowing interest rate. 
 (2) Finance lease obligations include interest of 2.3 million. 
 (3) Operating lease obligations exclude variable lease costs, such as sales based contingent rent, and include interest of 176.5 million. 
 (4) Purchase obligations includes the Company's share of expected system-wide fixed price commitments for food, beverage, and restaurant supply items. These amounts are estimates based on anticipated inventory needed for the Company's restaurants, and could vary due to the timing of volumes. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 (5) Other non-current liabilities primarily represent the employee deferred compensation plan liability. Refer to Note 15. Employee Benefit Programs, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Financial Condition and Future Liquidity 
 We require capital principally to maintain, improve, and refurbish existing restaurants; build new restaurants; support infrastructure needs; fund operational changes; and for general operating purposes. We are required to make interest and principal payments under the terms of our Credit Agreement, and may use capital to pay additional principal on our borrowings or repurchase our common stock as allowed by our Credit Agreement. Our primary short-term and long-term sources of liquidity are expected to be cash flows from operations and our Credit Facility. We expect cash flows from operations and available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet debt service, capital expenditures, and working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. In January 2023, the Company announced it is evaluating a sale-leaseback transaction related to its owned properties and anticipates proceeds will be used to repay debt, fund capital investments, and repurchase shares of Company stock subject to the terms of the Credit Agreement and approval by the Board of Directors. We and the restaurant industry in general maintain relatively low levels of accounts receivable and inventories, and vendors generally grant short-term trade credit for purchases, such as food and supplies. The addition of new restaurants and refurbishment of existing restaurants are reflected as long-term assets and not as part of working capital. 
 Working Capital 
 We typically maintain current liabilities in excess of our current assets which results in a working capital deficit. We are able to operate with a working capital deficit because restaurant sales are primarily conducted on a cash or credit card basis. Rapid turnover of inventory results in limited investment in inventories, and cash from sales is usually received before related payables for food, supplies, and payroll become due. In addition, receipts from the sale of gift cards are received well in advance of related redemptions. Rather than maintain higher cash balances that would result from this pattern of operating cash flows, we typically utilize operating cash flows in excess of those required for currently maturing liabilities to pay for capital expenditures, debt repayment, or to repurchase stock. When necessary, we utilize our Credit Facility to satisfy short-term liquidity requirements. We believe our future cash flows generated from restaurant operations combined with our remaining borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility and sale-leaseback transactions will be sufficient to satisfy any working capital deficits and our planned capital expenditures. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those we believe are both significant and that require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often because we need to estimate the effect of inherently uncertain matters. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experiences and various other factors we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates, including our estimates of future restaurant-level cash flows, which are subject to the current economic environment, and we might obtain different results if we use different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as the Company's most critical accounting policies and estimates, which are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results and require management's most subjective and complex judgment. Information regarding the Company's other significant accounting policies is disclosed in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - Long-lived assets, including restaurant sites, leasehold improvements, other fixed assets, right of use assets, and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed when indicators of impairment are present. Expected cash flows associated with an asset are the key factor in determining the recoverability of the asset. Identifiable cash flows are measured at the restaurant-level. The estimate of cash flows is based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about expected future operating performance, including assumptions on future revenue trends. Management's estimates of undiscounted cash flows may differ from actual cash flows due to, among other things, changes in economic conditions, changes to our business model, or changes in operating performance. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, we recognize an impairment loss. The amount of the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset, which is determined using discounted cash flows. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Judgments made by management related to our ability to realize undiscounted cash flows in excess of the carrying amounts of such assets are affected by factors such as changes in economic conditions, changes in operating performance, and the ongoing maintenance and improvements of the assets. As the ongoing expected cash flows and carrying amounts of long-lived assets are assessed, these factors could cause us to realize a material impairment charge. Each restaurant's past and present operating performance were reviewed in combination with projected future results, primarily through projected undiscounted cash flows, which indicated possible impairment. For those restaurants for which undiscounted cash flows did not exceed their carrying value, we compared the carrying amount of each restaurant to its fair value as estimated by management. Determining the fair value of the long-lived assets requires the use of estimates and assumptions and is typically determined using a discounted cash flow projection model. The weighted average cost of capital discount factor is determined using external information such as the risk-free rate of return, industry beta factors, and premium adjustments. Management uses other market information such as market rent and discount rates, which are subject to judgment, to estimate the fair value of restaurant right of use lease assets. During 2022, the Company determined long-lived assets at 46 locations were impaired as a result of our cash flow analysis, and recognized non-cash impairment charges of 38.0 million. During 2021, we impaired ten Company-owned restaurants as a result of our cash flow analysis resulting in non-cash impairment charges of 6.4 million. 
 Information technology systems, such as internal-use computer software, are reviewed and tested for recoverability if the internal-use computer software is not expected to provide substantive service potential, a significant change occurs to the extent or manner in which the software is used or is expected to be used, a significant change is made or will be made to the software program, or costs of developing or modifying internal-use software significantly exceed the amount originally expected to develop or modify the software. During 2020, the Company impaired information technology assets totaling 5.2 million due to the COVID-19 pandemic redirecting our implementation of certain digital platforms in order to accelerate our speed to market. 
 Liquor licenses with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount is not recoverable, we record an impairment charge for the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value. We determine fair value based on quoted prices in the active market for the license in the same or similar jurisdictions, representing a level 1 fair value measurement. At the end of 2022, the Company performed its annual review of its indefinite lived liquor licenses that had a carrying value of 6.7 million, and recorded impairment charges of 0.5 million to indefinite-lived intangibles in 2022. In 2021, 0.5 million of impairment charges were recorded and, in 2020, no impairment charges were recorded to liquor licenses with indefinite lives. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Under our Credit Facility, we are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on borrowings. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are subject to rates based on SOFR plus a spread based on leverage or a base rate plus a spread based on leverage. The base rate is the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5 per annum, or (c) one-month term SOFR plus 1.0 per annum. As of December 25, 2022, we had 214.0 million of borrowings subject to variable interest rates. A 1.0 change in the effective interest rate applied to these loans would have resulted in pre-tax interest expense fluctuation of 2.1 million on an annualized basis. 
 We continue to monitor our interest rate risk on an ongoing basis and may use interest rate swaps or similar instruments in the future to manage our exposure to interest rate changes related to our borrowings as the Company deems appropriate. 
 Commodity Price Risks 
 The Company's restaurant menus are highly dependent upon a few select commodities, including ground beef, poultry, potatoes, and restaurant supplies. We purchase food, supplies and other commodities for use in our operations based on prices established with our suppliers. Many of the commodities purchased by us are subject to volatility due to market supply and demand factors outside of our control, including the price of other commodities, weather, seasonality, production, trade policy, and other factors. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced distribution disruptions, commodity cost inflation, and certain food and supply shortages. To manage this risk in part, we enter into fixed-price purchase commitments for certain commodities; however, it may not be possible for us to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments for certain commodities, or we may choose not to enter into fixed-price contracts for certain commodities. We believe that substantially all of our food and supplies meeting our specifications are available from alternate sources, which we have identified to diversify our supply chain to mitigate our overall commodity risk. We may or may not have the ability to increase menu prices, or vary menu items, in response to commodity price increases. A 1.0 increase in food and beverage costs would negatively impact cost of sales by approximately 3.1 million on an annualized basis. 
 Many of the food products we purchase are affected by changes in weather, production, availability, seasonality, and other factors outside our control. In an effort to mitigate some of this risk, we have entered into fixed price agreements on some of our food and beverage products, including certain proteins, produce, and cooking oil. As of December 25, 2022, approximately 49 of our estimated annual food and beverage purchases were covered by fixed price contracts, most of which are scheduled to expire at various times through the end of 2023. These contracts may exclude related expenses such as fuel surcharges and other fees. In addition, we believe that almost all of our food and supplies are available from several sources, which helps to reduce or mitigate these risks. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 INDEX 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 42 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, KPMG LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 44 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 45 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 48 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 49 

41 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the periods ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Refer to Notes 1, 4 and 9 in the Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As of December 25, 2022, the Company had 318.5 million in property and equipment, net, 361.4 million in operating lease assets, net, and 7.6 million in finance lease assets, net. The Company assesses long-lived assets for impairment at the individual restaurant-level whenever events and circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. During 2022, the Company determined long-lived assets at 46 locations were impaired as a result of their cash flow analysis and recognized non-cash impairment charges of 38.0 million. 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Expected cash flows associated with an asset are the key factor in determining the recoverability of the asset. Identifiable cash flows are measured at the restaurant-level. The estimate of cash flows is based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about expected future operating performance, including assumptions of future revenue trends. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized and measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. 
 We identified the evaluation of long-lived asset impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the undiscounted cash flows, including assumptions about expected future operating performance, and the fair value of the lease assets. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether management appropriately identified and evaluated potential impairment 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 indicators, and when evaluating the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions, particularly related to undiscounted cash flows and market rent. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the impairment of long-lived assets included the following, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s assessment and evaluation of potential impairment indicators for long-lived assets and over forecasted undiscounted cash flows and market rent used in their recoverability and impairment analyses. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s evaluation of impairment indicators by: 
 Evaluating the Company s process for identifying qualitative and quantitative impairment indicators by location and whether the Company appropriately considered such indicators 
 Conducting a completeness assessment to determine whether additional impairment indicators were present during the period that were not identified by the Company. 
 We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations and the underlying source of information for a selection of restaurant sites. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the information in the Company s forecasted undiscounted cash flows used in their recoverability and impairment analyses, by comparing the forecasts to 
 Historical actual information 
 Internal communications between management and the Board of Directors 
 Forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports for the Company. 
 We evaluated the Company s forecasted undiscounted and discounted cash flows for consistency with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the market rent by developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the market rent used by management. 
 
 /s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations of the Company and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2015 to 2021 . 
 
 March 3, 2021, except as to paragraph (c) of Note 1, which is as of March 10, 2022 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets, net Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued payroll and payroll-related liabilities Unearned revenue Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock; par value: shares authorized; shares issued; and shares outstanding as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 
 Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 
 Treasury stock and shares, at cost as of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 
 ) ) Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Retained (deficit) earnings ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 Revenues: Restaurant revenue Franchise revenue Other revenue Total revenues Costs and expenses: Restaurant operating costs (excluding depreciation and amortization shown separately below): 
 Cost of sales Labor (includes , , and of stock-based compensation) 
 Other operating Occupancy Depreciation and amortization Selling, general, and administrative expenses (includes , , and of stock-based compensation) 
 Pre-opening costs Other charges (includes ), , and of stock-based compensation) 
 Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other expense (income): Interest expense Interest (income) and other, net ) ) ) Total other expenses, net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Loss per share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income, net of tax Retained Earnings (Deficit) Paid-in Capital Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance, December 29, 2019 ) ) Exercise of options, issuance of restricted stock, shares exchanged for exercise and tax, and stock issued through employee stock purchase plan ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Non-cash stock compensation Issuance of common stock. par value, net of stock issuance costs 
 Release of currency translation adjustment Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 27, 2020 ) ) Exercise of options, issuance of restricted stock, shares exchanged for exercise and tax, and stock issued through employee stock purchase plan ) ) ) Non-cash stock compensation Net income ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, December 26, 2021 ) Exercise of options, issuance of restricted stock, shares exchanged for exercise and tax, and stock issued through employee stock purchase plan ) ) ) Non-cash stock compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 25, 2022 ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gift card breakage ) ) ) Goodwill and asset impairments Non-cash other charges (gains) ) Deferred income tax provision Stock-based compensation expense Gain on sale of property ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Income tax receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Operating lease assets, net of liabilities ) ) Trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Unearned revenue Other operating assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Purchases of property, equipment and intangible assets ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment, and other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Borrowings of long-term debt Payments of long-term debt and capital leases ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Proceeds related to real estate sale Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of stock issuance costs (Uses) proceeds from other financing activities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Income taxes refund received, net ) ) ) Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized Accrued purchases of property, equipment and intangible assets 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

restaurants located in states. The Company also had casual dining restaurants operated by franchisees in states and Canadian province. The Company operates its business as operating and reportable segment. 
 (b) 

(c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 Change in Accounting Estimate - Gift Card Breakage 
 As part of its annual assessment of gift card breakage and during the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022, the Company re-evaluated the estimated redemption pattern related to gift cards and aligned the recognition of gift card breakage to the updated estimated redemption pattern. As a result, the Company recognized million of additional gift card breakage in Other revenues, partially offset by million of associated commissions costs recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses, in the first quarter of 2022. This change in accounting estimate decreased net loss by million, or per basic and diluted share for the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022. The Company may record adjustments related to changes in estimated redemption patterns in the future which could be material. 
 Change in Accounting Estimate - Red Robin Loyalty Breakage 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company re-evaluated the estimated redemption pattern related to Red Robin Royalty benefits and aligned the recognition of loyalty breakage to the updated estimated redemption pattern. As a result, the Company recognized an additional million of loyalty breakage in Restaurant revenue. The Company re-evaluates the estimated redemption pattern related to Red Robin Royalty each year and may record adjustments related to changes in estimated redemption patterns in the future which could be material. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 entr es purchased. Registered members can also earn an award if they visit a Red Robin restaurant 5 separate times within 5 weeks of joining our Royalty program. We recognize the current sale of an entr e and defer a portion of the revenue to reflect partial prepayment for the future entr e the member is entitled to receive. We estimate the future value of the award based on the historical average value of redemptions. We also estimate what portion of registered members are not likely to reach the ninth purchase or fifth visit based on historical activity and recognize the revenue related to those purchases from deferred revenue. We recognize the deferred revenue in restaurant revenue on earned rewards when the Company satisfies its performance obligation at redemption, or upon expiration. We compare the estimate of the value of future awards to historical redemptions to evaluate the reasonableness of the deferred amount. 
 Revenues we receive from our franchise arrangements include sales-based royalties, advertising fund contributions, area development fees, and franchise fees. Red Robin franchisees are required to remit to of their revenues as royalties to the Company and contribute up to of revenues to national advertising funds. The Company recognizes these sales-based royalties and advertising fund contributions as the underlying franchisee sales occur. Contributions to these Advertising Funds from franchisees are recorded as revenue under Franchise revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
 The Company also provides its franchisees with management expertise, training, pre-opening assistance, and restaurant operating assistance in exchange for area development fees and franchise fees. The Company capitalizes these fees upon collection from the franchisee, which then amortize over the contracted franchise term as the services comprising the performance obligation are satisfied. The Company typically grants franchise rights to franchisees for a term of years, with the right to extend the term for an additional years if various conditions are satisfied by the franchisee. 
 Other revenue consists of gift card breakage, licensing income, and recycling income. 
 of the original sales transaction and are considered to be cash equivalents. 
 Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with multiple financial institutions. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial institutions with reputable credit and therefore bear minimal credit risk. The Company holds cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions in excess of amounts covered by the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") and sometimes invests excess cash in money market funds not insured by the FDIC. The Company periodically assesses the credit risk associated with these financial institutions and believes that the risk of loss is minimal. 
 The Company is required to carry restricted cash balances that are reserved as collateral for existing letters of credit. The amounts issued under letters of credit, which are undrawn and expire in June 2023, totaled million. 
 At the end of 2022, there was approximately million of gift card receivables in accounts receivable related to gift cards that were sold by third party retailers compared to million at the end of 2021. At the end of 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 million related to third party delivery partners in accounts receivable compared to approximately million at the end of 2021. 
 At the end of 2022 and 2021, food and beverage inventories were million and million, respectively, and supplies inventories were million and million, respectively. 
 years to years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life, not to exceed years 
 Furniture, fixtures, and equipment years to years 
 Computer equipment years to years 
 
 The Company capitalizes certain overhead related to the development and construction of its new restaurants as well as certain information technology infrastructure upgrades. Costs incurred for the potential development of restaurants that are subsequently terminated are expensed. 
 - years, most of which include options to extend the leases for additional -year periods. Generally, the lease term is the minimum of the non-cancelable period of the lease or the lease term inclusive of reasonably certain renewal periods up to a term of years. 
 We determine if a contract contains a lease at inception. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments not yet paid. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease assets. To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid, we estimate incremental secured borrowing rates corresponding to the maturities of the leases. We estimate this rate based on prevailing financial market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and management judgment. 
 Our leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease term. We recognize expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Additionally, tenant incentives used to fund leasehold improvements are recognized when earned and reduce our right-of-use asset related to the lease. These are amortized through the right-of-use asset as reductions of expense over the lease term. 
 Some of our leases include rent escalations based on inflation indexes and fair market value adjustments. Certain leases contain contingent rental provisions that include a fixed base rent plus an additional percentage of the restaurant's sales in excess of stipulated amounts. Operating lease liabilities are calculated using the prevailing index or rate at lease commencement. Subsequent escalations in the index or rate and contingent rental payments are recognized as variable lease expenses. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 We have elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all applicable classes of underlying assets. Short-term disclosures include only those leases with a term of 12 months or less, and expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, that do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that we are reasonably certain to exercise, are not recorded on the balance sheet. 
 We elected the practical expedient that does not require us to separate lease and non-lease components for our population of real estate assets. 
 years. The costs of purchasing transferable liquor licenses through open markets in jurisdictions with a limited number of authorized liquor licenses are capitalized as indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 million were recorded related to indefinite-lived intangibles in 2022 and million were recorded in 2021. impairment charges were recorded in 2020. 

of revenues to national media advertising funds (the "Advertising Funds"). These Advertising Funds are used to build the Company's brand equity and awareness primarily through a national marketing strategy, including national television advertising, digital media, social media programs, email, loyalty, and public relations initiatives. 
 Total advertising costs of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 and were included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 Advertising production costs are expensed in the period when the advertising first takes place. Other advertising costs are expensed as incurred. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 million of interest income was recorded related to a federal cash tax refund received during the fourth quarter of 2020. 

Dilutive effect of stock options and awards Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Awards excluded due to anti-dilutive effect on diluted earnings per share 

During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company substantially completed the exit of Company-owned restaurants in Canada resulting in the removal of the accumulated currency translation adjustment as a component of stockholders' equity and the recognition in Other charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss totaling a loss of million. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Franchise revenue Gift card breakage (1) 
 Other revenue Total revenues 
 (1) The Company re-evaluated the estimated redemption pattern related to gift cards and aligned the recognition of gift card breakage revenue to the updated estimated redemption pattern. See Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 Deferred loyalty revenue 
 Revenue recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the redemption of gift cards that were included in the liability balance at the beginning of the fiscal year was as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 25, 2022 December 26, 2021 December 27, 2020 Gift card revenue 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on sale of restaurant property ) Severance and executive transition, net of ) and in stock-based compensation 
 Other financing costs Restaurant closure costs, net Closed corporate office costs, net of sublease income COVID-19 related charges Litigation contingencies Board and stockholder matter costs Goodwill Impairment Other charges (gains), net 
 Asset Impairment 
 During 2022, the Company determined long-lived assets at locations were impaired and recognized non-cash impairment charges of million related to the associated with our properties, primarily due to restaurants that did not perform as expected as a result of cost pressures that reduced restaurant-level profitability. Additionally, the Company recognized million of non-cash impairment charges related to the impairment of long lived intangible assets related to quota state liquor licenses at locations. 
 During 2021, the Company impaired long-lived assets of Company-owned restaurants and recognized non-cash impairment charges of million. Additionally, the Company recognized million of non-cash impairment charges related to the related to quota state liquor licenses at locations. 
 During 2020, the Company impaired long-lived assets of Company-owned restaurants and recognized non-cash impairment charges of million. Additionally, the Company impaired information technology assets totaling million due to the COVID-19 pandemic redirecting our implementation of certain digital platforms in order to accelerate our speed to market. 
 Gain on Sale of Restaurant Property 
 During the second quarter of 2022 the Company closed on an agreement to sell a restaurant property that the Company owned and leased back on a short-term basis. The Company collected initial net proceeds from the purchaser-lessor of million, which represented a portion of the total consideration received from the sale. The Company did not recognize a sale in the second quarter of 2022 as certain criteria to recognize a sale in accordance with ASC Topic 842, Leases , and ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , were not met. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company received the remaining proceeds, upon which the lease terminated and the sale transaction was completed, and recognized a million gain on the sale of the restaurant property. The initial net proceeds of million are included within cash flows from financing activities and the final proceeds received of million are included within cash flows from investing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 25, 2022. 
 Severance and Executive Transition 
 During 2022, the Company recorded million of severance and executive transition costs primarily related to transitioning to a new Chief Executive Officer, and changes in other leadership positions as a result of our strategic pivot under the North Star plan and severance related to a reduction in force of restaurant support Team Members in the fourth quarter of 2022. These costs are net of a million stock-based compensation benefit primarily related to a change in estimated stock-based compensation forfeitures as a result of changes in executive leadership. 
 During 2020, the Company recorded million of severance and executive transition costs primarily related to severance costs associated with the reduction in force of Restaurant Support Center Team Members in the first quarter of 2020. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 million include fees related to the entry by the Company into the new Credit Agreement (as defined below) on March 4, 2022 that were not capitalized with the closing of the Credit Facility. See Note 8. Borrowings. 
 Restaurant Closure Costs, net 
 Restaurant closure costs include costs incurred for permanently closed restaurants and closed restaurant lease termination gains or losses, as well as the ongoing restaurant operating costs of the Company-owned restaurants that temporarily closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million of costs, respectively. 
 Closed Corporate Office Costs, Net of Sublease Income 
 Closed corporate office, net of sublease income includes expense and sublease income related to a corporate office facility that was vacated and subleased. 
 COVID-19 Related Costs 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million of costs, respectively, related to purchasing personal protective equipment for restaurant Team Members and Guests and providing emergency sick pay to restaurant Team Members during the pandemic. 
 Litigation Contingencies 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million, million, and million respectively, of contingencies related to litigation matters. Litigation contingencies during 2022 include the impact of cash proceeds received by the Company related to certain legal claims. See Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies, for further discussion. 
 Board and Stockholder Matters Costs 
 During 2021, the Company recorded million of board and stockholder matters costs. 
 During 2020, the Company recorded million of board and stockholder matters costs primarily related to the shareholder rights plan and the recruitment and appointment of a new board member in the first quarter of 2020. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 The Company recognized full goodwill impairment during the first quarter of 2020 totaling million resulting from the negative effects of COVID-19 on our business. 
 
 5. 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 ) ) Leasehold interests ) ) Liquor licenses and other ) ) ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Liquor licenses and other Intangible assets, net ) ) 
 Immaterial impairment charges were recorded related to finite-lived intangibles resulting from the continuing and projected future results at Company-owned restaurants in 2022, 2021, and 2020. Impairment charges of million were recorded related to indefinite-lived intangibles in 2022 and million were recorded in 2021. impairment charges were recorded related to indefinite-lived intangibles in 2020. 
 The aggregate amortization expense related to intangible assets subject to amortization for 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Workers compensation insurance Corporate and restaurant incentive compensation Accrued vacation Other Accrued payroll and payroll-related liabilities 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 State and city sales tax payable Real estate, personal property, state income, and other taxes payable General liability insurance Utilities Legal Accrued marketing Current portion of finance lease liabilities Accrued severance Other Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 
 
 The CARES act deferred payroll tax amount was paid in full subsequent to our fiscal year end, and prior to the December 31, 2022 deadline for repayment. 
 Accrued severance represents one-time termination benefits primarily related to changes in leadership positions as a result of our strategic pivot under the North Star plan and a related reduction in force of restaurant support Team Members in 2022 and is accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations . The Company expects to make the remaining payments related to these benefits in 2023. 
 The Company expects to incur a total of million in termination benefits related to the North Star plan. Approximately million in one-time termination benefits was incurred and recorded in Other charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss during the fifty-two week period ended December 25, 2022. 
 Charges Cash Payments ) Balance as of December 25, 2022 

Term loan Notes payable Total borrowings Less: unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts (1) 
 Less: current portion of long-term debt Long-term debt Revolving line of credit unamortized deferred financing charges (1) : 

58 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 (1) A typical fiscal year includes principal payments of million for a total of million associated with the term loan; however, as fiscal year 2023, comprises 53 weeks instead of 52 weeks, there will be additional principal payment in 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022. See Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for details on our fiscal calendar. 
 Credit Facility 
 On March 4, 2022, the Company replaced its prior amended and restated Credit Agreement (the "Prior Credit Agreement") with a new Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") by and among the Company, Red Robin International, Inc., as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the issuing banks from time to time party thereto, Fortress Credit Corp., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner. The million Credit Agreement provides for a million revolving line of credit and a million term loan (collectively, the "Credit Facility"). The borrower maintains the option to increase the Credit Facility in the future, subject to lenders participation, by up to an additional million in the aggregate on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Credit Facility will mature on March 4, 2027. No amortization is required with respect to the revolving Credit Facility. The term loans require quarterly principal payments in an aggregate annual amount equal to of the original principal amount of the term loan. The Credit Agreement's interest rate references the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements and backed by U.S. Treasury securities, or the Alternate Base Rate ("ABR"), which represents the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus per annum, or (c) one-month term SOFR plus per annum. The variable interest rates were for the term loan and for the revolving line of credit as of December 25, 2022. 
 As of December 25, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of million net of million of unamortized deferred financing charges and discounts, of which million was classified as current. As of December 26, 2021, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the credit facility under the Prior Credit Agreement of million, of which million was classified as current, in addition to amounts issued under letters of credit of million. 
 Red Robin International, Inc., is the borrower under the Credit Agreement, and certain of its subsidiaries and the Company are guarantors of borrower s obligations under the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the borrower and the guarantors, including the Company, and are available to: (i) refinance certain existing indebtedness of the borrower and its subsidiaries, (ii) pay any fees and expenses in connection with the Credit Agreement, and (iii) provide for the working capital and general corporate requirements of the Company, the borrower and its subsidiaries, including permitted acquisitions and capital expenditures, but excluding restricted payments. 
 On March 4, 2022, Red Robin International, Inc., the Company, and the guarantors also entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement (the Security Agreement granting to the Administrative Agent a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the borrower and the guarantors to secure the obligations under the Credit Agreement. This new Security Agreement replaced the existing security agreement, dated January 10, 2020, which was entered into in connection with the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 Red Robin International, Inc., as the borrower is obligated to pay customary fees to the agents, lenders and issuing banks under the Credit Agreement with respect to providing, maintaining, or administering, as applicable, the credit facilities. 
 In connection with entry into the new Credit Agreement, the Company s Prior Credit Agreement was terminated. In connection with such termination and new borrowings under the new Credit Agreement, the Company paid off all outstanding borrowings, accrued interest, and fees under the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 The summary descriptions of the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement and the Security Agreement, respectively, which were filed as exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2022. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 million of deferred financing charges related to the extinguishment of the Prior Credit Agreement on March 4, 2022. These charges were recorded to interest expense, net and other on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the fifty-two weeks ended December 25, 2022. In association with the execution of the new Credit Agreement, the Company recognized million of deferred financing charges, and million of original issuance discount. 
 
 Total assets measured at fair value December 26, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Investments in rabbi trust Total assets measured at fair value 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Assets and liabilities recognized or disclosed at fair value on the consolidated financial statements on a nonrecurring basis include items such as property, plant and equipment, right of use assets, and intangible assets. These assets are measured at fair value if determined to be impaired. 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company measured non-financial assets for impairment using continuing and projected future cash flows, as discussed in Note 4. Other Charges (Gains), net, which were based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represented a level 3 fair value measurement. 
 Based on our 2022, 2021, and 2020 impairment analyses, we impaired long-lived assets at , and locations with carrying values of million, million, and million. We determined the fair value of these long-lived assets in 2022, 2021, and 2020 to be million, million and million based on level 3 fair value measurements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 million, and recorded impairment charges of million to indefinite-lived intangibles in 2022. Impairment charges of million were recorded to liquor licenses with indefinite lives in 2021 and impairment charges were recorded in 2020. 
 Disclosures of Fair Value of Other Assets and Liabilities 
 The Company's liability under its Credit Facility is carried at historical cost in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 25, 2022, the fair value of the Credit Facility was approximately million and the principal amount carrying value was million. The Credit Facility term loan is reported net of million in unamortized discount and debt issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 25, 2022. The carrying value approximated the fair value of the Credit Facility as of December 26, 2021, as the interest rate on the instrument approximated current market rates. The interest rate on the Credit Facility represents a level 2 fair value input. 
 
 10. 
 Current portion of lease obligations Long-term portion of lease obligations Total December 26, 2021 Finance (1) 
 Operating (2) 
 Lease assets, net Current portion of lease obligations Long-term portion of lease obligations Total 
 (1) Finance lease assets and obligations are included in Other assets, net, Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities, and Other non-current liabilities on our December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Operating lease assets and obligations are included in Operating lease assets, net, Current portion of operating lease liabilities, and Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities on our December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right of use assets (1) 
 Interest on lease liabilities (2) 
 Total finance lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease costs 
 (1) Amortization of finance lease right of use assets is recorded to depreciation and amortization in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 (2) Interest on finance lease liabilities is recorded to interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease liability Less imputed interest Present value of lease liability 
 Finance leases Cash flows from financing activities Cash paid related to lease liabilities Finance leases Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations Right of use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations Other information related to operating leases as follows: Weighted average remaining lease term Weighted average discount rate Other information related to financing leases as follows: Weighted average remaining lease term Weighted average discount rate 
 
 11.) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 ) State ) Foreign Total current income tax (benefit) ) ) Deferred: Federal State Foreign ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) Income tax benefit ) ) 
 State income taxes Foreign taxes versus U.S statutory rate Valuation allowance on deferred income tax assets ) ) ) Impact of CARES Act and related method changes Excess stock options ) ) Other ) ) Effective tax rate ) 
 
 The increase in tax expense for the year ended December 25, 2022, is primarily due to the 2022 impact of state taxes including minimum state income taxes and state franchise taxes as well as an adjustment to federal taxes. The decrease in the Company's effective tax benefit in 2021 is primarily due to the 2020 favorable rate impact of net operating loss carrybacks allowed as part of the CARES Act. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 General business and other tax credits Net operating loss carryover Accrued compensation and related costs Goodwill Stock-based compensation Advanced payments Other non-current deferred tax assets Subtotal Valuation allowance ) ) Total Deferred tax liabilities: Leasing transactions ) ) Property and equipment ) ) Supplies inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other non-current deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 The Company had net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes of million as of December 25, 2022. This is comprised of approximately million of federal net operating loss carryovers, approximately million of state net operating loss carryovers, and approximately million of foreign net operating loss carryovers. The federal net operating loss has an indefinite carryforward period, the state net operating loss carryovers expire at various dates between 2025 and 2042, and the foreign net operating loss carryovers expire at various dates between 2035 and 2042. 
 As of December 25, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax asset of million related to federal tax credits, which expire at various dates between 2037 and 2041. The Company also had a deferred tax asset of million related to state tax credits which expire in 2024. 
 The Company establishes a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying amount of deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that it will not realize some portion or all the tax benefit of its deferred income tax assets. The realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. In making this determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence including historical operating losses, the reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. In 2020, management determined that a full valuation allowance was required and has recorded a full valuation allowance as of December 25, 2022 and at December 26, 2021. 
 Based on the Company's evaluation of its deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance of approximately million has been recorded against the deferred tax asset for federal and state tax credits, federal and state deferred tax assets, all net operating loss carry forwards and the deferred taxes of our foreign subsidiary. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Increase due to current year tax positions Due to decrease to a position taken in a prior year ) Settlements Reductions related to lapses in the statute of limitations ) ) End of year 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate is approximately million. The Company does not anticipate significant changes in the aggregate amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months, other than nominal tax settlements. 
 The Company had outstanding federal and state refund claims of approximately million as of December 25, 2022. 
 Recent Tax Legislation 
 The CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 (CHIPS) and the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 were signed into law by President Biden on August 9, 2022 and August 16, 2022, respectively. The legislation introduces new options for monetizing certain credits, a corporate alternative minimum tax, and a stock repurchase excise tax. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of CHIPS and IRA, but at present does not expect that any of the provisions included in these Acts would result in a material impact to our deferred tax assets, liabilities, or income taxes payable. 
 
 million for loss contingencies on our consolidated balance sheets, of which million relates to a class action settlement that is scheduled to be paid in first quarter 2023. We increased our estimate of loss contingency liabilities by approximately million in the fourth quarter of 2022 related to changes during the fourth quarter in the status ongoing litigation matters. We ultimately may be subject to greater or less than the accrued amount for this and other matters. 
 As of December 25, 2022, we had purchase commitments to certain vendors who provide food and beverages and other supplies to our restaurants, for an aggregate of million. We expect to fulfill our commitments under these agreements in the normal course of business, and as such, no liability has been recorded. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 million to a total of million of the Company's common stock. The increased share repurchase authorization became effective on August 9, 2018 and will terminate upon completing repurchases of million of common stock unless otherwise terminated by the board. Purchases under the repurchase program may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions. Purchases may be made from time to time at the Company's discretion, and the timing and amount of any share repurchases will be determined based on share price, market conditions, legal requirements, and other factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the Company may suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time. In 2022, the Company did not repurchase any shares under its share repurchase program. From the date of the current program approval through December 25, 2022, we have repurchased a total of shares at an average price of per share for an aggregate amount of million. Accordingly, as of December 25, 2022, we had million of availability under the current share repurchase program. 
 
 14. 
 shares. The 2017 Stock Plan was amended in May 2019, and again in May 2020 to add an additional and shares, respectively, bringing the total to shares as of December 25, 2022. 
 Vesting of the awards under the 2017 Stock Plan is determined at the date of grant by the plan administrator. Each award granted under the 2017 Stock Plan and 2007 Stock Plan fully vests, becomes exercisable and/or payable, as applicable, upon a change in control event. However, unless the individual award agreement provides otherwise, with respect to executive and certain other high level officers, upon the occurrence of a change in control, no award will vest unless such officers' employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without cause during the following such change in control event. Each award expires on such date as shall be determined at the date of grant; however, the maximum term of options, SARs, and other rights to acquire common stock under the plan is after the initial date of the award, subject to provisions for further deferred payment in certain circumstances. Vesting of awards under these plans were generally time based over a period of to . As of December 25, 2022, options and awards to acquire the Company's common stock remained outstanding under the 2007 Stock Plan; all remaining options and awards are outstanding under the 2017 Stock Plan. 
 Stock-based compensation costs recognized in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million with related income tax benefits of million, million, and million. The 2022 costs were comprised of million stock-based compensation, partially offset by a million reduction due to executive team forfeitures recorded in Other charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 As of December 25, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost, excluding estimated forfeitures. Unrecognized compensation costs are expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of approximately years for stock options, years for the restricted stock units ("RSU"), and years for the performance stock units ("PSU"). 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Forfeited/expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding, December 25, 2022 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Vested and expected to vest as of December 25, 2022 (1) 
 Exercisable as of December 25, 2022 

(1) The expected to vest options are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumption to total outstanding options. The Company applies estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from our historical forfeitures of similar awards. 
 Expected years until exercise Expected stock volatility Dividend yield Weighted average Black-Scholes fair value per share at date of grant 
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised was thousand, thousand, and thousand in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on the rate for zero coupon U.S. Government issues with a remaining term similar to the expected life. The expected life of the options represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical trends and Team Member exercise patterns. The expected stock price volatility represents an average of the Company's historical volatility measured over a period approximating the expected life. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company's history and expectations of dividend payouts. 
 Time-Based RSUs 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company issued time-based restricted stock units ("RSUs") to certain employees as permitted under the 2017 Stock Plan. The Company can grant RSUs to its directors, executive officers, and other key employees. The RSUs granted to employees typically vest in equal installments over three to . For the Company's board of directors, RSUs vest in full on the earlier of the -year anniversary of the grant date or the next annual stockholder meeting. Upon vesting, share of the Company's common stock is issued for each RSU. The fair value of each RSU granted is equal to the market price of the Company's stock at the date of grant, and expense is recognized straight line over the vesting period. 
 Awarded Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding, December 25, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) Awards expected to vest are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumption to total outstanding options. The Company applies estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from our historical forfeitures of similar awards. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 share of the Company's common stock on the payment date. 
 Prior to 2020, each PSU was divided into three equal tranches with applicable performance periods, typically consisting of a fiscal year, subject to the achievement of the applicable performance goals at target and applicable vesting conditions. Fair value of each PSU granted was equal to the market price of the Company's stock at the grant date, and expense is recognized ratably across the total performance period based on probability of achieving applicable performance goals. PSUs remain unvested until the end of the third performance period and are forfeited in the event of termination of employment of a grantee prior to the last day of the third performance period. 
 Beginning in 2020, the Company began granting PSU awards based on relative total stockholder return defined as increases in the Company's stock price during a performance period of as compared to the total stockholder return of a group of peer companies. Fair value of each PSU granted is determined by a Monte Carlo valuation model, and expense is recognized straight line over the performance period. PSUs remain unvested until the last day of the performance period and are generally forfeited in the event of termination of employment of a grantee prior to the last day of the performance period. If the relative total stockholder return target is not met, compensation cost for these PSUs is not reversed. 
 Awarded Forfeited ) Vested ) Outstanding, December 25, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) Awards expected to vest are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumption to total outstanding options. The Company applies estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from our historical forfeitures of similar awards. 
 Inducement Grants 
 The Company granted stock-based awards to certain of the Company s new executive officers as inducements material to their commencement of employment and entry into an employment agreement with the Company. The inducement grants were made in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and were not made under the 2017 Plan. 
 The inducement grants, which include PSU and RSU awards, are generally subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as grants that are made under the 2017 Plan and fair value is determined in the same manner as described for each grant type above. 
 Awarded Forfeited Vested Outstanding, December 25, 2022 (1) 
 
 (1) Awards expected to vest are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumption to total outstanding options. The Company applies estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from our historical forfeitures of similar awards. 
 Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan 
 Beginning in 2020, the long-term cash incentive plan is based on relative total stockholder return defined as increases in the Company's stock price during a performance period of years as compared to the total stockholder return of a group of peer 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 -year performance period based on a Monte Carlo valuation model. Beginning in 2017, the long-term cash incentive plan was based on operational metrics with performance periods. Compensation expense for awards granted before 2020 is recognized variably over the performance period based on the plan-to-date performance achievement. All long-term cash incentive awards cliff vest after years at the end of each performance cycle. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded ) million, million, and million, respectively in compensation expense to Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss related to the 2017 long-term cash incentive plan. The amounts recorded in 2022 include the reversal of the expense related to 2020 grants for which performance targets were not met. 
 During 2022 and 2021, the long-term cash incentive plan payout totaled million and million, respectively. At December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, a million and million long-term cash incentive plan liability was included in Accrued payroll and payroll-related liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 of their base salary and up to of variable compensation and commissions each plan year. 
 The assets of the deferred compensation plan are held in a rabbi trust, where they are invested in certain mutual funds that cover an investment spectrum ranging from equities to money market instruments and are available to satisfy the claims of the Company's creditors in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency. These mutual funds have published market prices and are reported at fair value. See Note 9. Fair Value Measurements. Changes in the market value of the investments held in the trust result in the recognition of a corresponding gain or loss reported in Interest income and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. A corresponding change in the liability associated with the deferred compensation plan results in an offsetting deferred compensation expense, or reduction of expense, reported in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 The Company recognized a million decrease in deferred compensation expense in 2022, and an increase in deferred compensation expenses of million in 2021 and million in 2020. As of December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, million and million of deferred compensation assets are included in Other assets, net and million and million of deferred compensation plan liabilities are included in Other non-current liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In July 2017, the Company adopted the Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP Plan"). The ESPP Plan authorized shares of the Company's common stock for issuance. In May 2020, our board of directors authorized the issuance of an additional shares of the Company's common stock under the ESPP Plan. In December 2022, our board of directors authorized the issuance of an additional shares of the Company's common stock under the ESPP Plan, subject to approval by stockholders in 2023, increasing the shares authorized to be granted under the ESPP Plan to a total of shares. Under the ESPP Plan, eligible Team Members may voluntarily contribute up to of their salary, subject to limitations, to purchase common stock at a price equal to of the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the first day of each offering period or of the fair market value of a share of the Company's common stock on the last day of each offering period, whichever amount is less. In general, all of the Company's officers and Team Members who have been employed by the Company for at least and who are regularly scheduled to work more than hours per week are eligible to participate in this plan, which operates in the successive commencing on January 1 and July 1 of each fiscal year. During 2022, the Company issued a total of shares under the ESPP Plan with shares available for future issuance. During 2021, the Company issued a total of shares under the ESPP Plan. 
 For 2022, in accordance with the guidance for accounting for stock compensation, the Company estimated the fair value of the awards granted pursuant to the stock purchase plan using the Black-Scholes multiple-option pricing model. The assumptions used in the model included risk-free interest rates from to , year expected life, expected volatilities from to , and dividend yield. The weighted average fair value per share at grant date was . For 2021, the assumptions used in the model included risk-free interest rate, year expected life, expected volatility of , and dividend yield. The weighted average fair value per share at grant date was . For 2020, the assumptions used in the model included risk-free interest rate, year expected life, expected volatility of , and dividend yield. The weighted average fair value per share at grant date was . The Company recognized million of compensation expense related to this plan in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 years of age. The 401k Plan, which qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, allows Team Members to defer specified percentages of their compensation on a pre-tax basis. The Company may make matching contributions in an amount determined by the board of directors. In addition, the Company may contribute each period, at its discretion, an additional amount from profits. Employer matching contributions equal to of the first of compensation and on the next of compensation. The Company matches contributions when the employee contribution is made, and the employer matching contributions are not subject to a vesting schedule. The Company recognized matching contribution expense of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of such period, are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are: 
 Recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and 
 Accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Those rules define internal control over financial reporting as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company's management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that, as of December 25, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting included herein. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and misstatements are prevented or detected. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 
 Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 25, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 25, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 25, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 28, 2023 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Our board of directors has adopted codes of ethics that apply to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and all of the finance team. The full text of our code of ethics can be found on the governance page within the ESG section of our website at ir.redrobin.com . We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from the codes of ethics by posting such information on our corporate website or by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the proxy statement for our 2023 annual stockholders' meeting and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information concerning our executive officers is included in Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information relating to this item will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (1) Our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. - Index" for more detail. 
 (2) All financial schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or because the required information is provided in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (3) Index to Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description (3.1) 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., dated as of May 28, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2015. 
 (3.2) 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 24, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q filed on August 10, 2012 (File No. 001-34851). 
 (3.3) 
 Amendment No. 1 dated February 13, 2013 to Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws dated May 24, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2013 (File No. 001-34851). 
 (4.1) 
 Specimen stock certificate. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 10, 2002 (Registration No. 333-87044). 
 (4.2) 
 Description of Capital Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020 (File No. 001-34851). 
 (4.3) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2020, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2020. 
 (10.1) 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2007 Performance Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 21, 2011 (File No. 001-34851). 
 (10.2) 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2007 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2012 (File No. 001-34851). 
 (10.3) 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2007 Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 22, 2009 (File No. 000-49916). 
 (10.4) 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2007 Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 22, 2009 (File No. 000-49916). 
 10.5 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement for Non-Employee Directors . 
 (10.6) 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Performance Incentive Plan Outside Director Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 21, 2010 (File No. 000-49916). 
 (10.7) 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2007 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 23, 2014. 
 (10.8) 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2007 Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 23, 2014. 
 (10.9) 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 8, 2020. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description (10.10) 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan as Amended and Restated on December 15, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2016. 
 (10.11) 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and each of our directors and certain executive officers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 3 of our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 12, 2002 (Registration No. 333-87044). 
 (10.12) 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 4, 2017. 
 (10.13) 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2018. 
 (10.14) 
 Form of Cash Performance Award Agreement under the Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2018. 
 (10.15) 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2018. 
 (10.16) 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 22, 2018. 
 (10.1 7 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Jonathan A. Muhtar, dated August 20, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 22, 2018. 
 (10. 18 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Michael L. Kaplan, dated August 20, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 22, 2018. 
 (10. 19 
 Employment Agreement by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Lynn. S. Schweinfurth, dated December 31, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019. 
 (10.2 0 
 Employment Agreement by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Paul Murphy, dated September 2, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed with the SEC on September 5, 2019. 
 (10.2 1 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 
 (10.2 2 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan Cash Performance Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 
 (10.2 3 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 
 (10.2 4 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2020. 
 (10. 25 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2020, by and among Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc., Vintage Capital Management, LLC, and Kahn Capital Management, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2020. 
 (10. 26 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (as Amended). Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 8, 2020. 
 (10. 27 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020. 
 (10. 28 
 Form of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan Cash Performance Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Description (10. 29 
 Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2020, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2020. 
 (10.3 0 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (As Amended). Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 5, 2021. 
 (10.3 1 
 Credit Agreement, dated March 4, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. 
 (10. 32 
 Security Agreement, dated March 4, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. 
 (10.33) 
 Offer Letter by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and G.J. Hart, dated July 13, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022. 
 (10.34) 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Todd Wilson, dated November 3, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2022. 
 (10.35) 
 Severance Agreement, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Darla Morse, dated November 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 17, 2022. 
 (10.36) 
 Severance Agreement, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Lynn Schweinfurth, dated November 14, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 17, 2022. 
 (10.37) 
 Severance Agreement, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Jonathan Muhtar, dated November 22, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 25, 2022. 
 (10.38) 
 Severance Agreement, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Michael Buchmeier, dated December 18, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2022. 
 10.39 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and Sarah Mussetter, dated October 28, 2022. 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 23.2 
 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
 101 The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. for the year ended December 25, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 25, 2022, December 26, 2021, and December 27, 2020; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Exhibits previously filed in the Company's periodic filings as specifically noted. 
 Executive compensation plans and arrangements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. (Registrant) February 28, 2023 By: /s/ G. J. HART (Date) G. J. Hart 
 (Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ G. J. HART President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 G. J. Hart /s/ TODD WILSON Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 Todd Wilson /s/ CHERI KINDER Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Cheri Kinder /s/ DAVID A. PACE Chairperson of the Board February 28, 2023 David A. Pace /s/ TOM CONFORTI Director February 28, 2023 Tom Conforti /s/ CAMMIE W. DUNAWAY Director February 28, 2023 Cammie W. Dunaway /s/ KALEN F. HOLMES Director February 28, 2023 Kalen F. Holmes /s/ ANDDRIA VARNADO Director February 28, 2023 Anddria Varnado /s/ STEVEN K. LUMPKIN Director February 28, 2023 Steven K. Lumpkin /s/ ANTHONY ACKIL Director February 28, 2023 Anthony Ackil /s/ ALLISON PAGE Director February 28, 2023 Allison Page 
 
 77 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 exhibit105formofredrobingo.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 2017 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 (NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS) 
 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (this Agreement between RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. (the Corporation and ___________ Participant is dated effective _________ (the Date of Grant ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 A. The Board has adopted, and the stockholders have approved, the Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 2017 Performance Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time to time (the Plan 
 
 B. The Plan provides for the granting of restricted stock unit awards to eligible participants as determined by the Administrator and 
 
 C. The Administrator has determined that Participant is a person eligible to receive a restricted stock unit award under the Plan and has determined that it would be in the best interest of the Corporation to grant the restricted stock unit award provided for herein. 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 (a) Award . Pursuant to the Plan, Participant is hereby awarded _____ restricted stock units (the Stock Units ), subject to the conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Each Stock Unit represents the right to receive one share of the Corporation's common stock, .001 par value per share (the Common Stock on the vesting schedule set forth below. Unless and until the Stock Units vest, Participant shall have no right to receive shares of Common Stock under such Stock Units. 
 
 (b) Plan Incorporated . Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, and agrees that this award of Stock Units shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, including future amendments thereto, if any, pursuant to the terms thereof, which Plan is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement. Except as defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings ascribed to them under the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting and Payment . 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Participant shall vest in his or her rights under the Stock Units on the soonest to occur of (i) the date of the next annual meeting of the Corporation s stockholders, and (ii) the one-year anniversary of the Date of Grant (such date being referred to herein as the Vesting Date ). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, vesting pursuant to the foregoing schedule shall occur on the Vesting Date only if Participant provides continuous services to the Corporation from the Date of Grant to such Vesting Date. Upon vesting, the Corporation shall deliver to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of Stock Units that vested, with such delivery to occur within 30 days of the Vesting Date _____ (1) provided, however, that if the Participant has made a timely election to defer the receipt of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the procedures established by the Board, and in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, then the delivery of such shares shall be made in accordance with the terms of such election. 
 
 (b) Any unvested Stock Units shall vest, and the Corporation shall deliver to the Participant shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of Stock Units still outstanding in a lump sum, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control Event. In accordance with the Administrator s authority pursuant to Section 6.3(b) of the Plan, for purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in Control Event shall include only a transaction that would constitute a change in ownership or effective control or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation under Code section 409A. 
 (c) Except as provided in Section 2(d) below, if the Participant ceases to provide services to the Corporation at any time prior to the Vesting Date and prior to a Change in Control Event, all unvested Stock Units shall be cancelled immediately on the date that the Participant's service is terminated, and the Participant shall cease to have any right or entitlement to receive any shares of Common Stock under such cancelled Stock Units. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in accordance with Section 3.1(h) of the Plan, the Administrator may, in its discretion, waive the vesting requirements above in the event of the Participant s 
 (1) To be used if the Participant has indicated a different initial distribution date. 

Separation from Service on account of the Participant s death, disability, or change in control (as determined by the Administrator). In the event the Administrator exercises its discretion pursuant to this Section 2(d) to waive the vesting requirements, the Corporation shall deliver to the Participant shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of Stock Units still outstanding in a lump sum within 30 days of the Participant s Separation from Service provided, however, that if the Participant has made a timely election to defer the receipt of shares of Common Stock in accordance with the procedures established by the Board, and in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, then the delivery of such shares shall be made in accordance with the terms of such election. 
 
 3. Issuance and Limits on Transferability . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the issuance or delivery of any shares of Common Stock may be postponed for such period as may be required to comply with any requirements under any law or regulation applicable to the issuance or delivery of such shares. The Corporation shall not be obligated to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock if the issuance or delivery thereof shall constitute a violation of any provision of any law or of any regulation of any governmental authority. Stock Units shall not be transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation, or as otherwise permitted by the Plan. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of Participant. Any purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or other encumbrance of Stock Units that does not satisfy the requirements of this Agreement and the Plan shall be void and unenforceable against the Corporation. 
 
 4. Stockholder Rights . The Participant shall not have any stockholder rights, including voting or dividend rights, with respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to the Stock Units until any such shares are paid pursuant to Section 2. 
 
 5. Tax Consideration . The Corporation has advised Participant to seek Participant s own tax and financial advice with regard to the federal and state tax considerations resulting from Participant s receipt of Stock Units pursuant to this Agreement. Participant understands that the Corporation will report to appropriate taxing authorities the payment to Participant of compensation income upon the payment of the shares of Common Stock. Participant understands that he or she is solely responsible for the payment of any federal and state taxes resulting from this grant of Stock Units. 
 
 6. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall bind Participant and the Corporation and their beneficiaries, survivors, executors, administrators, and transferees. 
 
 7. Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder. 
 
 8. Conflicts and Interpretation . In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall control. In the event of any ambiguity in this Agreement, or any matters as to which this Agreement is silent, the Plan shall govern including, without limitation, the provisions thereof pursuant to which the Administrator has the power, among others, to (i) interpret the Plan, (ii) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan and (iii) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. 
 
 9. Amendment . The Corporation may modify, amend, or waive the terms of this Agreement, prospectively or retroactively, but no such modification, amendment or waiver shall impair the rights of Participant without his or her consent, except as required by applicable law, NASDAQ or stock exchange rules, tax rules or accounting rules. Prior to the effectiveness of any modification, amendment or waiver required by tax or accounting rules, the Corporation will provide notice to Participant and the opportunity for Participant to consult with the Corporation regarding such modification, amendment, or waiver. The waiver by either party of compliance with any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 
 10. Compliance with Code section 409A . The Stock Units granted under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code section 409A as short-term deferrals , or otherwise compliant with the requirements of Code section 409A, and the provisions herein shall be interpreted accordingly. 

RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 By s ____________________ 
 Title ____________________ 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.39>
 3
 exhibit1039employmentagree.htm
 EX-10.39

Document 
 Exhibit 10.39 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of this 28 th day of October, 2022, by and between RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and SARAH MUSSETTER Executive ). 
 
 RECITAL 
 
 WHEREAS , the parties desire to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions for the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows 
 
 AGREEMENT 
 
 1. Employment Period . (a) The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Red Robin International, Inc., a Nevada corporation RRI ), hereby employs Executive, and Executive hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. The term of Executive s employment hereunder shall commence on December 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ), and shall continue until otherwise terminated as provided herein (such term being referred to herein as the Employment Period ). 
 
 (b) Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise be provided by this Agreement or under any other written agreement between Executive and the Company, the employment of Executive by the Company and RRI is at will and Executive s employment may be terminated by either Executive or the Company at any time for any reason, or no reason, as long as consistent with applicable law. RRI shall be the employer for tax, legal reporting, payroll processing and similar purposes. 
 
 2. Position and Duties . 
 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall be employed as and hold the title of Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of the Company, with such duties, authorities and responsibilities that are customary for public company chief legal officer positions. Executive shall report to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and shall interface with the Company s Board of Directors and the committees of the Board of Directors and their respective chairpersons from time to time (collectively, the Board ). In addition, the Chief Executive Officer may assign Executive such duties and responsibilities that are not substantially inconsistent with her position as the Chief Legal Officer of the Company. Executive agrees to serve without additional compensation, if elected or appointed thereto, as a director or officer of any of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 (b) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote substantially all of her skill, knowledge, and working time to the business and affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries provided that in no event shall this sentence prohibit Executive from performing personal and charitable activities and any other activities approved in advance by the Board, so long as such activities do not materially interfere with Executive s duties for the Company or otherwise violate the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Company s policies in effect from time to time. Executive shall perform her services at the Company s headquarters, presently located in Englewood, Colorado, subject to reasonably required travel in connection with the performance of her services hereunder or as reasonably requested by the Board. Executive shall use her best efforts to carry out her responsibilities under this Agreement faithfully and efficiently. 
 
 3. Compensation . 
 
 a. Base Salary . During the Employment Period, Executive shall receive from the Company an annual base salary Annual Base Salary at the rate of 410,000, with such salary to be adjusted at such times, if any, and in such amounts as recommended by the Chief Executive Officer and approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ). Executive s Annual Base Salary shall be subject to annual review by the Chief Executive Officer and the Compensation Committee during the Employment Period. The Annual Base Salary shall be paid in accordance with the Company s and RRI s normal payroll policy. 
 
 b. Si g n-On Bonus . The Company agrees to pay Executive a one-time cash sign-on bonus of 115,000 (the Sign-On Bonus ), subject to all required taxes and withholdings, to be paid on the first payroll period following the Effective Date. If Executive s employment with the Company is terminated as a result of Executive s resignation without Good Reason less than twelve (12) full months after the Effective Date, Executive agrees to repay the Company the full Sign-On Bonus. Executive further agrees that Executive will repay such amount by no later than thirty (30) days following the effective date of the employment termination, 

and that any outstanding balance on such repayment obligation is delinquent and immediately collectable the day following the effective date of termination. 
 
 c. Annual Incentive Compensation . In addition to the Annual Base Salary, beginning in fiscal year 2023, Executive is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus each fiscal year during the Employment Period as determined in accordance with the Company s annual incentive plan as in effect from time to time and as approved by the Compensation Committee (the Annual Bonus ). For fiscal year 2023, Executive s target Annual Bonus (the Target Bonus shall be sixty percent (60 of Executive s Annual Base Salary. Such Target Bonus will be subject to adjustment by the Compensation Committee in fiscal year 2024 and later. The actual amount of any Annual Bonus shall depend on the level of achievement of the applicable performance criteria established with respect to the Annual Bonus by the Board and the Compensation Committee in their sole discretion. The Annual Bonus for each fiscal year shall be payable in accordance with the then-current annual incentive plan, but in no event later than March 15 of the following fiscal year. For the avoidance of doubt, Executive shall not be eligible to receive any Annual Bonus in respect of fiscal year 2022. 
 
 d. Long-Term Incentive Awards . 
 
 i. Sign-On Equity Award . On the seventh day following the Effective Date (or, if not a trading day, on the first trading day immediately thereafter), Executive will receive a grant (the Sign-On Equity Award of time-vested restricted stock units RSUs having a target value of 150,000. The Executive s Sign-On Equity Award shall be in the form of an inducement grant (for purposes of the NASDAQ listing rules) and as a result shall not be granted pursuant to the Company s 2017 Performance Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ), but the Sign-On Equity Award shall be subject to all the terms and conditions of the 2017 Plan as if the award were granted under the 2017 Plan. The RSUs will vest ratably over the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment through all such vesting dates. 
 
 ii. Generally . Beginning in fiscal year 2023, Executive shall have the opportunity to participate in the Company s long term incentive plan LTIP ). Executive s annual grant under the LTIP shall be subject to such terms as approved by the Board or the Compensation Committee from time to time in accordance with the Company s LTIP, but the LTIP grant for fiscal year 2023 shall have a target value equal to 105 of the Executive s Annual Base Salary. Executive s target value will be subject to adjustment by the Compensation Committee in fiscal year 2024 and later. Except as expressly provided herein, each such equity award shall be made in accordance with the Company s Equity Granting Policy. As an executive officer of the Company, Executive is subject to the Company s Ownership Guidelines (as defined in Section 12) as in effect from time to time, within the time period specified therein, which currently include a requirement for the Chief Legal Officer to own shares of common stock of the Company with a value equal to at least 3x Executive s Annual Base Salary. 
 
 e. Other Benefits . 
 
 i. Welfare and Benefit Plans . During the Employment Period (A) Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs of the Company and RRI to the same extent as other senior executive employees, including, among other things, participation in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan, after one year of continuous employment, and the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan and (B) Executive and or Executive s family, as the case may be, shall be eligible to participate in, and shall receive all benefits under, all welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and RRI (including, to the extent provided, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, salary continuance, employee life insurance, group life insurance, accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the same extent as other senior executive employees. 
 
 ii. Expenses . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other expenses incurred by Executive in carrying out Executive s duties under this Agreement, provided that Executive complies with the policies, practices and procedures of the Company and RRI for submission of expense reports, receipts or similar documentation of the incurrence and purpose of such expenses. 
 
 iii. Paid Time Off . Executive shall be entitled to holidays and paid time off per calendar year in accordance with the Company s holiday and paid time off policies applicable to similarly situated senior executives as in effect from time to time. 
 
 f. Reservation of Rights . Except as otherwise specifically agreed as to Executive in a separate agreement between the Company and Executive, the Company reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue any and all of the employee benefit plans, practices, policies and programs referenced in subsections 3(e)(i), (ii) and (iii) above at any time without recourse by Executive so long as such action is taken with respect to similarly situated senior executives generally and does not disproportionately adversely affect Executive. 
 
 4. Termination . 

a. Death or Disability . Executive s employment and all associated rights and benefits shall terminate automatically upon Executive s death. If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of Executive has occurred, it may give to Executive written notice of its intention to terminate Executive s employment. In such event, Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the thirtieth (30th) day after receipt of such notice by Executive, provided that, within the thirty days after such receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of her duties. 
 
 b. Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. 
 
 c. By the Company without Cause. The Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time without Cause. 
 
 d. By Executive for Good Reason . Executive may terminate her employment at any time for Good Reason subject to the notice and cure provisions set forth in the definition thereof. 
 
 e. By Executive without Good Reason . Executive may terminate her employment at any time without Good Reason, provided that Executive must provide at least thirty (30) days advance notice to the Company of any such termination. 
 
 f. Obli g ations of the Company Upon Termination . 
 
 i. Death or Disabilit y. If Executive s employment is terminated by reason of Executive s Death or Disability, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive or her legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for (A) payment of the sum of (1) Executive s Annual Base Salary through the date of termination to the extent not theretofore paid and (2) reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred through the date of termination which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash within thirty (30) days of the effective date of termination or such earlier date as may be required by law (B) any payments, benefits or fringe benefits to which Executive shall be entitled under the terms of any applicable compensation arrangement or benefit, equity or fringe benefit plan or program or grant or this Agreement, which shall be paid at such times and in such forms as provided for by such plan, program or grant or such earlier date as may be required by law (C) any Annual Bonus Earned but unpaid with respect to the fiscal year ending on or preceding the date of termination, which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash when such Annual Bonus payment is regularly paid to similarly situated executives (the payments and benefits described in clauses (A), (B), and (C) shall be hereinafter referred to as the Accrued Obligations and (D) payment of a pro rata share (determined on the basis of the number of days on which Executive was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred) of the Annual Bonus that would otherwise have been Earned based on actual performance and been payable pursuant to Section 3(c) hereof had Executive continued to be employed by the Company for the entirety of the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred, which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash when such Annual Bonus payment is regularly paid to similarly situated executives. 
 
 ii. Cause or Resi g nation other than with Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or Executive resigns from her position as Chief Legal Officer of the Company without Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive other than payment of the Accrued Obligations as described in Section 4(f) (provided, that if Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then the amount described in clause (C) of the Accrued Obligations shall not be payable). If it is subsequently determined that the Company did not have Cause for termination hereof or that Executive had Good Reason for termination, then the decision to terminate shall be deemed to have been made under Section 4(c) or (d), as applicable, and the amounts payable under Section 4(f)(iii) shall be the only amounts Executive may receive on account of her termination. 
 
 iii. By the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . If the Company terminates Executive s employment without Cause or Executive terminates her employment for Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive other than 
 A. payment of the Accrued Obligations, as described in Section 4(f)(i) 
 B. payment of a pro rata share (determined on the basis of the number of days on which Executive was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred) of the Target Bonus for the fiscal year in which the date of termination occurred, which shall be paid in a lump sum in cash when annual incentive plan payments are regularly paid to similarly situated executives and 
 C. installment payments in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices equivalent to one (1) times the Executive s Annual Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the date of termination, subject to standard withholdings and other authorized deductions 
 
 provided , however , that as a condition precedent to receiving the payments and benefits provided for in this Section 4(f)(iii) (other than payment of the Accrued Obligations), Executive shall first execute and deliver to the 

Company and RRI a general release agreement that is satisfactory to the Company and RRI (the Release ), and all rights of Executive thereunder or under applicable law to rescind or revoke the release shall have expired no later than the date specified in such release, which shall either be twenty-eight (28) days or fifty-two (52) days, dependent upon the circumstances, after the date of termination (the Release Condition ). If Executive fails to satisfy the Release Condition, all payments and benefits set forth in this Section 4(f)(iii) (other than the payment of the Accrued Obligations) shall be forfeited provided , further , notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, if Executive receives severance payments and benefits under the Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (as such plan may be modified, amended and or restated from time to time) (the Executive CIC Severance Plan ), Executive shall have no right to receive the payments and benefits under this Section 4(f)(iii). For purposes of the Executive CIC Severance Plan, insofar as it is applicable to Executive (x) the Release Agreement (as defined in the Executive CIC Severance Plan) shall be replaced with (and all references therein shall be deemed to refer to) the Release (as defined in this Agreement) and (y) the definitions of Cause and Good Reason (each as defined in the Executive CIC Severance Plan) shall be replaced with the definition of Cause and Good Reason (each as defined in this Agreement). 
 
 iv. Exclusive Remedy . Executive agrees that the payments contemplated by this Section 4(f) shall constitute the exclusive and sole remedy for any termination of her employment, and Executive covenants not to assert or pursue any other remedies, at law or in equity, with respect to any termination of employment provided , however , that nothing contained in this Section 4(f) shall prevent Executive from otherwise challenging in a subsequent arbitration proceeding a determination by the Company that it was entitled to terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause. 
 
 v. Termination of Payments . Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may terminate all payments and benefits owing to Executive pursuant to this Section 4(f) upon the Company s discovery of any breach or threatened breach by Executive of her obligations under the general release or Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 of this Agreement after written notice to Executive, and, if curable, providing the Executive with thirty 
 (30) days to cure. No payments shall be terminated during this cure period (if applicable). 
 
 vi. Resi g nation as Officer or Director Upon Termination . Upon termination of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever, Executive shall thereupon be deemed to have immediately resigned from any positions with the Company and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, whether as an officer, director, employee, fiduciary or otherwise. In such event, Executive shall, at the request of the Company, execute any documents reasonably required to evidence such resignations. 
 
 g. Survival of Certain Obli g ations Following Termination . Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, the provisions in Sections 5 through 11 and 14 through 22 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of Executive s employment hereunder (but shall be subject to Executive s right to receive the payments and benefits provided under this Section 4). 
 
 5. Confidential Information (i) . Except in the good-faith performance of her duties hereunder, Executive shall not disclose to any person or entity or use, any information not in the public domain, in any form, acquired by Executive while she was employed or associated with the Company or RRI or, if acquired following the termination of such association, such information which, to Executive s knowledge, has been acquired, directly or indirectly, from any person or entity owing a duty of confidentiality to the Company or RRI, relating to the Company or its business. Executive agrees and acknowledges that all of such information, in any form, and copies and extracts thereof are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and Executive shall on request return to the Company the originals and all copies of 

any such information provided to or acquired by Executive in connection with her association with the Company or RRI, and shall return to the Company all files, correspondence and or other communications received, maintained and or originated by Executive during the course of such association. 
 
 6. Covenant Not to Compete . Executive agrees that, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending twelve (12) months after the date of termination of Executive s employment with the Company (the Restrictive Period ), Executive shall not directly or indirectly, either for himself or for, with or through any other Person, own, manage, operate, control, be employed by, participate in, loan money to or be connected in any manner with, or permit her name to be used by, either (i) any business that, in the reasonable judgment of the Board, competes with the Company and its subsidiaries in the burger-focused restaurant business in (x) the United States, (y) the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, or (z) any other country, province or territory in which the Company conducts business as of the date Executive s employment terminates, or (ii) the following casual dining and brew-centric restaurant concepts (and their successors) Five Guys, Chili s, Applebee s, Ruby Tuesday, TGIFridays, Texas Roadhouse, BJ s, Yardhouse, Millers Ale House and Brickhouse Competitive Activity ). In making its judgment as to whether any business is engaged in a Competitive Activity, the Board shall act in good faith, and shall first provide Executive with a reasonable opportunity to present such information as Executive may desire for the Board s consideration. For purposes of this Agreement, the term participate includes any direct or indirect interest, whether as an officer, director, employee, partner, sole proprietor, trustee, beneficiary, agent, representative, independent contractor, consultant, advisor, provider of personal services, creditor, owner (other than by ownership of less than five percent (5 of the stock of a publicly-held corporation whose stock is traded on a national securities exchange). 
 
 7. No Interference Nondisparagement . 
 
 (a) During the Restrictive Period, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly through any other Person (i) induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or RRI at the level of Assistant Store Manager or higher in restaurant operations or the level of Director or higher at the Company s home office to leave the employ of the Company or RRI, or in any way interfere with the relationship between the Company or RRI and any employee thereof (for the sake of clarity, this clause (i) shall not be violated by virtue of general advertisements or solicitations for positions that are not targeted at employees of the Company or RRI), (ii) hire any Person who was an employee of the Company or RRI at the level of Assistant Store Manager or higher in restaurant operations or the level of Director or higher at the Company s home office within twelve months after such Person s employment with the Company or RRI was terminated for any reason or (iii) induce or attempt to induce any supplier or other business relation of the Company or RRI to cease doing business with the Company or RRI, or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such supplier or business relation and the Company or RRI. 
 
 (b) Executive agrees not to disparage the Company, any of its products or practices, or any of its directors, officers, stockholders, or affiliates (each in their capacities as such), either orally or in writing, at any time provided , however , that Executive may (A) confer in confidence with her legal representatives, (B) make truthful statements as required by law or when requested by a governmental, regulatory or similar body or entity and or (C) make truthful statements in the course of performing her duties to the Company. The Company shall instruct its current directors, and following the date of termination of Executive s employment, its current executive officers, to not disparage Executive, either orally or in writing, at any time provided , however , that the Company shall not be required to instruct its directors or executive officers to refrain from (X) conferring in confidence with their respect legal representatives, (Y) making truthful statements as required by law or when requested by a governmental, regulatory, or similar body or entity and or (Z) making truthful statements in the course of performing duties to the Company. 
 
 8. Return of Documents . In the event of the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive shall deliver to the Company all of (a) the property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and (b) non-personal documents and data of any nature and in whatever medium of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, in each case within her possession and control, and she shall not take with her any such property, documents or data or any reproduction thereof, or any documents containing or pertaining to any Confidential Information. 
 
 9. Reasonableness of Restrictions . Executive agrees that the covenants set forth in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 are reasonable with respect to their duration, geographical area, and scope. In the event that any of the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 relating to the geographic or temporal scope of the covenants contained therein or the nature of the business or activities restricted thereby shall be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to exceed the maximum restrictiveness such court deems enforceable, such provision shall be deemed to be replaced herein by the maximum restriction deemed enforceable by such court. 
 
 10. Injunctive Relief . The parties hereto agree that either party hereto would suffer irreparable harm from a breach by the other party of any of the covenants or agreements contained herein, for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, in the event of the actual or threatened breach by a party of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the other party, and in the case of the Company, its respective successors or assigns, may, in addition and supplementary to other rights and remedies existing in their favor, apply to any 

court of law or equity of competent jurisdiction for specific performance, injunctive or other relief (without the necessity of posting bond or security) in order to enforce compliance with, or prevent any violation of, the provisions hereof and that, in the event of such a breach or threat thereof by one party, the other party shall be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and or a preliminary or permanent injunction restraining the other party from engaging in activities prohibited hereby or such other relief as may be required to specifically enforce any of the covenants contained herein. 
 
 11. Extension of Restricted Periods . In addition to the remedies the Company may seek and obtain pursuant to this Agreement, the restricted periods set forth herein may be extended by any and all periods during which Executive shall be found by a court to have been in violation of the covenants contained herein. 
 
 12. Stock Ownership Requirement . While employed by the Company, Executive shall be expected to maintain ownership of common stock or stock equivalents in such amounts and on such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Company s Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines established by the Compensation Committee and in effect from time to time (the Ownership Guidelines ). Executive is expected to meet the ownership requirements set forth in the Ownership Guidelines within the time period stated in the Ownership Guidelines. In the event Executive is unable to meet her ownership requirements within the defined time period, Executive shall retain all net after-tax profit Shares following option exercise and or the vesting of restricted stock units and any other awards settled in Shares, until Executive has satisfied the requirements set forth in this Section 12. No additional liability shall apply to Executive if Executive fails to satisfy the stock ownership requirements set forth in this Section 12. For the sake of clarity, failure to satisfy the requirements set forth in this Section 12 (other than any willful breach by Executive of the obligation not to dispose of net after-tax profit Shares as contemplated above) shall not constitute Cause. 
 
 13. Definitions . As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the following respective meanings 
 
 Cause means with respect to the termination by the Company of Executive as an employee of the Company 
 
 (i) Executive s continual and deliberate gross neglect in the performance of her material duties 
 
 (ii) Executive s failure to devote substantially all of her working time to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries (other than as expressly permitted in this Agreement or by applicable state or federal law) 
 
 (iii) Executive s failure to follow the lawful directives of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer relating to her duties and responsibilities hereunder in any material respect 
 
 (iv) Executive s engaging in misconduct in connection with the performance of any of her duties, including, without limitation, falsifying or attempting to falsify documents, books or records of the Company or its subsidiaries, misappropriating or attempting to misappropriate funds or other property, or securing or attempting to secure any personal profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries 
 
 v. the violation by Executive, in any material respect, of any policy or of any code or standard of behavior or conduct generally applicable to employees of the Company or its subsidiaries 
 
 (vi) Executive s breach of the material provisions of this Agreement or any other non-competition, non-interference, non-disclosure, confidentiality or other similar agreement executed by Executive with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or other act of disloyalty to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including, without limitation, aiding a competitor or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information) or 
 
 (vii) Executive s engaging in conduct that is reasonably likely to result in material injury to the reputation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, commission of a felony, fraud, embezzlement, or other crime involving moral turpitude 
 
 provided , that a termination for Cause by the Company of any of the events described in clauses (i), (ii), (iv) and (v) above shall only be effective on ten (10) days advance written notification, providing Executive the opportunity to cure, if reasonably capable of cure within said ten (10) day period provided , however , that no such notification is required if the Cause event is not reasonably capable of cure or the Board determines that its fiduciary obligation legally requires it to effect a termination of Executive for Cause immediately. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Board may suspend with compensation Executive while it conducts a good faith inquiry of whether grounds for Cause exist. 

Disability means a physical or mental impairment which substantially limits a major life activity of Executive and which renders Executive unable to perform the essential functions of her position, even with reasonable accommodation which does not impose an undue hardship on the Company. The Company reserves the right, in good faith, to make the determination of disability under this Agreement based upon information supplied by Executive and or her medical personnel, as well as information from medical personnel (or others) selected by the Company or its insurers. Nothing in this definition is meant to waive Executive s rights under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended. 
 
 Earned has the definition of that term as it is used in the Colorado Wage and Hour Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. 8-4-101, et seq., at the time of the Effective Date. 
 
 Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without Executive s express written consent, of (i) a material reduction in Executive s compensation other than as permitted pursuant to Section 3 hereof (ii) a relocation of the Company s headquarters to a location more than twenty 
 (20) miles from the location of the Company s headquarters prior to such relocation (iii) any willful breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement or (iv) a significant reduction in the then-effective responsibilities of the Chief Legal Officer of the Company provided that Executive gives written notice to the Company of the existence of such a condition within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the condition, the Company has at least thirty 
 (30) days from the date when such notice is provided to cure the condition without being required to make payments due to termination by the Company for Good Reason (the Cure Period ), and Executive actually terminates her employment for Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Cure Period. 
 
 Person means any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 
 14. Arbitration . Except as otherwise provided herein, any controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, its enforcement or interpretation, or because of an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of its provisions, or any other controversy arising out of Executive s employment, including, but not limited to, any state or federal statutory or common law claims, shall be submitted to arbitration in Denver, Colorado, before a sole arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected from Judicial Arbiter Group, Inc., Denver, Colorado, or its successor JAG ), or if JAG is no longer able to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be selected from the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. JAMS ), or other mutually agreed upon arbitration provider, as the exclusive forum for the resolution of such dispute. 
 Provisional injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought by either party to this Agreement in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and any provisional injunctive relief granted by such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or relief which the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrator s award or decision is based. Any award or relief granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties acknowledge and agree that they are hereby waiving any rights to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties against the other in connection with any matter whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with this Agreement or Executive s employment, and under no circumstances shall class claims be processed or participated in by Executive. The parties agree that Company shall be responsible for payment of the forum costs of any arbitration hereunder, including the Arbitrator s fee. 
 Executive and the Company further agree that in any proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to its or her reasonable attorneys fees and costs incurred by it or her in connection with resolution of the dispute in addition to any other relief granted. 
 
 15. Governing Law . This Agreement and the legal relations hereby created between the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed under and in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. Executive shall submit to the venue and personal jurisdiction of the Colorado state and federal courts concerning any dispute for which judicial redress is permitted pursuant to this Agreement however the Company is not limited in seeking relief in those courts. 
 
 16. Taxes . 
 
 (a) Executive shall be solely liable for Executive s tax consequences of compensation and benefits payable under this Agreement, including any consequences of the application of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (b) In order to comply with all applicable federal or state income tax laws or regulations, the Company may withhold from any payments made under this Agreement all applicable federal, state, city or other applicable taxes. 
 
 17. Section 409A Savings Clause . 

(a) It is the intention of the parties that compensation or benefits payable under this Agreement not be subject to the additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, and this Agreement shall be interpreted accordingly. To the extent such potential payments or benefits could become subject to additional tax under such Section, the parties shall cooperate to amend this Agreement with the goal of giving Executive the economic benefits described herein in a manner that does not result in such tax being imposed. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall in no event whatsoever be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty incurred by Executive as a result of the failure of any payment or benefit to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (b) The Executive s right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments within the meaning of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). In addition, payments or benefits pursuant to Section 4(f) shall be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible as short-term deferrals pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), as involuntary separation pay pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and or under any other exemption that may be applicable, and this Agreement shall be construed accordingly. 
 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) no amount of non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code that is payable in connection with the termination of her employment shall be paid to Executive unless the termination of Executive s employment constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Department of Treasury Regulations (ii) if Executive is deemed at the time of her separation from service to be a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent that delayed commencement of any portion of the termination benefits to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement (after taking into account all exclusions applicable to such termination benefits under Section 409A) is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of Executive s termination benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of Executive s separation from service with the Company (as such term is defined in the Department of Treasury Regulations issued under Section 409A) and (B) the date of Executive s death provided , that upon the earlier of such dates, all payments deferred pursuant to the foregoing shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum, and any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein (iii) the determination of whether Executive is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code as of the time of her separation from service shall be made by the Company in accordance with the terms of Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder (including, without limitation, Section 1.409A-1(i) of the Department of Treasury Regulations and any successor provision thereto). 
 
 (d) To the extent that any reimbursement of expenses or in-kind benefits constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, such reimbursement or benefit shall be provided no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year. The amount of any in-kind benefits provided in one year shall not affect the amount of in-kind benefits provided in any other year. 
 
 18. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes and contains the entire agreement and final understanding concerning Executive s employment with the Company and the other subject matters addressed herein between the parties. It is intended by the parties as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of their agreement. It supersedes and replaces all prior negotiations and all agreements proposed or otherwise, whether written or oral, concerning the subject matter hereof. Any representation, promise or agreement not specifically included in this Agreement shall not be binding upon or enforceable against either party. This is a fully integrated agreement. 
 
 19. Amendment and Waiver . The provisions of this Agreement may be amended or waived only with the prior written consent of the Board (or a person expressly authorized thereby) and Executive, and no course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement. 
 
 20. Clawback . Executive acknowledges that any incentive compensation contemplated under this Agreement shall be subject to the Company s clawback policies, including, without limitation, any policy adopted to the extent required by applicable law or written Company policy adopted to implement the requirements of such law (including, without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd Frank Act). 
 
 21. Permitted Actions . Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Executive from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulation to or otherwise cooperating with or providing information requested by any governmental agency or entity, including, but not limited to, the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Congress, and any agency Inspector General, or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation. Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures and Executive is not required to notify the Company that Executive has made such 

reports or disclosures. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of Confidential Information that is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the Company s Confidential Information to Executive s attorney and use the Confidential Information in the court proceeding if Executive (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (B) does not disclose the Confidential Information, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 22. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Binding Effect . This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive, the Company and their respective heirs, successors and assigns, except that Executive may not assign her rights or delegate her obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Company. 
 
 (b) Notices . All notices required to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if (i) delivered personally or by documented courier or delivery service, (ii) transmitted by facsimile during normal business hours or (iii) mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested and postage prepaid) to the following listed persons at the addresses and facsimile numbers specified below, or to such other persons, addresses or facsimile numbers as a party entitled to notice shall give, in the manner hereinabove described, to the others entitled to notice 
 
 If to the Company, to 
 
 Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 10000 E. Geddes Avenue, Suite 500 
 Englewood, CO 80112 
 Attention Chief Human Resource Officer Facsimile No. 303-846-6048 
 
 If to Executive, to 
 
 Executive s last known address as reflected in the Company s records, or to such other address as Executive shall designate by written notice to the Company. 
 
 If given personally or by documented courier or delivery service, or transmitted by facsimile, a notice shall be deemed to have been given when it is received. If given by mail, it shall be deemed to have been given on the third business day following the day on which it was posted. 
 
 (c) Headings . The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for the convenience of the parties only and are not intended to be a part hereof or to affect the meaning or interpretation hereof. 
 
 (d) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (e) Construction . Each party has cooperated in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement. Hence, in any construction to be made of this Agreement, the same shall not be construed against any party on the basis that the party was the drafter. 
 
 (f) Savings Clause . If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of the Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable. Subject to the foregoing, upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent reasonably practicable. 
 
 THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date written below. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 Date 10 28 2022 s Sarah Mussetter 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 Date 11 2 2022 s Wayne Davis 
 Title SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 rrgb-20221225xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 1. Red Robin International, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
 2. Red Robin West, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
 3. Red Robin North Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
 4. Western Franchise Development, Inc., a California corporation 
 5. Red Robin Distributing Company LLC, a Nevada limited liability company 
 6. Northwest Robins, LLC, a Washington limited liability company 
 7. Red Robin Express, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 
 8. RR Bird Purchasing, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company 
 9. RRGB Restaurants Canada, Inc., a British Columbia corporation 
 10. Red Robin of Anne Arundel County, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
 11. Red Robin of Baltimore County, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
 12. Red Robin of Charles County, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
 13. Red Robin of Harford County, Inc a Maryland corporation 
 14. Red Robin of Howard County, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
 15. Red Robin of Montgomery County, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
 16. Red Robin of St. Mary s County, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
 17. Red Robin of Washington County, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company 
 18. Red Robin Frederick County, LLC, a Maryland limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 rrgb-20221225xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-267400, 333-268355, 333-268719, 333-257346, 333-238808, 333-232085, 333-218091, and 333-100458 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333 238806 on Form S 3 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 rrgb-20221225xex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-257346, 333-238808, 333-218091, 333-232085, 333-268719, 333-268355, and 333-267400) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-238806) on Form S-3 of our report dated March 3, 2021, except as to paragraph (c) of Note 1, which is as of March 10, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 rrgb-20221225xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CEO CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, GJ Hart, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 28, 2023 s GJ Hart 
 (Date) 
 GJ Hart 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 rrgb-20221225xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CFO CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Todd Wilson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 February 28, 2023 s Todd Wilson 
 (Date) 
 Todd Wilson 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 rrgb-20221225xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Written Statement 
 Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 25, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned, GJ Hart, Chief Executive Officer, and Todd Wilson, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 25, 2022 of the Company (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated 
 February 28, 2023 s GJ Hart 
 GJ Hart 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated 
 February 28, 2023 s Todd Wilson 
 Todd Wilson 
 Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and will be retained by Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 rrgb-20221225.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 rrgb-20221225_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 rrgb-20221225_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 rrgb-20221225_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 rrgb-20221225_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

