<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_19745_0001628280-23-004607.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22391143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>415285</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3095523</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8311886</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5560236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4610826</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-004607.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222171026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-004607
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000019745
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION [4923]
		IRS NUMBER:				510064146
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11590
		FILM NUMBER:		23654504

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 ENERGY LANE
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3027346799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 ENERGY LANE
		CITY:			DOVER
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-004607.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 cpk-20221231.htm
 10-K

cpk-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended: December 31, 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 
 C HESAPEAKE U TILITIES C ORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State of Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered CPK New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common shares held by non-affiliates of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the last sale price on that date, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately billion. 
 The number of shares of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's common stock outstanding as of February 17, 2023 was 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 . 

Table of Contents 

 C HESAPEAKE U TILITIES C ORPORATION 
 F ORM 10-K 
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Part I 
 1 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2. Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 Part II 
 24 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 101 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 103 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 103 
 Part III 
 103 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance 
 103 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 103 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 103 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 103 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 103 
 Part IV 
 103 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 109 
 Signatures 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 G LOSSARY OF D EFINITIONS 
 ASC: Accounting Standards Codification issued by the FASB 
 Adjusted Gross Margin: a non-GAAP measure calculated by deducting the purchased cost of natural gas, propane and electricity and the cost of labor spent on direct revenue-producing activities from operating revenues. The costs included in Adjusted Gross Margin exclude depreciation and amortization and certain costs presented in operations and maintenance expenses in accordance with regulatory requirements 
 Aspire Energy: Aspire Energy of Ohio, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 Aspire Energy Express : Aspire Energy Express, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 ASU: Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB 
 ATM : At-the-market 
 CARES Act: Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 
 CDC: U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 
 CDD: Cooling Degree-Day 
 CFG: Central Florida Gas Company, a division of Chesapeake Utilities 
 Chesapeake or Chesapeake Utilities: Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, its divisions and subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context of the disclosure 
 CHP: Combined Heat and Power Plant 
 Company: Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, its divisions and subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context of the disclosure 
 COVID-19: An infectious disease caused by a coronavirus 
 CNG: Compressed natural gas 
 Davenport Energy: An entity from whom we acquired certain propane operating assets in North Carolina. 
 Degree-day: Measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature (from 10:00 am to 10:00 am) falls above (CDD) or below (HDD) 65 degrees Fahrenheit 
 Delmarva Peninsula: A peninsula on the east coast of the U.S. occupied by Delaware and portions of Maryland and Virginia 
 Diversified Energy: Diversified Energy Company an entity from whom we acquired certain propane operating assets in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and Pennsylvania 
 DRIP: Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan 
 Dt(s): Dekatherm(s), which is a natural gas unit of measurement that includes a standard measure for heating value 
 Dts/d: Dekatherms per day 
 Eastern Shore: Eastern Shore Natural Gas Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 Eight Flags: Eight Flags Energy, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 
 Elkton Gas : Elkton Gas Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 
 Escambia Meter Station: A natural gas metering station owned by Peninsula Pipeline Company located in Escambia County, 
 Florida 
 
 ESG: Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board 

Table of Contents 

 FERC: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 FGT: Florida Gas Transmission Company 
 Florida OPC : The Office of Public Counsel, an agency established by the Florida legislature who advocates on behalf of Florida's utility consumers prior to actions or rule changes 
 FPU: Florida Public Utilities Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 GAAP: Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
 Guernsey Power Station: Guernsey Power Station, LLC, a partner with Aspire Energy Express in the construction of a power generation facility in Ohio 
 GRIP: Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program 
 Gross Margin: a term under U.S. GAAP which is the excess of sales over costs of goods sold 
 Gulfstream: Gulfstream Natural Gas System, LLC, an unaffiliated pipeline network that supplies natural gas to FPU 
 HDD: Heating Degree-Day 
 LNG: Liquefied Natural Gas 
 Marlin Gas Services: Marlin Gas Services, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 MetLife: MetLife Investment Advisors, an institutional debt investment management firm, with which we have previously issued Senior Notes and which is a party to the current MetLife Shelf Agreement, as amended 
 MGP: Manufactured gas plant, which is a site where coal was previously used to manufacture gaseous fuel for industrial, commercial and residential use 
 MW: Megawatt, which is a unit of measurement for electric power or capacity 
 NOL: Net operating losses 
 Peninsula Pipeline: Peninsula Pipeline Company, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 Peoples Gas: Peoples Gas System, an Emera Incorporated subsidiary 
 Prudential: Prudential Investment Management Inc., an institutional investment management firm, with which we have previously issued Senior Notes and which is a party to the current Prudential Shelf Agreement, as amended 
 PSC: Public Service Commission, which is the state agency that regulates utility rates and/or services in certain of our jurisdictions 
 Revolver: Our 400.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with certain lenders 
 RNG: Renewable natural gas 
 Sandpiper Energy: Sandpiper Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 SEC: Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Senior Notes : Our unsecured long-term debt issued primarily to insurance companies on various dates 
 Sharp: Sharp Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities 
 Shelf Agreement: An agreement entered into by Chesapeake Utilities and a counterparty pursuant to which Chesapeake Utilities may request that the counterparty purchase our unsecured senior debt with a fixed interest rate and a maturity date not to exceed 20 years from the date of issuance 
 Shelf Notes: Unsecured senior promissory notes issuable under the Shelf Agreement executed with various counterparties 
 SICP: 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 SOFR: Secured Overnight Financing Rate, a secured interbank overnight interest rate established as an alternative to LIBOR 

Table of Contents 

 TCJA: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017 
 TETLP: Texas Eastern Transmission, LP, an interstate pipeline interconnected with Eastern Shore's pipeline 
 Transco : Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Uncollateralized Senior Notes: Our unsecured long-term debt issued primarily to insurance companies on various dates 
 U.S.: The United States of America 

Table of Contents 

 P ART I 
 References in this document to Chesapeake, Chesapeake Utilities, the Company, we, us and our mean Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, its divisions and/or its subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context of the disclosure. 
 Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements 
 We make statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. One can typically identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words, such as project, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, estimate, continue, potential, forecast or other similar words, or future or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would or could. These statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future financial performance, business strategy, projected plans and objectives of the Company. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made or as of the date indicated and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risk factors described under Item 1A, Risk Factors , the following important factors, among others, could cause actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: 
 state and federal legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rate structures, and affect the speed and the degree to which competition enters the electric and natural gas industries; 
 the outcomes of regulatory, environmental and legal matters, including whether pending matters are resolved within current estimates and whether the related costs are adequately covered by insurance or recoverable in rates; 
 the impact of climate change, including the impact of greenhouse gas emissions or other legislation or regulations intended to address climate change; 
 the impact of significant changes to current tax regulations and rates; 
 the timing of certification authorizations associated with new capital projects and the ability to construct facilities at or below estimated costs, and within estimated timeframes; 
 changes in environmental and other laws and regulations to which we are subject and environmental conditions of property that we now, or may in the future, own or operate; 
 possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations; 
 the inherent hazards and risks involved in transporting and distributing natural gas, electricity and propane; 
 the economy in our service territories or markets, the nation, and worldwide, including the impact of economic conditions (which we do not control) on demand for natural gas, electricity, propane or other fuels; 
 risks related to cyber-attacks or cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations or result in failure of information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or Company information; 
 adverse weather conditions, including the effects of hurricanes, ice storms and other damaging weather events; 
 customers' preferred energy sources; 
 industrial, commercial and residential growth or contraction in our markets or service territories; 
 the effect of competition on our businesses from other energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy; 
 the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices and interest rates; 
 the effect of spot, forward and future market prices on our various energy businesses; 
 the extent of our success in connecting natural gas and electric supplies to our transmission systems, establishing and maintaining key supply sources, and expanding natural gas and electric markets; 
 the creditworthiness of counterparties with which we are engaged in transactions; 
 the capital-intensive nature of our regulated energy businesses; 
 our ability to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy, including our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, which can be affected by various factors, including credit ratings and general economic conditions; 
 the ability to successfully execute, manage and integrate a merger, acquisition or divestiture of assets or businesses and the related regulatory or other conditions associated with the merger, acquisition or divestiture; 
 the impact on our costs and funding obligations, under our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, of potential downturns in the financial markets, lower discount rates, and costs associated with health care legislation and regulation; 
 the ability to continue to hire, train and retain appropriately qualified personnel; 
 the availability of, and competition for, qualified personnel supporting our natural gas, electricity and propane businesses; 
 the effect of accounting pronouncements issued periodically by accounting standard-setting bodies; and 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 1 

Table of Contents 

 the impacts associated with a pandemic, including the duration and scope of the pandemic the corresponding impact on our supply chains, our personnel, our contract counterparties, general economic conditions and growth, the financial markets and any costs to comply with governmental mandates. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 2 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 1. Business. 
 Corporate Overview and Strategy 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation is a Delaware corporation formed in 1947 with operations primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Ohio. We are an energy delivery company engaged in the distribution of natural gas, electricity and propane; the transmission of natural gas; the generation of electricity and steam, and in providing related services to our customers. Our strategy is focused on growing earnings from a stable regulated energy delivery foundation and investing in related businesses and services that provide opportunities for returns greater than traditional utility returns. We seek to identify and develop opportunities across the energy value chain, with emphasis on midstream and downstream investments that are accretive to earnings per share, consistent with our long-term growth strategy and create opportunities to continue our record of top tier returns on equity relative to our peer group. The Company s growth strategy includes the continued investment and expansion of the Company s regulated operations that provide a stable base of earnings, as well as investments in other related non-regulated businesses and services including sustainable energy initiatives. By investing in these related business and services, the Company creates opportunities to sustain its track record of higher returns, as compared to a traditional utility. 
 Currently, the Company s growth strategy is focused on the following platforms, including: 
 Optimizing the earnings growth in our existing businesses, which includes organic growth, territory expansions, and new products and services as well as increased opportunities to transform the Company with a focus on people, process, technology and organizational structure. 
 Identification and pursuit of additional pipeline expansions, including new interstate and intrastate transmission projects. 
 Growth of Marlin Gas Services CNG transport business and expansion into LNG and RNG transport services as well as methane capture. 
 Identifying and undertaking additional strategic propane acquisitions that provide a larger foundation in current markets and expand our brand and presence into new strategic growth markets. 
 Pursuit of growth opportunities that enable us to utilize our integrated set of energy delivery businesses to participate in sustainable energy opportunities. 
 
 Operating Segments 
 We conduct operations within two reportable segments: Regulated Energy and Unregulated Energy. The remainder of our operations is presented as Other businesses and eliminations." These segments are described below in detail. 
 
 Regulated Energy 
 
 Overview 
 Our regulated energy businesses are comprised of natural gas and electric distribution, as well as natural gas transmission services. The following table presents net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and total assets as of December 31, 2022, by operation and area served: 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 3 

Table of Contents 

 Operations Areas Served Net Income Total Assets (in thousands) Natural Gas Distribution Delmarva Natural Gas (1) 
 Delaware/Maryland 12,930 387,045 Florida Natural Gas (2) 
 Florida 19,162 507,798 Natural Gas Transmission Eastern Shore Delaware/Maryland/ Pennsylvania 23,222 477,905 Peninsula Pipeline Florida 10,372 142,702 Aspire Energy Express Ohio 439 7,235 Electric Distribution FPU Florida 3,951 193,570 Total Regulated Energy 70,076 1,716,255 
 (1) Delmarva Natural Gas consists of Delaware division, Maryland division, Sandpiper Energy and Elkton Gas. 
 (2) Florida Natural Gas consists of Chesapeake Utilities CFG Division and FPU, and FPU's Ft. Meade and Indiantown divisions. 
 
 Revenues in the Regulated Energy segment are based on rates regulated by the PSC in the states in which we operate or, in the case of Eastern Shore, which is an interstate business, by the FERC. The rates are designed to generate revenues to recover all prudent operating and financing costs and provide a reasonable return for our stockholders. Each of our distribution and transmission operations has a rate base, which generally consists of the original cost of the operation's plant (less accumulated depreciation), working capital and other assets. For Delmarva Natural Gas and Eastern Shore, rate base also includes deferred income tax liabilities and other additions or deductions. Our Regulated Energy operations in Florida do not include deferred income tax liabilities in their rate base. 
 
 Our natural gas and electric distribution operations bill customers at standard rates approved by their respective state PSC. Each state PSC allows us to negotiate rates, based on approved methodologies, for large customers that can switch to other fuels. Some of our customers in Maryland receive propane through underground distribution systems in Worcester County. We bill these customers under PSC-approved rates and include them in the natural gas distribution results and customer statistics. 
 
 Our natural gas and electric distribution operations earn profits on the delivery of natural gas or electricity to customers. The cost of natural gas or electricity that we deliver is passed through to customers under PSC-approved fuel cost recovery mechanisms. The mechanisms allow us to adjust our rates on an ongoing basis without filing a rate case to recover changes in the cost of the natural gas and electricity that we purchase for customers. Therefore, while our distribution operating revenues fluctuate with the cost of natural gas or electricity we purchase, our distribution adjusted gross margin is generally not impacted by fluctuations in the cost of natural gas or electricity. 
 
 Our natural gas transmission operations bill customers under rate schedules approved by the FERC or at rates negotiated with customers. 
 
 Operational Highlights 
 
 The following table presents operating revenues, volumes and the average number of customers by customer class for our natural gas and electric distribution operations for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 4 

Table of Contents 

 Delmarva 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 Florida 
 Natural Gas Distribution (2) 
 FPU Electric Distribution Operating Revenues (in thousands) 
 Residential 83,373 60 46,824 30 38,954 48 Commercial 40,912 29 38,714 25 37,524 46 Industrial 12,171 9 59,704 38 2,586 3 Other (1) 
 2,803 2 10,628 7 2,650 3 Total Operating Revenues 139,259 100 155,870 100 81,714 100 Volumes (in Dts for natural gas/MW Hours for electric) 
 Residential 4,645,336 30 2,086,597 5 305,593 48 Commercial 4,167,454 27 6,453,918 15 304,816 48 Industrial 6,234,637 41 31,448,883 72 20,969 3 Other 307,397 2 3,418,788 8 5,978 1 Total Volumes 15,354,824 100 43,408,186 100 637,356 100 Average Number of Customers (3) 
 Residential 92,694 92 85,074 91 25,516 78 Commercial 7,906 8 5,728 6 7,349 22 Industrial 215 
 The following table presents operating revenues, by customer type, for Eastern Shore and Peninsula Pipeline for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as contracted firm transportation capacity by customer type, and design day capacity at December 31, 2022. Aspire Energy Express has been excluded from the table below and had operating revenue of 1.4 million and firm transportation capacity of 300,000 Dts/d for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Eastern Shore Peninsula Pipeline Operating Revenues (in thousands) 
 Local distribution companies - affiliated (1) 
 32,458 41 23,669 87 Local distribution companies - non-affiliated 22,943 29 840 3 Commercial and industrial - affiliated 1,120 4 Commercial and industrial - non-affiliated 23,213 30 264 1 Other (2) 
 10 Table of Contents 

 Regulatory Overview 
 The following table highlights key regulatory information for each of our principal Regulated Energy operations. Peninsula Pipeline and Aspire Energy Express are not regulated with regard to cost of service by either the Florida PSC or Ohio PUC respectively, or FERC and are therefore excluded from the table. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (Note 18, Rates and Other Regulatory Activities, in the consolidated financial statements) for further discussion on the impact of this legislation on our regulated businesses. 
 Natural Gas Distribution Delmarva Florida Electric Distribution Natural Gas Transmission Operation/Division Delaware Maryland Sandpiper Elkton Gas (7) 
 Chesapeake's CFG division FPU FPU Eastern Shore Regulatory Agency Delaware PSC Maryland PSC Florida PSC FERC Effective date - Last Rate Order 01/01/2017 
 12/1/2007 12/01/2019 02/07/2019 01/14/2010 01/14/2010 (1) 
 10/8/2020 08/01/2017 Rate Base (in Rates) (in Millions) Not stated 
 Not stated Not stated Not stated 46.7 68.9 24.9 Not stated Annual Rate Increase Approved (in Millions) 2.3 0.6 N/A (2) 
 0.1 2.5 8.0 3.4 base rate and 7.7 from storm surcharge 9.8 Capital Structure (in rates) (3) 
 Not stated 
 LTD: 42 STD: 5 Equity: 53 Not stated 
 LTD: 50 Equity: 50 LTD: 31 STD: 6 Equity: 43 Other: 20 LTD: 31 Equity: 47 Other: 22 LTD: 22 STD: 23 Equity: 55 Not stated 
 Allowed Return on Equity 9.75 (4) 
 10.75 (4) 
 Not stated (5) 
 9.80 10.80 (4) 
 10.85 (4) 
 10.25 (4), (6) 
 Not stated 
 TJCA Refund Status associated with customer rates Refunded 
 Refunded 
 Refunded N/A Retained 
 Retained 
 Refunded 
 Refunded 
 
 (1) The effective date of the order approving the settlement agreement, which adjusted the rates originally approved on June 4, 2009. 
 (2) The Maryland PSC approved a declining return on equity that will result in a decline in our rates. 
 (3) Other components of capital structure include customer deposits, deferred income taxes and tax credits. 
 (4) Allowed after-tax return on equity. 
 (5) The terms of the agreement include revenue neutral rates for the first year (December 1, 2016 through November 30, 2017), followed by a schedule of rate reductions in subsequent years based upon the projected rate of propane to natural gas conversions. 
 (6) The terms of the settlement agreement for the FPU electric division limited proceeding with the Florida PSC prescribed an authorized return on equity range of 9.25 to 11.25 percent, with a mid-point of 10.25 percent. 
 (7) The rate increase and allowed return on equity for Elkton Gas were approved by the Maryland PSC before we acquired the company. 
 LTD-Long-term debt; STD-Short-term debt. 
 
 In May 2022, our natural gas distribution businesses in Florida (FPU, FPU-Indiantown division, FPU-Fort Meade division and Chesapeake Utilities CFG division, collectively, Florida natural gas distribution businesses filed a consolidated natural gas rate case with the Florida PSC. The application included a request for the following: (i) permanent rate relief of approximately 24.1 million, effective January 1, 2023; (ii) a depreciation study also submitted with the filing; (iii) authorization to make certain changes to tariffs to include the consolidation of rates and rate structure across the businesses and to unify the Florida natural gas distribution businesses under FPU; (iv) authorization to retain the acquisition adjustment recorded at the time of the FPU merger in our revenue requirement; and (v) authorization to establish an environmental remediation surcharge for the purposes of addressing future expected remediation costs for FPU MGP sites. In August 2022, interim rates were approved by the Florida PSC in the amount of approximately 7.7 million on an annualized basis, effective for all meter readings in September 2022. The discovery process and subsequent hearings were concluded during the fourth quarter of 2022 and briefs were submitted in the same quarter of 2022. In January 2023, the Florida PSC approved the application for consolidation and permanent rate relief of approximately 17.2 million on an annual basis. Actual rates in connection with the rate relief were approved by the Florida PSC in February 2023 with an effective date of March 1, 2023. 
 
 The following table presents surcharge and other mechanisms that have been approved by the respective PSC for our regulated energy distribution businesses. These include Delaware surcharges to expand natural gas service in its service territory as well as for the conversion of propane distribution systems to natural gas, Maryland s surcharges to fund natural gas conversions and system improvements in Worcester County, Elkton's STRIDE plan for accelerated pipeline replacement for older portions of the natural gas distribution system, Florida s GRIP surcharge which provides accelerated recovery of the 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 6 

Table of Contents 

 costs of replacing older portions of the natural gas distribution system to improve safety and reliability and the Florida electric distribution operation's limited proceeding which allowed recovery of storm-related costs . 
 Operation(s)/Division(s) Jurisdiction Infrastructure mechanism 
 Revenue normalization 
 Delaware division Delaware Yes No Maryland division Maryland No Yes Sandpiper Energy Maryland Yes Yes Elkton Gas Maryland Yes Yes FPU and CFG natural gas divisions Florida Yes No FPU electric division Florida Yes No 
 Weather 
 Weather variations directly influence the volume of natural gas and electricity sold and delivered to residential and commercial customers for heating and cooling and changes in volumes delivered impact the revenue generated from these customers. Natural gas volumes are highest during the winter months, when residential and commercial customers use more natural gas for heating. Demand for electricity is highest during the summer months, when more electricity is used for cooling. We measure the relative impact of weather using degree-days. A degree-day is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls above or below 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Each degree of temperature below 65 degrees Fahrenheit is counted as one heating degree-day, and each degree of temperature above 65 degrees Fahrenheit is counted as one cooling degree-day. Normal heating and cooling degree-days are based on the most recent 10-year average. 
 Competition 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 While our natural gas distribution operations do not compete directly with other distributors of natural gas for residential and commercial customers in our service areas, we do compete with other natural gas suppliers and alternative fuel providers for sales to industrial customers. Large customers could bypass our natural gas distribution systems and connect directly to intrastate or interstate transmission pipelines, and we compete in all aspects of our natural gas business with alternative energy sources, including electricity, oil, propane and renewables. The most effective means to compete against alternative fuels are lower prices, superior reliability and flexibility of service. Natural gas historically has maintained a price advantage in the residential, commercial and industrial markets, and reliability of natural gas supply and service has been excellent. In addition, we provide flexible pricing to our large customers to minimize fuel switching and protect these volumes and their contributions to the profitability of our natural gas distribution operations. 
 Natural Gas Transmission 
 Our natural gas transmission business competes with other interstate and intrastate pipeline companies to provide service to large industrial, generation and distribution customers, primarily in the northern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula and in Florida. Our transmission business in Ohio, Aspire Energy Express, services one customer, Guernsey Power Station, to which it is the sole supplier. 
 Electric Distribution 
 While our electric distribution operations do not compete directly with other distributors of electricity for residential and commercial customers in our service areas, we do compete with other electricity suppliers and alternative fuel providers for sales to industrial customers. Some of our large industrial customers may be capable of generating their own electricity, and we structure rates, service offerings and flexibility to retain these customers in order to retain their business and contributions to the profitability of our electric distribution operations. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 7 

Table of Contents 

 Supplies, Transmission and Storage 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 Our natural gas distribution operations purchase natural gas from marketers and producers and maintain contracts for transportation and storage with several interstate pipeline companies to meet projected customer demand requirements. We believe that our supply and capacity strategy will adequately meet our customers needs over the next several years and we will continue to adapt our supply strategy to meet projected growth in customer demand within our service territories. 
 The Delmarva natural gas distribution systems are directly connected to Eastern Shore s pipeline, which has connections to other pipelines that provide us with transportation and storage. These operations can also use propane-air and liquefied natural gas peak-shaving equipment to serve customers. Our Delmarva Peninsula natural gas distribution operations maintain asset management agreements with a third party to manage their natural gas transportation and storage capacity. The agreements were effective as of April 1, 2020 and currently expire on March 31, 2023. Our Delmarva operations receive a fee, which we share with our customers, from the asset manager, who optimizes the transportation, storage and natural gas supply for these operations. 
 Our Florida natural gas distribution operation uses Peninsula Pipeline and Peoples Gas to transport natural gas where there is no direct connection with FGT. FPU natural gas distribution and Eight Flags entered into separate 10-year asset management agreements with Emera Energy Services, Inc. to manage their natural gas transportation capacity, each of which expires in November 2030. An agreement with Florida Southeast Connection LLC for additional service to Palm Beach County is also in place for an initial term through December 2044. 
 A summary of our pipeline capacity contracts follows: 
 Maximum Daily Firm Transportation Capacity (Dts) Contract Expiration Date Division Pipeline Delmarva Natural Gas Distribution Eastern Shore 154,379 2023-2035 Columbia Gas (1) 
 5,246 2023-2024 Transco (1) 
 30,419 2023-2028 TETLP (1) 
 50,000 2027 Florida Natural Gas Distribution Gulfstream (2) 
 10,000 2032 FGT 47,409 - 78,817 2025-2041 Peninsula Pipeline 337,200 2033-2048 Peoples Gas 12,160 2024 Florida Southeast Connection LLC 5,000 2044 Southern Natural Gas Company 1,500 2029 
 (1) Transco, Columbia Gas and TETLP are interstate pipelines interconnected with Eastern Shore's pipeline 
 (2) Pursuant to a capacity release program approved by the Florida PSC, all of the capacity under this agreement has been released to various third parties. Under the terms of these capacity release agreements, Chesapeake Utilities is contingently liable to Gulfstream should any party, that acquired the capacity through release, fail to pay the capacity charge. 
 Eastern Shore has three agreements with Transco for a total of 7,292 Dts/d of firm daily storage injection and withdrawal entitlements and total storage capacity of 288,003 Dts. These agreements expire in March 2028. Eastern Shore retains these firm storage services in order to provide swing transportation service and firm storage service to customers requesting such services. 
 Aspire Energy Express, our Ohio intrastate pipeline subsidiary, entered into a precedent agreement to provide natural gas transportation capacity to Guernsey Power Station, who has completed construction of its power generation facility in Guernsey County Ohio in January 2023. Aspire Energy Express completed construction of the gas transmission facilities in the fourth quarter of 2021 and began billing for transportation services in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 8 

Table of Contents 

Electric Distribution 
 Our Florida electric distribution operation purchases wholesale electricity under the power supply contracts summarized below: Area Served by Contract Counterparty Contracted Amount (MW) Contract Expiration Date Northwest Florida Gulf Power Company Full Requirement 2026 Northeast Florida Florida Power Light Company 
 Full Requirement 2026 Northeast Florida Eight Flags 21 2036 Northeast Florida Rayonier 1.7 to 3.0 2036 Northeast Florida WestRock Company As-available N/A 
 The counter party is obligated to provide us with the electricity to meet our customers demand, which may vary. 
 Unregulated Energy 
 
 Overview 
 The following table presents net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and total assets as of December 31, 2022, for our Unregulated Energy segment by operation and area served: 
 Operations Area Served Net Income (Loss) Total Assets (in thousands) Propane Operations (Sharp, Diversified Energy, FPU and Flo-gas) Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida 13,791 190,298 Energy Transmission (Aspire Energy) Ohio 2,610 147,068 Energy Generation (Eight Flags) Florida 1,817 36,945 Marlin Gas Services The Entire U.S. 716 60,805 Renewable Energy Investments Delaware, Maryland, Florida (729) 27,450 Total 18,205 462,566 
 
 Propane Operations 
 Our propane operations sell propane to residential, commercial/industrial, wholesale and AutoGas customers, in the Mid-Atlantic region, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida, through Sharp Energy, Inc., Sharpgas, Inc., Diversified Energy, FPU and Flo-gas. We deliver to and bill our propane customers based on two primary customer types: bulk delivery customers and metered customers. Bulk delivery customers receive deliveries into tanks at their location. We invoice and record revenues for these customers at the time of delivery. Metered customers are either part of an underground propane distribution system or have a meter installed on the tank at their location. We invoice and recognize revenue for these customers based on their consumption as dictated by scheduled meter reads. As a member of AutoGas Alliance, we install and support propane vehicle conversion systems for vehicle fleets and provide on-site fueling infrastructure. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 9 

Table of Contents 

 Propane Operations - Operational Highlights 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating revenues, volumes sold and average number of customers by customer class for our propane operations were as follows: 
 Operating Revenues 
 (in thousands) (2) 
 Volumes 
 (in thousands of gallons) (2) 
 Average Number of Customers (1)(2) 
 Residential bulk 54,439 29 17,556 22 58,320 71 Residential metered 18,300 10 5,491 7 16,072 19 Commercial bulk 49,922 27 24,543 30 8,050 10 Commercial metered 1,916 1 586 1 210 Table of Contents 

 For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, Aspire Energy's operating revenues and deliveries by customer type were as follows: 
 Operating revenues Deliveries (in thousands) of Total (in thousands Dts) of Total Supply to Columbia Gas of Ohio 20,812 37 2,543 40 Supply to CGC 20,748 37 1,914 30 Supply to Marketers - unaffiliated 11,833 21 1,864 29 Other (including natural gas gathering and processing) 2,832 5 82 1 Total 56,225 100 6,403 100 
 Energy Generation (Eight Flags) 
 Eight Flags generates electricity and steam at its CHP plant located on Amelia Island, Florida. The plant is powered by natural gas transported by Peninsula Pipeline and our Florida natural gas distribution operation and produces approximately 21 MW of electricity and 75,000 pounds per hour of steam. Eight Flags sells the electricity generated from the plant to our Florida electric distribution operation and sells the steam to the customer who owns the site on which the plant is located both under separate 20-year contracts. 
 Marlin Gas Services 
 Marlin Gas Services is a supplier of mobile CNG and virtual pipeline solutions, primarily to utilities and pipelines. Marlin Gas Services provides temporary hold services, pipeline integrity services, emergency services for damaged pipelines and specialized gas services for customers who have unique requirements. These services are provided by a highly trained staff of drivers and maintenance technicians who safely perform these functions throughout the United States. Marlin Gas Services maintains a fleet of CNG trailers, mobile compression equipment, LNG tankers and vaporizers, and an internally developed patented regulator system which allows for delivery of over 7,000 Dts/d of natural gas. Marlin Gas Services continues to actively expand the territories it serves, as well as leveraging its fleet of equipment and patented technologies to serve LNG and RNG market needs. 
 
 Renewable Energy Investments 
 
 Our renewable energy investments are comprised primarily of our sustainable energy initiatives that are in various stages of development. Included in these are the assets and intellectual property of Planet Found that we acquired during the fourth quarter of 2022, whose farm scale anaerobic digestion pilot system and technology produces biogas from poultry litter which can be used to create renewable energy in the form of electricity or upgraded to renewable natural gas. 
 Environmental Matters 
 See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 19 , Environmental Commitments and Contingencies, in the consolidated financial statements). 
 Human Capital Initiatives 
 Our success is the direct result of our employees and our strong culture that fully engages our team and promotes equity, diversity, inclusion, integrity, accountability and reliability. We believe that a combination of diverse team members and an inclusive culture contributes to the success of our Company and to enhanced societal advancement. Each employee is a valued member of our team bringing a diverse perspective to help grow our business and achieve our goals. Our tradition of serving employees, customers, investors, partners and communities is at the core of our culture. Among the ongoing initiatives across our enterprise, we highlight below the importance of our team, our culture of safety, and our environmental, social and governance stewardship. 
 
 Our Team Drives Our Performance 
 Our employees are the key to our success. Our leadership and human resources teams are responsible for attracting and retaining top talent.Our senior management team includes a Chief Human Resources Officer, with expertise in diverse candidate recruitment, to ensure that we continue to expand our candidate pools to better reflect the diverse demographics of the communities we serve. Furthermore, during 2022, we appointed a Chief Diversity Officer who has direct oversight for the 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 11 

Table of Contents 

 Company's equity, diversity and inclusion ("EDI") strategy and collaborates across the organization with the teams responsible for the enterprise-wide ESG plan. 
 
 Throughout our organization, we seek to promote from within, reviewing strategic positions regularly and identifying potential internal candidates to fill those positions, evaluating critical job skill sets to identify competency gaps and creating developmental plans to facilitate employee professional growth. We provide training and development programs as well as tuition reimbursement to promote continued professional growth. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,034 employees, 105 of whom are union employees represented by two labor unions: the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and the United Food and Commercial Workers Union. The collective bargaining agreements with these labor unions expire in 2025. We consider our relationships with employees, including those covered by collective bargaining agreements, to be in good standing. We provide a competitive Total Rewards package for our employees including health insurance coverage, wellness initiatives, retirement savings benefits, paid time off, employee assistance programs, educational and tuition reimbursement, competitive pay, career growth oppo rtunities, paid volunteer time, and a culture of recognition. In 2023, the Company was recognized as a Top Workplaces USA award recipient among mid-sized companies for the third consecutive year. This follows being named a Top Workplace in Delaware for the tenth consecutive year in 2021, and being named a Top Workplace in Central Florida in 2019 and 2021. These honors were based entirely on feedback from employees who were surveyed by the research firm Energage . These recognitions are a testament to our employees commitment to excellence. Our employees are the backbone of our continued growth and success. 
 
 We have an established EDI Council which recommends and promotes our EDI strategy, advises our employee resource groups ERGs and works with our operating units and support teams on EDI initiatives. The EDI Council s charter includes the following objectives: 
 
 Build a more diverse and inclusive workforce 
 Promote a culture of understanding, equality and inclusion 
 Educate employees about the benefits of diversity at Chesapeake Utilities 
 Support community programs and organizations that are diverse and inclusive 
 Provide guidance on EDI matters for the Company 
 
 The Chesapeake Utilities EDI Council includes members of our leadership team, the chairs of each of our ERGs and other individuals in key support roles. The CEO receives a regular report on the achievements of the EDI Council, strategic direction of initiatives, resource needs and issues that require policy decisions or other actions. 
 
 Our first ERG was established in 2019, and at December 31, 2022, there were eight active ERGs meeting throughout the Company. ERGs are voluntary, employee-led groups that focus on shared identities, affinities and experiences and seek to apply those perspectives to initiatives that create value throughout the Company. The ERGs support the members' personal growth and professional development, and help develop learning programs and community service opportunities throughout the Company. ERGs also help foster a sense of belonging by creating a deep and intentional community that extends beyond an employee s day-to-day team and colleagues into a companywide network. 
 
 Workplace Health and Safety 
 We believe that there is nothing more important than the safety of our team, our customers and our communities. We are committed to ensuring safety is at the center of our culture and the way we do business. The importance of safety is exhibited throughout the entire organization, with the direction and tone set by both our Board and our President and CEO, and evidenced through required attendance at monthly safety meetings, routine safety training and the inclusion of safety moments at key team meetings. Additionally, while most restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been lifted in the United States, we remain committed to providing products and services to our customers in a safe and reliable manner, and will continue to do so in compliance with any mandated restrictions in each of the markets we serve. 
 
 To maintain safety as a priority, our employees remain committed and work together to ensure that our plans, programs, policies and behaviors are aligned with our aspirations as a Company. The achievement of superior safety performance is both an important short-term and long-term strategic initiative in managing our operations. In November 2020, we announced the completion of our state-of-the art training facility in Dover, Delaware. Safety Town now serves as a resource for training our employees who build, maintain and operate our natural gas infrastructure, offering hands-on training and fully immersive, on-the-job field experiences. First responders and other community partners also benefit from the simulated 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 12 

Table of Contents 

 environment and conditions they could encounter as they enter homes in the community. We are excited to start construction of a second Safety Town facility in Florida in 2023. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Stewardship 
 Consistent with our culture of teamwork, the broad responsibility of ESG stewardship is supported across our organization by the dedication and efforts of our Board of Directors and its Committees, as well as the entrepreneurship and dedication of our team. As stewards of long-term enterprise value, the Board of Directors is committed to overseeing the sustainability of the Company its environmental stewardship initiatives, its safety and operational compliance practices, and to promoting equity, diversity and inclusion that reflects the diverse communities we serve. In 2022, Chesapeake Utilities established its ESG Committee, which brings together a cross-functional team of leaders across the organization responsible for identifying, assessing, executing and advancing the Company's strategic ESG initiatives. Additionally, we developed an Environmental Sustainability Office in 2022, which identifies and manages emission-reducing projects both internally, as well as those that support our customers' sustainability goals. Throughout the year, Chesapeake Utilities drove numerous initiatives to enhance its ESG program: 
 
 Environmental: 
 Successfully completed pilot test of hydrogen and natural gas blend to fuel the Company s Eight Flags CHP facility 
 Opened the Company s first CNG fueling station near the Port of Savannah, capable of distributing RNG for fleet vehicles 
 Acquired Planet Found Energy Development, a farm-scale anaerobic digestion system producing biogas from poultry waste which can be converted to renewable natural gas 
 Social: 
 Appointed a Chief Diversity Officer 
 Provided donations to multiple charitable organizations aiding in the recovery efforts across Florida following Hurricane Ian, one of the strongest and most devastating storms to hit the state 
 Unveiled Chesapeake Wellness, a free, digital service provided to all employees which includes key resources for building and sustaining healthy physical, mental and financial habits 
 Governance: 
 Increased transparency with the enhancement of our director skills matrix in the 2022 Proxy Statement 
 Appointed Stephanie N. Gary and Sheree M. Petrone to serve as members of the Company's Board of Directors 
 Recognized with "Best Corporate Governance in the U.S. for 2022" by World Finance magazine 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 13 

Table of Contents 

 Information About Executive Officers 
 Set forth below are the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers with their recent business experience. The age of each officer is as of the filing date of this Annual Report. 
 Name Age Executive Officer Since Offices Held During the Past Five Years Jeffry M. Householder 65 2010 President (January 2019 - present) Chief Executive Officer (January 2019 - present) Director (January 2019 - present) President of FPU (June 2010 - February 2019) Beth W. Cooper 56 2005 Executive Vice President (February 2019 - present) Chief Financial Officer (September 2008 - present) Senior Vice President (September 2008 - February 2019) Treasurer (January 2022 - present) Assistant Corporate Secretary (March 2015 - present) James F. Moriarty 65 2015 Executive Vice President (February 2019 - present) General Counsel Corporate Secretary (March 2015 - present) Chief Policy and Risk Officer (February 2019 - present) Senior Vice President (February 2017 - February 2019) Vice President (March 2015 - February 2017) Kevin J. Webber 64 2010 Chief Development Officer (January 2022 - present) Senior Vice President (February 2019 - present) President FPU (February 2019 - December 2019) Vice President Gas Operations and Business Development Florida Business Units (July 2010 - February 2019) Jeffrey S. Sylvester 53 2019 Chief Operating Officer (January 2022 - present) 
 Senior Vice President (December 2019 - present) Vice President Black Hills Energy (October 2012 - December 2019) 
 
 Available Information on Corporate Governance Documents 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other reports and amendments to these reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC at their website, www.sec.gov , are also available free of charge at our website, www.chpk.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these reports with, or furnish these reports to the SEC. The content of this website is not part of this Annual Report. 
 
 In addition, the following documents are available free of charge on our website, www.chpk.com : 
 Business Code of Ethics and Conduct applicable to all employees, officers and directors; 
 Code of Ethics for Financial Officers; 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines; and 
 Charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Investment Committee, and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Any of these reports or documents may also be obtained by writing to: Corporate Secretary; c/o Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, 500 Energy Lane Suite 100, Dover, DE 19901. 

I TEM 1A. R ISK F ACTORS 
 The risks described below fall into three broad categories related to (1) financial risks, (2) operational risks, and (3) regulatory, legal and environmental risks, all of which may affect our operations and/or the financial performance of our regulated and unregulated energy businesses. These are not the only risks we face but are considered to be the most material. There may be other unknown or unpredictable risks or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Refer to the section entitled Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report for an additional discussion of these and other related factors that affect our operations and/or financial performance. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 14 

Table of Contents 

 F INANCIAL R ISKS 
 Instability and volatility in the financial markets could negatively impact access to capital at competitive rates, which could affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, undertake improvements and make other investments required for our future growth. 
 Our business strategy includes the continued pursuit of growth and requires capital investment in excess of cash flow from operations. As a result, the successful execution of our strategy is dependent upon access to equity and debt at reasonable costs. Our ability to issue new debt and equity capital and the cost of equity and debt are greatly affected by our financial performance and the conditions of the financial markets. In addition, our ability to obtain adequate and cost-effective debt depends on our credit ratings. A downgrade in our current credit ratings could negatively impact our access to and cost of debt. If we are not able to access capital at competitive rates, our ability to implement our strategic plan, undertake improvements and make other investments required for our future growth may be limited. 
 
 Fluctuations in propane gas prices could negatively affect results of operations. 
 The combination of high demand and lower-than-average inventory is always a common driver for higher propane gas prices. We adjust the price of the propane we sell based on changes in our cost of purchasing propane. However, if the market does not allow us to increase propane sales prices to compensate fully for fluctuations in purchased propane costs, our results of operations and cash flows could be negatively affected. 
 
 If we fail to comply with our debt covenant obligations, we could experience adverse financial consequences that could affect our liquidity and ability to borrow funds. 
 Our long-term debt obligations and our Revolver contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and interest-coverage ratios. Failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations or the inability to borrow under certain credit agreements. Any such acceleration could cause a material adverse change in our financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 
 
 Increases in interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the cost of future debt issuances. To the extent we are not able to fully recover higher debt costs in the rates we charge our utility customers, or the timing of such recovery is not certain, our earnings could be adversely affected. Increases in short-term interest rates could negatively affect our results of operations, which depend on short-term debt to finance accounts receivable and storage gas inventories and to temporarily finance capital expenditures. Reference should be made to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for additional information. 
 
 Continuing or worsening inflationary and/or supply chain issues may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on the supply chain to ensure that equipment, materials and other resources are available to both expand and maintain our services in a safe and reliable manner. Pricing of equipment, materials and other resources have increased recently and may continue to do so in the future. Failure to secure equipment, materials and other resources on economically acceptable terms, including failure to eliminate or manage the constraints in the supply chain, may impact the availability of items that are necessary to support normal operations as well as materials that are required for continued infrastructure growth, and as result, may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, it may become more costly for us to recruit and retain key employees, particularly specialized/technical personnel, in the face of competitive market conditions and increased competition for specialized and experienced workers in our industry. 
 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 The market price and trading volume of the Company s common stock is subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of the Company and its subsidiaries. As a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, amongst other things, have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 15 

Table of Contents 

Current market conditions could adversely impact the return on plan assets for FPU's pension plan, which may require significant additional funding. 
 In 2021, the Company terminated the Chesapeake Utilities pension plan. The FPU pension plan is closed to new employees, and the future benefits are frozen. The costs of providing benefits and related funding requirements of the FPU plan is subject to changes in the market value of the assets that fund the plan and the discount rates used to estimate the pension benefit obligations. The funded status of the plans and the related costs reflected in our financial statements are affected by various factors that are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, particularly in the current economic environment. Future losses of asset values and further declines in discount rates may necessitate accelerated funding of the plans to meet minimum federal government requirements and may result in higher pension expense in future years. Adverse changes in the benefit obligations of the FPU pension plan may require us to record higher pension expense and fund obligations earlier than originally planned, which would have an adverse impact on our cash flows from operations, decrease borrowing capacity and increase interest expense. 
 
 O PERATIONAL R ISKS 
 We are dependent upon construction of new facilities to support future growth in earnings in our natural gas and electric distribution and natural gas transmission operations. 
 Construction of new facilities required to support future growth is subject to various regulatory and developmental risks, including but not limited to: (i) our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies and on terms that are acceptable to us; (ii) potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; (iii) our inability to acquire rights-of-way or land rights on a timely basis on terms that are acceptable to us; (iv) lack of anticipated future growth in available natural gas and electricity supply; (v) insufficient customer throughput commitments; and (vi) lack of available and qualified third-party contractors which could impact the timely construction of new facilities. 
 
 We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to our operations. 
 Because we do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities have been constructed, we are subject to the possibility of more onerous terms or increased costs to retain necessary land use if we do not have valid rights-of-way or if such rights-of-way lapse or terminate. We obtain the rights to construct and operate our pipelines on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. Our loss of these rights, through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 We operate in a competitive environment, and we may lose customers to competitors. 
 Natural Gas . Our natural gas transmission and distribution operations compete with interstate pipelines when our customers are located close enough to a competing pipeline to make direct connections economically feasible. Customers also have the option to switch to alternative fuels, including renewable energy sources. Failure to retain and grow our natural gas customer base would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Electric . Our Florida electric distribution business has remained substantially free from direct competition from other electric service providers but does face competition from other energy sources. Changes in the competitive environment caused by legislation, regulation, market conditions, or initiatives of other electric power providers, particularly with respect to retail electric competition, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Propane . Our propane operations compete with other propane distributors, primarily on the basis of service and price. Our ability to grow the propane operations business is contingent upon capturing additional market share, expanding into new markets, and successfully utilizing pricing programs that retain and grow our customer base. Failure to retain and grow our customer base in our propane operations would have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Fluctuations in weather may cause a significant variance in our earnings. 
 Our natural gas distribution, propane operations and natural gas transmission operations, are sensitive to fluctuations in weather conditions, which directly influence the volume of natural gas and propane we transport, sell and deliver to our 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 16 

Table of Contents 

 customers. A significant portion of our natural gas distribution, propane operations and natural gas transmission revenue is derived from the sales and deliveries to residential, commercial and industrial heating customers during the five-month peak heating season (November through March). Other than our Maryland natural gas distribution businesses (Maryland division, Sandpiper Energy and Elkton Gas) which have revenue normalization mechanisms, if the weather is warmer than normal, we sell and deliver less natural gas and propane to customers, and earn less revenue, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Conversely, if the weather is colder than normal, we sell and deliver more natural gas and propane to customers, and earn more revenue, which could positively affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Variations in weather from year to year can cause our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition to vary accordingly. 
 Our electric distribution operation is also affected by variations in weather conditions and unusually severe weather conditions. However, electricity consumption is generally less seasonal than natural gas and propane because it is used for both heating and cooling in our service areas. 
 
 Natural disasters, severe weather events (such as a major hurricane) and acts of terrorism could adversely impact earnings and access to insurance coverage. 
 Inherent in energy transmission and distribution activities are a variety of hazards and operational risks, such as leaks, ruptures, fires, uncontrollable flows of natural gas, explosions, release of contaminants into the environment, sabotage and mechanical problems. Natural disasters and severe weather events may damage our assets, cause operational interruptions and result in the loss of human life, all of which could negatively affect our earnings, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Acts of terrorism and the impact of retaliatory military and other action by the United States and its allies may lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and volatility in the price of natural gas, electricity and propane that could negatively affect our operations. Companies in the energy industry may face a heightened risk of exposure to acts of terrorism, which could affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 The insurance industry may also be affected by natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of terrorism. As a result, the availability of insurance covering risks against which we and our competitors typically insure may be limited. In addition, the insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Operating events affecting public safety and the reliability of our natural gas and electric distribution and transmission systems could adversely affect our operations and increase our costs. 
 Our natural gas and electric operations are exposed to operational events and risks, such as major leaks, outages, mechanical failures and breakdown, operations below the expected level of performance or efficiency, and accidents that could affect public safety and the reliability of our distribution and transmission systems, significantly increase costs and cause loss of customer confidence. If we are unable to recover all or some of these costs from insurance and/or customers through the regulatory process, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 A security breach disrupting our operating systems and facilities or exposing confidential information may adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations and increase our costs. 
 
 The cybersecurity risks associated with the protection of our infrastructure and facilities is evolving and increasingly complex. We continue to heavily rely on technological tools that support our business operations and corporate functions while enhancing our security. There are various risks associated with our information technology infrastructure, including hardware and software failure, communications failure, data distortion or destruction, unauthorized access to data, misuse of proprietary or confidential data, unauthorized control through electronic means, cyber-attacks, cyber-terrorism, data breaches, programming mistakes, and other inadvertent errors or deliberate human acts. Further, the U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate energy assets might be specific targets of cybersecurity threats and/or attacks. 
 Many of our employees, service providers, and vendors have been working, and may continue to work, from remote locations, where cybersecurity protections may be limited and cybersecurity procedures and safeguards may be less effective. As such, we may be subject to a higher risk of cybersecurity breaches than ever before. Therefore, we may be required to expend significant resources to continue to modify or enhance our procedures and controls or to upgrade our digital and operational systems, related infrastructure, technologies and network security. 
 Any such failure, attack, or security breach could adversely impact our ability to safely and reliably deliver services to our customers through our transmission, distribution, and generation systems, subject to us to reputational and other harm, and subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and claims and demands from third parties, any of which could adversely affect 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 17 

Table of Contents 

 our business, our earnings, results of operation and financial condition. In addition, the protection of customer, employee and Company data is crucial to our operational security. A breach or breakdown of our systems that results in the unauthorized release of individually identifiable customer or other sensitive data could have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition and could also materially increase our costs of maintaining our system and protecting it against future breakdowns or breaches. We take reasonable precautions to safeguard our information systems from cyber-attacks and security breaches; however, there is no guarantee that the procedures implemented to protect against unauthorized access to our information systems are adequate to safeguard against all attacks and breaches. We also cannot assure that any redundancies built into our networks and technology, or the procedures we have implemented to protect against cyber-attacks and other unauthorized access to secured data, are adequate to safeguard against all failures of technology or security breaches. 
 Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified employee workforce could adversely affect operations. 
 Our ability to implement our business strategy and serve our customers depends upon our continuing ability to attract, develop and retain talented professionals and a technically skilled workforce in a manner competitive with current market conditions, and transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new employees as our existing employees retire. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor could adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. If we were unable to hire, train and retain appropriately qualified personnel, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A strike, work stoppage or a labor dispute could adversely affect our operations. 
 We are party to collective bargaining agreements with labor unions at some of our Florida operations. A strike, work stoppage or a labor dispute with a union or employees represented by a union could cause interruption to our operations and our results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our businesses are capital-intensive, and the increased costs and/or delays of capital projects may adversely affect our future earnings. 
 Our businesses are capital-intensive and require significant investments in ongoing infrastructure projects. Our ability to complete our infrastructure projects on a timely basis and manage the overall cost of those projects may be affected by the availability of the necessary materials and qualified vendors. Our future earnings could be adversely affected if we are unable to manage such capital projects effectively, or if full recovery of such capital costs is not permitted in future regulatory proceedings. 
 Our regulated energy business may be at risk if franchise agreements are not renewed, or new franchise agreements are not obtained, which could adversely affect our future results or operating cash flows and financial condition. 
 Our regulated natural gas and electric distribution operations hold franchises in each of the incorporated municipalities that require franchise agreements in order to provide natural gas and electricity. Ongoing financial results would be adversely impacted in the event that franchise agreements were not renewed. If we are unable to obtain franchise agreements for new service areas, growth in our future earnings could be negatively impacted. 
 Slowdowns in customer growth may adversely affect earnings and cash flows. 
 Our ability to increase revenues in our natural gas, propane and electric distribution businesses is dependent upon growth in the residential construction market, adding new commercial and industrial customers and conversion of customers to natural gas, electricity or propane from other energy sources. Slowdowns in growth may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 18 

Table of Contents 

 Energy conservation, including the effects of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives could lower energy consumption, which would adversely affect our earnings. 
 Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives to promote energy efficiency, conservation and the use of alternative energy sources could lower consumption of natural gas and propane by our customers. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was signed into law, with hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, and clean fuels, amongst other provisions. These incentives could further accelerate the transition of the U.S. economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives and impact demand for our products and services. In addition, increasing attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change, investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary ESG disclosures, and the aforementioned demand for alternative forms of energy, may result in increased costs and reduced demand for our products. While we cannot predict the ultimate effect that the development of alternative energy sources and related laws might have on our operations, we may be subject to reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation against us, and negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets. 
 In addition, higher costs of natural gas, propane and electricity may cause customers to conserve fuel. To the extent a PSC or the FERC does not allow the recovery through customer rates of higher costs or lower consumption from energy efficiency or conservation, and our propane retail prices cannot be increased due to market conditions, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Commodity price increases may adversely affect the operating costs and competitive positions of our natural gas, electric and propane operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Natural Gas/Electricity . Higher natural gas prices can significantly increase the cost of gas billed to our natural gas customers. Increases in the cost of natural gas and other fuels used to generate electricity can significantly increase the cost of electricity billed to our electric customers. Damage to the production or transportation facilities of our suppliers, which decreases their supply of natural gas and electricity, could result in increased supply costs and higher prices for our customers. Such cost increases generally have no immediate effect on our revenues and net income because of our regulated fuel cost recovery mechanisms. However, our net income may be reduced by higher expenses that we may incur for uncollectible customer accounts and by lower volumes of natural gas and electricity deliveries when customers reduce their consumption. Therefore, increases in the price of natural gas and other fuels can adversely affect our operating cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the competitiveness of natural gas and electricity as energy sources. 
 Propane . Propane costs are subject to changes as a result of product supply or other market conditions, including weather, economic and political factors affecting crude oil and natural gas supply or pricing. For example, weather conditions could damage production or transportation facilities, which could result in decreased supplies of propane, increased supply costs and higher prices for customers. Such increases in costs can occur rapidly and can negatively affect profitability. There is no assurance that we will be able to pass on propane cost increases fully or immediately, particularly when propane costs increase rapidly. Therefore, average retail sales prices can vary significantly from year-to-year as product costs fluctuate in response to propane, fuel oil, crude oil and natural gas commodity market conditions. In addition, in periods of sustained higher commodity prices, declines in retail sales volumes due to reduced consumption and increased amounts of uncollectible accounts may adversely affect net income. 
 Refer to Item 7A , Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for additional information. 
 
 Our use of derivative instruments may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Fluctuating commodity prices may affect our earnings and financing costs because our propane operations use derivative instruments, including forwards, futures, swaps, puts, and calls, to hedge price risk. While we have risk management policies and operating procedures in place to control our exposure to risk, if we purchase derivative instruments that are not properly matched to our exposure, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 A substantial disruption or lack of growth in interstate natural gas pipeline transmission and storage capacity or electric transmission capacity may impair our ability to meet customers existing and future requirements. 
 In order to meet existing and future customer demands for natural gas and electricity, we must acquire sufficient supplies of natural gas and electricity, interstate pipeline transmission and storage capacity, and electric transmission capacity to serve such requirements. We must contract for reliable and adequate upstream transmission capacity for our distribution systems while considering the dynamics of the interstate pipeline and storage and electric transmission markets, our own on-system resources, as well as the characteristics of our markets. Our financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected if the future availability of these capacities were insufficient to meet future customer demands for 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 19 

Table of Contents 

 natural gas and electricity. Currently, our Florida natural gas operation relies primarily on two pipeline systems, FGT and Peninsula Pipeline, our intrastate pipeline subsidiary for most of its natural gas supply and transmission. Our Florida electric operation secures electricity from external parties. Any continued interruption of service from these suppliers could adversely affect our ability to meet the demands of our customers, which could negatively impact our earnings, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to grow our businesses could be adversely affected if we are not successful in making acquisitions or integrating the acquisitions we have completed. 
 
 One of our strategies is to grow through acquisitions of complementary businesses. Acquisitions involve a number or risks including, but not limited to, the assumption of material liabilities, the diversion of management s attention from the management of daily operations to the integration of operations, difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees and difficulties in the assimilation of different cultures and internal controls. Future acquisitions could also result in, among other things, the failure to identify material issues during due diligence, the risk of overpaying for assets, unanticipated capital expenditures, the failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges and fluctuations in quarterly results. There can also be no assurance that our past and future acquisitions will deliver the strategic, financial and operational benefits that we anticipate. The failure to successfully integrate acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 An impairment of our assets could result in a significant charge to earnings. 
 In accordance with GAAP, goodwill, intangible, and other long-lived assets are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the applicable asset and the implied fair value in the period the determination is made. The testing of assets for impairment requires us to make significant estimates about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including: future business operating performance, changes in economic conditions and interest rates, regulatory, industry or market conditions, changes in business operations, changes in competition or changes in technologies. Any changes in key assumptions, or actual performance compared with key assumptions, about our business and its future prospects could affect the fair value of one or more of our assets, which may result in an impairment charge. 
 
 R EGULATORY, L EGAL AND E NVIRONMENTAL R ISKS 
 
 Regulation of our businesses, including changes in the regulatory environment, may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 The Delaware, Maryland, Ohio and Florida PSCs regulate our utility operations in those states. Eastern Shore is regulated by the FERC. The PSCs and the FERC set the rates that we can charge customers for services subject to their regulatory jurisdiction. Our ability to obtain timely rate increases and rate supplements to maintain current rates of return depends on regulatory approvals, and there can be no assurance that our regulated operations will be able to obtain such approvals or maintain currently authorized rates of return. When earnings from our regulated utilities exceed the authorized rate of return, the respective regulatory authority may require us to reduce our rates charged to customers in the future. 
 We may face certain regulatory and financial risks related to pipeline safety legislation. 
 We are subject to a number of legislative proposals at the federal and state level to implement increased oversight over natural gas pipeline operations and facilities to inspect pipeline facilities, upgrade pipeline facilities, or control the impact of a breach of such facilities. Additional operating expenses and capital expenditures may be necessary to remain in compliance. If new legislation is adopted and we incur additional expenses and expenditures, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected, particularly if we are not authorized through the regulatory process to recover from customers some or all of these costs and our authorized rate of return. 
 
 Pipeline integrity programs and repairs may impose significant costs and liabilities on the Company. 
 
 The U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) requires pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs to comprehensively evaluate their pipelines and to take additional measures to protect pipeline segments located in areas where a leak or rupture could potentially do the most harm. PHMSA constantly updates its 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 20 

Table of Contents 

 regulations to ensure the highest levels of pipeline safety. As the operator of pipelines, we are required to: perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; identify and characterize applicable threats to pipelines; improve data collection, integration and analysis; repair and remediate the pipelines as necessary; and implement preventative and mitigating actions. These new and any future regulations adopted by PHMSA may impose more stringent requirements applicable to integrity management programs and other pipeline safety aspects of our operations, which could cause us to incur increased capital and operating costs and operational delays. Moreover, should we fail to comply with the PHMSA rules and regulations, we could be subject to significant penalties and fines which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be fully covered by insurance. 
 Our operations are subject to the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to handling, storing, transporting, transmitting and delivering natural gas, electricity and propane to end users. From time to time, we are a defendant in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We maintain insurance coverage for our general liabilities in the amount of 52 million, which we believe is reasonable and prudent. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices. 
 Costs of compliance with environmental laws may be significant. 
 We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. These evolving laws and regulations may require expenditures over a long period of time to control environmental effects at our current and former operating sites, especially former MGP sites. To date, we have been able to recover, through regulatory rate mechanisms, the costs associated with the remediation of former MGP sites. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to recover future remediation costs in the same manner or at all. A change in our approved rate mechanisms for recovery of environmental remediation costs at former MGP sites could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 Further, existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised, or new laws and regulations seeking to protect the environment may be adopted and be applicable to us. Revised or additional laws and regulations could result in additional operating restrictions on our facilities or increased compliance costs, which may not be fully recoverable. Any such increase in compliance costs could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Compliance with these legal obligations requires us to commit capital. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if such failure is caused by factors beyond our control, we may be assessed administrative, civil, or criminal penalties and fines, imposed with investigatory and remedial obligations, or issued injunctions all of which could impact our financial condition and results of operations. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 19 , Environmental Commitments and Contingencies, in the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow. 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and the states in which we operate. Changes in applicable state or U.S. tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability. In addition, the final determination of any tax audits or related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Changes in our tax provision or an increase in our tax liabilities, due to changes in applicable law and regulations, the interpretation or application thereof, future changes in the tax rate or a final determination of tax audits or litigation, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our business may be subject in the future to additional regulatory and financial risks associated with global warming and climate change. 
 There have been a number of federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives proposed in recent years in an attempt to control or limit the effects of global warming and overall climate change, including greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide. The direction of future U.S. climate change regulation is difficult to predict given the potential for policy changes under different Presidential administrations and Congressional leadership. The EPA may or may not continue developing regulations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Even if federal efforts in this area slow, states, cities and local jurisdictions may continue pursuing climate regulations. Any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could require us to incur additional operating costs, such as costs to purchase and operate emissions controls, to obtain emission allowances or to pay emission taxes, and reduce demand for our energy delivery services. Federal, state and local legislative initiatives to implement renewable portfolio standards or to further subsidize the cost of 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 21 

Table of Contents 

 solar, wind and other renewable power sources may change the demand for natural gas. We cannot predict the potential impact that such laws or regulations, if adopted, may have on our future business, financial condition or financial results. 
 Climate changes may impact the demand for our services in the future and could result in more frequent and more severe weather events, which ultimately could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Significant climatic change creates physical and financial risks for us. Our customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. For residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. To the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. To the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health or weather conditions of our service territories directly, it could adversely impact customer demand or our customers ability to pay. Changes in energy use due to weather variations may affect our financial condition through volatility and/or decreased revenues and cash flows. Extreme weather conditions require more system backups and can increase costs and system stresses, including service interruptions. Severe weather impacts our operating territories primarily through thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, and snow or ice storms. Weather conditions outside of our operating territories could also have an impact on our revenues and cash flows by affecting natural gas prices. To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our costs of providing services. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all the costs related to mitigating these physical risks. To the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of greenhouse gases as a financial risk, this could adversely affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less favorable terms and conditions in future financings. Our business could be affected by the potential for investigations and lawsuits related to or against greenhouse gas emitters based on the claimed connection between greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, which could impact adversely our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We face risks associated with widespread public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics which may have material adverse impacts on the Company's operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 The Company is subject to the impacts of widespread public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including the recent COVID-19 outbreak. Such impacts may include, but are not limited to, effects on the national and local economy, capital and credit markets, the workforce, customers and suppliers. There is no assurance that the Company s businesses will be able to operate without material adverse impacts depending on the nature of the public health crisis, epidemic or pandemic. The ultimate severity, duration and impact of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics cannot be predicted. Additionally, there is no assurance that vaccines, or other treatments, are or will be widely available or effective, or that the public will be willing to participate, in an effort to contain the spread of disease. Actions taken in response to such crises by federal, state and local government or regulatory agencies may have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 While most restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been lifted in the United States, we remain committed to providing products and services to our customers in a safe and reliable manner, and will continue to do so in compliance with any mandated restrictions in each of the markets we serve. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a transaction that stockholders would view as favorable. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent an unsolicited change in control of Chesapeake Utilities, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock or the ability of stockholders to participate in a transaction in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then current market price. These provisions may also prevent changes in management. In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval on such terms as our Board of Directors may determine. Our common stockholders will be subject to, and may be negatively affected by, the rights of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. 

I TEM 1B. U NRESOLVED S TAFF C OMMENTS . 
 None. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 22 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 2. Properties. 
 Offices and other operational facilities 
 We own or lease offices and other operational facilities in our service territories located in Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio. 
 Regulated Energy Segment 
 The following table presents a summary of miles of assets operated by our natural gas distribution, natural gas transmission and electric business units as of December 31, 2022: 
 Operations Miles Natural Gas Distribution Delmarva Natural Gas (Natural gas pipelines) 2,012 Delmarva Natural Gas (Underground propane pipelines) 19 CFG and FPU (Natural gas pipelines) 3,043 Natural Gas Transmission Eastern Shore 517 Peninsula Pipeline 148 Aspire Energy Express (1) 
 Electric Distribution FPU 908 Total 6,647 
 (1) Aspire Energy Express had less than 1 mile of natural gas pipeline at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Peninsula Pipeline also has a 50 percent jointly owned intrastate transmission pipeline with Seacoast Gas Transmission, LLC ("Seacoast Gas Transmission") in Nassau County, Florida . The 26-mile pipeline serves demand in both Nassau and Duval Counties. 
 Unregulated Energy Segment 
 As of December 31, 2022 the following table presents propane storage capacity, miles of underground distribution mains and transmission for our Unregulated Energy Segment operations: 
 Operations Gallons or miles Propane distribution Propane storage capacity (gallons in millions) 8.7 Underground propane distribution mains (miles) 194 Unregulated Energy Transmission and gathering (Aspire Energy) Natural gas pipelines (miles) 2,800 

I TEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 See Note 20, Other Commitments and Contingencies in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated into Item 3 by reference. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 23 

Table of Contents 

I TEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 

P ART II 
 
 I TEM 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Common Stock Dividends and Stockholder Information: 
 Chesapeake Utilities common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the ticker symbol CPK. As of February 17, 2023, we had 2,040 holders of record of our common stock. We declared quarterly cash dividends on our common stock totaling 2.085 per share in 2022 and 1.880 per share in 2021, and have paid a cash dividend to our common stock stockholders for 62 consecutive years. Future dividend payments and amounts are at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors. 
 Indentures to our long-term debt contain various restrictions which limit our ability to pay dividends. Refer to Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 12, Long-Term Debt , in the consolidated financial statements) for additional information. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 The following table sets forth information on purchases by us or on our behalf of shares of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced Plans 
 or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number of 
 Shares That May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under the Plans 
 or Programs (2) 
 Period October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 (1) 
 483 119.17 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Total 483 119.17 
 (1) In October 2022, we purchased 483 shares of common stock on the open market for the purpose of reinvesting the dividend on shares held in the Rabbi Trust accounts under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan is discussed in detail in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plans , in the consolidated financial statements). 
 (2) Except for the purpose described in footnote (1) , we have no publicly announced plans or programs to repurchase our shares. 
 Information on certain of our equity compensation plans, for which shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance, is included in the section of our Proxy Statement captioned Equity Compensation Plan Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 24 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Performance Graph 
 The stock performance graph and table below compares cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock during the five fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total stockholder return of the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the cumulative total stockholder return of select peers, which include the following companies: Atmos Energy Corporation; Black Hills Corporation; Chesapeake Utilities Corporation; New Jersey Resources Corporation; NiSource; Northwest Natural Gas Company; Northwestern Corporation; ONE Gas, Inc.; RGC Resources, Inc.; South Jersey Industries, Inc.; Spire, Inc.; and Unitil Corporation. 
 The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvested dividends. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of our common stock. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Chesapeake Utilities 100 105 126 145 199 164 Industry Index 100 107 127 106 121 133 S P 500 Index 100 96 126 149 191 157 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [R ESERVED ] 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 26 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This section provides management s discussion of Chesapeake Utilities and its consolidated subsidiaries, with specific information on results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, as well as discussion of how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. It includes management s interpretation of our financial results and our operating segments, the factors affecting these results, the major factors expected to affect future operating results as well as investment and financing plans. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Several factors exist that could influence our future financial performance, some of which are described in Item 1A , Risk Factors . They should be considered in connection with forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, or otherwise made by or on behalf of us, since these factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those set out in such forward-looking statements. 
 
 In March 2020, the CDC declared a national emergency due to the rapidly growing outbreak of COVID-19. In response to this declaration and the rapid spread of COVID-19 within the United States, federal, state and local governments throughout the country imposed varying degrees of restrictions on social and commercial activity to promote social distancing in an effort to slow the spread of the illness. These restrictions significantly impacted economic conditions in the United States beginning in 2020 and persisted throughout 2022, though to a significantly lesser extent. Chesapeake Utilities is considered an essential business, which allowed us to continue operational activities and construction projects while social distancing restrictions were in place. 
 
 The expiration of the states of emergency along with the settlement of our limited proceeding in Florida concluded our ability to defer incremental pandemic related costs for consideration through the applicable regulatory process. We remain committed to providing products and services to our customers in a safe and reliable manner, and will continue to do so in compliance with any mandated restrictions in each of the markets we serve. 
 Earnings per share information is presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. 
 The following discussions and those later in the document on operating income and segment results include the use of the term Adjusted Gross Margin which is a non-GAAP measure throughout our discussion on operating results. Adjusted Gross Margin is calculated by deducting the purchased cost of natural gas, propane and electricity and the cost of labor spent on direct revenue-producing activities from operating revenues. The costs included in Adjusted Gross Margin exclude depreciation and amortization and certain costs presented in operations and maintenance expenses in accordance with regulatory requirements. Adjusted Gross Margin should not be considered an alternative to Gross Margin under U.S. GAAP which is defined as the excess of sales over cost of goods sold. We believe that Adjusted Gross Margin, although a non-GAAP measure, is useful and meaningful to investors as a basis for making investment decisions. It provides investors with information that demonstrates the profitability achieved by us under our allowed rates for regulated energy operations and under our competitive pricing structures for our unregulated energy operations. Our management uses Adjusted Gross Margin as one of the financial measures in assessing our business units performance. Other companies may calculate Adjusted Gross Margin in a different manner. 
 The below tables reconcile Gross Margin as defined under GAAP to our non-GAAP measure of Adjusted Gross Margin for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 27 

Table of Contents 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other and Eliminations Total Operating Revenues 429,424 280,750 (29,470) 680,704 Cost of Sales: Natural gas, propane and electric costs (127,172) (162,683) 29,349 (260,506) Depreciation amortization (52,707) (16,257) (9) (68,973) Operations maintenance expense (1) 
 (35,472) (29,825) 9 (65,288) Gross Margin (GAAP) 214,073 71,985 (121) 285,937 Operations maintenance expense (1) 
 35,472 29,825 (9) 65,288 Depreciation amortization 52,707 16,257 9 68,973 Adjusted Gross Margin (Non-GAAP) 302,252 118,067 (121) 420,198 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other and Eliminations Total Operating Revenues 383,920 206,869 (20,821) 569,968 Cost of Sales: Natural gas, propane and electric costs (100,737) (106,900) 20,687 (186,950) Depreciation amortization (48,748) (13,869) (44) (62,661) Operations maintenance expense (1) 
 (32,780) (24,123) 179 (56,724) Gross Margin (GAAP) 201,655 61,977 1 263,633 Operations maintenance expense (1) 
 32,780 24,123 (179) 56,724 Depreciation amortization 48,748 13,869 44 62,661 Adjusted Gross Margin (Non-GAAP) 283,183 99,969 (134) 383,018 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other and Eliminations Total Operating Revenues 352,746 152,526 (17,074) 488,198 Cost of Sales: Natural gas, propane and electric costs (91,994) (62,780) 16,836 (137,938) Depreciation amortization (46,079) (11,988) (50) (58,117) Operations maintenance expense (1) 
 (31,237) (22,914) 298 (53,853) Gross Margin (GAAP) 183,436 54,844 10 238,290 Operations maintenance expense (1) 
 31,237 22,914 (298) 53,853 Depreciation amortization 46,079 11,988 50 58,117 Adjusted Gross Margin (Non-GAAP) 260,752 89,746 (238) 350,260 
 (1) Operations maintenance expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Income are presented in accordance with regulatory requirements and to provide comparability within the industry. Operations maintenance expenses which are deemed to be directly attributable to revenue producing activities have been separately presented above in order to calculate Gross Margin as defined under U.S. GAAP. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 28 

Table of Contents 

 2022 to 2021 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance Regulated Energy 
 
 Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Regulated Energy segment for 2022 was 214.1 million, an increase of 12.4 million, or 6.2 percent, compared to 2021. Higher gross margin reflects continued pipeline expansions by Eastern Shore, Peninsula Pipeline and Aspire Energy Express, incremental contributions from regulated infrastructure programs, organic growth in our natural gas distribution businesses, increased customer consumption, interim rates associated with the Florida natural gas base rate proceeding, cost recovery associated with pandemic related costs, and operating results from our acquisition of the Escambia Meter Station completed in 2021. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation, amortization and property taxes, increased employee expenses driven by continued competition in the current labor market, higher facilities, maintenance and outside services as well as higher fuel costs. 
 
 2021 to 2020 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance Regulated Energy 
 
 Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Regulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 is described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 2022 to 2021 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance Unregulated Energy 
 
 Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Unregulated Energy segment for 2022 was 72.0 million, an increase of 10.0 million, or 16.1 percent compared to 2021. Increased gross margin resulted from higher retail propane margins per gallon and service fees, contributions from the propane acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022, increased demand for CNG, RNG and LNG services and increased customer consumption along with higher rates for Aspire Energy. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation, amortization and property taxes related to recent capital investments and acquisitions, increased employee expenses driven by continued competition in the current labor market, higher costs related to facilities, maintenance and outside services and rising fuel costs. 
 
 2021 to 2020 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance Unregulated Energy 
 
 Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Unregulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 is described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated by reference. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 29 

Table of Contents 

 O VERVIEW AND H IGHLIGHTS (in thousands except per share data) Increase Increase For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (decrease) 2021 2020 (decrease) Business Segment: Regulated Energy 115,317 106,174 9,143 106,174 92,124 14,050 Unregulated Energy 27,350 24,427 2,923 24,427 20,664 3,763 Other businesses and eliminations 266 511 (245) 511 (65) 576 Operating Income 142,933 131,112 11,821 131,112 112,723 18,389 Other income, net 5,051 1,721 3,330 1,721 3,222 (1,501) Interest charges 24,356 20,135 4,221 20,135 21,765 (1,630) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 123,628 112,698 10,930 112,698 94,180 18,518 Income Taxes on Continuing Operations 33,832 29,231 4,601 29,231 23,538 5,693 Income from Continuing Operations 89,796 83,467 6,329 83,467 70,642 12,825 Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax (1) 1 (1) 686 (687) Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, Net of tax 170 (170) Net Income 89,796 83,466 6,330 83,466 71,498 11,968 Earnings Per Share of Common Stock (1) 
 Basic 5.07 4.75 0.32 4.75 4.28 0.47 Diluted 5.04 4.73 0.31 4.73 4.26 0.47 
 (2) Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020 include 0.05 attributable to discontinued operations. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 30 

Table of Contents 

 2022 compared to 2021 
 Key variances in continuing operations between 2022 and 2021 included: 
 (in thousands, except per share data) Pre-tax Income Net Income Earnings Per Share Year ended December 31, 2021 Reported Results 112,698 83,467 4.73 Adjusting for unusual items: Gain from sales of assets 1,902 1,382 0.08 Interest income from federal income tax refund 826 600 0.03 Absence of CARES Act items recognized during the third quarter of 2021 (922) (0.05) Regulatory deferral of COVID-19 expenses per PSC's orders (2,545) (1,849) (0.10) 183 (789) (0.04) Increased Adjusted Gross Margins: Contributions from acquisitions 10,575 7,681 0.43 Natural gas transmission service expansions 4,399 3,195 0.18 Contributions from regulated infrastructure programs 3,926 2,851 0.16 Natural gas growth (excluding service expansions) 3,732 2,711 0.15 Increased propane margins per gallon and fees 3,575 2,597 0.14 Increased margins related to demand for CNG/RNG/LNG services 3,534 2,567 0.14 Increased customer consumption - Inclusive of weather 3,117 2,264 0.13 Implementation of interim rates associated with the Florida natural gas rate case filing 2,474 1,797 0.10 Contribution from rates associated with recovery of pandemic related costs 1,040 756 0.04 36,372 26,419 1.47 (Increased) Other Operating Expenses (Excluding Natural Gas, Electricity and Propane Costs): 
 Operating expenses from recent acquisitions (9,586) (6,963) (0.39) Depreciation, amortization and property tax costs due to new capital investments (6,297) (4,574) (0.26) Payroll, benefits and other employee-related expenses (3,019) (2,193) (0.12) Facilities expenses, maintenance costs and outside services (1,942) (1,411) (0.08) Increased vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs (1,000) (726) (0.04) (21,844) (15,867) (0.89) Interest charges (4,221) (3,066) (0.17) Change in shares outstanding due to 2021 and 2022 equity issuances (0.05) Net Other Changes 440 (368) (0.01) Year ended December 31, 2022 Reported Results 123,628 89,796 5.04 
 See the Major Projects and Initiatives table. 

S UMMARY OF K EY F ACTORS 
 Recently Completed and Ongoing Major Projects and Initiatives 
 We constantly pursue and develop additional projects and initiatives to serve existing and new customers, and to further grow our businesses and earnings, with the intention to increase shareholder value. The following table includes the major projects/initiatives recently completed and currently underway. Major projects and initiatives that have generated consistent year-over-year adjusted gross margin contributions are removed from the table at the beginning of the next calendar year. We will add new projects and initiatives to this table once negotiations or details are substantially final and the associated earnings can be estimated. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 31 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted Gross Margin Year Ended December 31, Estimate for Fiscal (in thousands) 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Pipeline Expansions: Western Palm Beach County, Florida Expansion (1) 
 4,167 4,729 5,227 5,227 5,227 Del-Mar Energy Pathway (1) (2) 
 2,462 4,584 6,909 6,980 6,903 Guernsey Power Station 187 1,377 1,486 1,482 Southern Expansion 586 2,344 Winter Haven Expansion 260 576 626 Beachside Pipeline Expansions 1,825 2,451 North Ocean City Connector 200 St. Cloud / Twin Lakes 414 584 Clean Energy (1) 
 126 1,009 1,009 Wildlight 528 2,000 Total Pipeline Expansions 6,629 9,500 13,899 18,631 22,826 CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure 7,231 7,566 11,100 11,892 12,348 Acquisitions: Propane Acquisition 603 10,762 12,000 12,250 Escambia Meter Station 583 999 1,000 1,000 Total Acquisitions 1,186 11,761 13,000 13,250 Regulatory Initiatives: Florida GRIP 15,178 16,995 19,885 19,885 19,885 Capital Cost Surcharge Programs 523 1,199 2,001 2,811 2,831 Elkton STRIDE Plan 26 264 354 357 Florida Rate Case Proceeding 2,474 15,362 17,153 Electric Storm Protection Plan 486 1,137 2,113 Total Regulatory Initiatives 15,701 18,220 25,110 39,549 42,339 Total 29,561 36,472 61,870 83,072 90,763 
 (1) Includes adjusted gross margin generated from interim services. 
 (2) Includes adjusted gross margin from natural gas distribution services. 

Detailed Discussion of Major Projects and Initiatives 
 
 Pipeline Expansions 
 
 Western Palm Beach County, Florida Expansion 
 Peninsula Pipeline is constructing four transmission lines to bring additional natural gas to our distribution system in West Palm Beach, Florida. The first phase of this project was placed into service in December 2018 and generated incremental adjusted gross margin of 0.5 million during 2022 compared to 2021. The remainder of the project was completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. We estimate that the project will generate annual adjusted gross margin of 5.2 million in 2023 and beyond. 
 
 Del-Mar Energy Pathway 
 In December 2019, the FERC issued an order approving the construction of the Del-Mar Energy Pathway project. The project was placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2021. The new facilities: (i) include an additional 14,300 Dts/d of firm service to four customers, (ii) provide additional natural gas transmission pipeline infrastructure in eastern Sussex County, Delaware, and (iii) represent the first extension of Eastern Shore s pipeline system into Somerset County, Maryland. The project generated additional adjusted gross margin of 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated annual adjusted gross margin from this project, including natural gas distribution service in Somerset County, Maryland, is approximately 7.0 million in 2023 and beyond subject to further increase as the distribution system continues to build out. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 32 

Table of Contents 

Guernsey Power Station 
 Guernsey Power Station and our affiliate, Aspire Energy Express, entered into a precedent agreement for firm transportation capacity whereby Guernsey Power Station will construct a power generation facility and Aspire Energy Express will provide firm natural gas transportation service to this facility. Guernsey Power Station commenced construction of the project in October 2019. Aspire Energy Express completed construction of the gas transmission facilities in the fourth quarter of 2021.The project generated additional adjusted gross margin of 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is expected to produce adjusted gross margin of approximately 1.5 million in 2023 and beyond. 
 
 Southern Expansion 
 Eastern Shore plans to install a new natural gas driven compressor skid unit at its existing Bridgeville, Delaware compressor station that will provide 7,300 Dts of incremental firm transportation pipeline capacity. The project obtained FERC approval in January 2023 and is currently estimated to go into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. Eastern Shore expects the Southern Expansion project to generate annual adjusted gross margin of 0.6 million in 2023 and 2.3 million in 2024 and thereafter. 
 
 Winter Haven Expansion 
 In May 2021, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with CFG for an incremental 6,800 Dts/d of firm service in the Winter Haven, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline constructed a new interconnect with FGT and a new regulator station for CFG. CFG is using the additional firm service to support new incremental load due to growth in the area, including providing service, most immediately, to a new can manufacturing facility, as well as reliability and operational benefits to CFG s existing distribution system in the area. In connection with Peninsula Pipeline s new regulator station, CFG also extended its distribution system to connect to the new station. This expansion was placed in service in the third quarter of 2022. The project generated additional adjusted gross margin of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is expected to produce adjusted gross margin of approximately 0.6 million in 2023 and beyond. 
 
 Beachside Pipeline Expansion 
 In June 2021, Peninsula Pipeline and Florida City Gas entered into a Transportation Service Agreement for an incremental 10,176 Dts/d of firm service in Indian River County, Florida, to support Florida City Gas growth along the Indian River's barrier island. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct approximately 11.3 miles of pipeline from its existing pipeline in the Sebastian, Florida, area east under the Intercoastal Waterway and southward on the barrier island. Construction is underway and is expected to be complete in the second quarter of 2023. We expect this extension to generate additional annual adjusted gross margin of 1.8 million in 2023 and 2.5 million in the years thereafter. 
 
 North Ocean City Connector 
 During the second quarter of 2022, we began construction of an extension of service into North Ocean City, Maryland. Our Delaware natural gas division and Sandpiper are installing approximately 5.7 miles of pipeline across southern Sussex County, Delaware to Fenwick Island, Delaware and Worcester County, Maryland. The project will reinforce our existing system in Ocean City, Maryland and allow for incremental growth along the pipeline. We expect this expansion to generate annual adjusted gross margin of 0.2 million beginning in 2024, with additional margin opportunities from incremental growth. 
 
 St.Cloud / Twin Lakes Expansion 
 In July 2022, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with FPU for an additional 2,400 Dt/day of firm service in the St. Cloud, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct a pipeline extension and regulator station for FPU. The extension will be used to support new incremental load due to growth in the area, including providing service, most immediately, to the residential development, Twin Lakes. The expansion will also improve reliability and provide operational benefits to FPU s existing distribution system in the area, supporting future growth. We expect this expansion to be in service in the second quarter of 2023 and generate adjusted gross margin of 0.4 million in 2023 and 0.6 million in the years thereafter. 
 
 Clean Energy Expansion 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, Clean Energy Fuels ("Clean Energy") and CFG entered into a precedent agreement for firm transportation services associated with a CNG fueling station Clean Energy is constructing. We plan to install approximately 2.2 miles of main extension in Davenport, Florida to support the filling station. Construction is underway and is expected to be complete in the third quarter of 2023. Our subsidiary Marlin Gas Services, is providing interim services to Clean Energy during the construction phase of the project. The project generated adjusted gross margin of approximately 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is expected to contribute adjusted gross margin of approximately 1.0 million in 2023 and the years thereafter. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 33 

Table of Contents 

Wildlight Expansion 
 In August 2022, Peninsula Pipeline and FPU filed a joint petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement associated with the development of the Wildlight planned community located in Nassau County, Florida. The project enables us to meet the significant growing demand for service in Yulee, Florida. The agreement will enable us to build the project during the construction and build-out of the community, and charge the reservation rate as each phase of the project goes into service. Construction of the pipeline facilities will occur in two separate phases. Phase one consists of three extensions with associated facilities, and a gas injection interconnect with associated facilities. Phase two will consist of two additional pipeline extensions. The various phases of the project are expected to commence in the first quarter of 2023, with construction on the overall project continuing through 2025. This project is expected to contribute adjusted gross margin of approximately 0.5 million in 2023 and 2.0 million in 2024 and beyond. 
 
 CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure 
 
 We have made a commitment to meet customer demand for CNG, RNG and LNG in the markets we serve. This has included making investments within Marlin Gas Services to be able to transport these products through its virtual pipeline fleet to customers.To date, we have also made an infrastructure investment in Ohio, enabling RNG to fuel a third-party landfill fleet and to transport RNG to end use customers off our pipeline system. Similarly, we announced in March 2022, the opening of a high-capacity CNG truck and tube trailer fueling station in Port Wentworth, Georgia. As one of the largest public access CNG stations on the East Coast, it will offer a RNG option to customers in the near future. We constructed the station in partnership with Atlanta Gas Light, a subsidiary of Southern Company Gas. In 2020, Atlanta Gas Light announced that Chesapeake Utilities constructed and maintains the station and ensures access to CNG and RNG for the many customers expected to fuel at the station. 
 
 We are also involved in various other projects, all at various stages and all with different opportunities to participate across the energy value chain. In many of these projects, Marlin will play a key role in ensuring the RNG is transported to one of our many pipeline systems where it will be injected. Accordingly, given the overlapping role of Marlin in many of these projects, we have combined our transportation services and infrastructure related adjusted gross margin discussion into one section. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated additional adjusted gross margin of 3.5 million compared to 2021 associated with the transportation of CNG and RNG by Marlin s virtual pipeline and Aspire Energy s Noble Road RNG pipeline. We estimate annual adjusted gross margin of approximately 11.9 million in 2023, and 12.3 million in 2024 for these transportation related services, with potential for additional growth in future years. 
 
 Full Circle Dairy 
 In February 2023, we announced plans to construct, own and operate a dairy manure RNG facility at Full Circle Dairy in Madison County, Florida. The project consists of a facility converting dairy manure to RNG and transportation assets to bring the gas to market. The first injection of RNG is projected to occur in the first half of 2024. 
 
 Planet Found Development 
 In late October 2022, we consummated the acquisition of Planet Found Energy Development. Planet Found's farm scale anaerobic digestion pilot system and technology produces biogas from 1,200 tons of poultry litter annually, which can be used to create renewable energy in the form of electricity or upgraded to renewable natural gas. In addition to generating biogas, Planet Found s nutrient capture system plays a major role in converting digestate into a nutrient-rich soil conditioner, which is distributed to bulk and retail markets under the brand Element Soil. The transaction will accelerate our efforts in converting poultry waste to renewable, sustainable energy while simultaneously improving the local environments in our service territories. The expertise, technologies and know-how can be leveraged for various scale projects across our geographic footprint. 
 
 Noble Road Landfill RNG Project 
 In October 2021, Aspire Energy completed construction of its Noble Road Landfill RNG pipeline project, a 33.1-mile pipeline, which transports RNG generated from the Noble Road landfill to Aspire Energy s pipeline system, displacing conventionally produced natural gas. In conjunction with this expansion, Aspire Energy also upgraded an existing compressor station and installed two new metering and regulation sites. The RNG volume is expected to represent nearly 10 percent of Aspire Energy s gas gathering volumes. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 34 

Table of Contents 

 Bioenergy DevCo 
 In June 2020, our Delmarva natural gas operations and Bioenergy DevCo BDC ), a developer of anaerobic digestion facilities that create renewable energy and healthy soil products from organic material, entered into an agreement related to a project to extract RNG from poultry production waste. BDC and our affiliates are collaborating on this project in addition to several other project sites where organic waste can be converted into a carbon-negative energy source. 
 
 The RNG source created from the organic waste from the BDC facility will be transported to an Eastern Shore interconnection, where the sustainable fuel will be introduced into our transmission system and ultimately distributed to our natural gas customers. 
 
 CleanBay Project 
 In July 2020, our Delmarva natural gas operations and CleanBay Renewables Inc. ("CleanBay") announced a new partnership to bring RNG to our operations. As part of this partnership, we will transport the RNG produced at CleanBay's planned Westover, Maryland bio-refinery, to our natural gas infrastructure in the Delmarva Peninsula region. Eastern Shore and Marlin Gas Services, will transport the RNG from CleanBay to our Delmarva natural gas distribution system where it is ultimately delivered to the Delmarva natural gas distribution end use customers. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Propane Acquisitions 
 On December 15, 2021, Sharp Energy acquired the propane operating assets of Diversified Energy for approximately 37.5 million net of cash acquired. There were multiple strategic benefits to this acquisition including it: (i) expanded the Company's propane territory into North Carolina and South Carolina while also expanding our existing footprint in Pennsylvania and Virginia, and (ii) included an established customer base with opportunities for future growth. Through this acquisition, the Company added approximately 19,000 residential, commercial and agricultural customers, along with distribution of approximately 10.0 million gallons of propane annually. 
 
 On June 13, 2022, Sharp acquired the propane operating assets of Davenport Energy's Siler City propane division for approximately 2.0 million. Through this acquisition, the Company expanded its operating footprint further into North Carolina, where customers are being served by Sharp Energy s Diversified Energy division. The acquisition added approximately 850 customers and distribution of approximately 406,000 gallons of propane annually to Sharp Energy s territory. The financial results of this acquisition are included in Sharp Energy's Diversified Energy division given geographic proximity and other synergies within the service territory. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, these acquisitions contributed 10.8 million in adjusted gross margin and are expected to generate 12.0 million of additional adjusted gross margin in 2023 and 12.3 million in 2024. 
 
 Escambia Meter Station 
 In June 2021, Peninsula Pipeline purchased the Escambia Meter Station from Florida Power and Light and entered into a Transportation Service Agreement with Gulf Power Company to provide up to 530,000 Dts/d of firm service from an interconnect with FGT to Florida Power Light s Crist Lateral pipeline. The Florida Power Light Crist Lateral provides gas supply to their natural gas fired power plant owned by Florida Power Light in Pensacola, Florida. We generated generated 1.0 million in additional adjusted gross margin in 2022 and estimate that this acquisition will generate adjusted gross margin of approximately 1.0 million in 2023 and beyond. 
 
 R e gulatory Initiatives 
 
 Florida GRIP 
 Florida GRIP is a natural gas pipe replacement program approved by the Florida PSC that allows automatic recovery, through rates, of costs associated with the replacement of mains and services. Since the program's inception in August 2012, the Company has invested 203.2 million of capital expenditures to replace 353 miles of qualifying distribution mains, including 13.7 million and 23.6 million of new pipes during 2022 and 2021, respectively. GRIP generated additional gross margin of 2.9 million for the year ended 2022 compared to 2021. We are currently projecting to complete this program in the first quarter of 2023 and expect to generate adjusted gross margin of 19.9 million in 2023 and 2024, respectively. The adjusted gross margin on GRIP investments are expected to continue to be generated as we have included the investments, and the associated expenses, in the base rate proceeding that was filed in May 2022. See additional discussion below for further details on the Florida Natural Gas Base Rate Proceeding. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 35 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Cost Surcharge Programs 
 In December 2019, the FERC approved Eastern Shore s capital cost surcharge to become effective January 1, 2020. The surcharge, an approved item in the settlement of Eastern Shore s last general rate case, allows Eastern Shore to recover capital costs associated with mandated highway or railroad relocation projects that required the replacement of existing Eastern Shore facilities. In 2022 there was an increase of 0.8 million in adjusted gross margin related to the program. Eastern Shore expects to produce adjusted gross margin of approximately 2.8 million in 2023 and 2024 from relocation projects, which is ultimately dependent upon the timing of filings and the completion of construction. 
 
 Elkton Gas STRIDE Plan 
 In June 2021, we reached a settlement with the Maryland PSC Staff and the Maryland Office of the Peoples Counsel regarding a five-year plan to replace Aldyl-A pipelines and recover the associated costs of those replacements through a fixed charge rider. The STRIDE plan went into service in September 2021 and is expected to generate 0.4 million of additional adjusted gross margin in 2023 and annually thereafter. 
 
 Florida Natural Gas Base Rate Proceeding 
 In May 2022, our natural gas distribution businesses in Florida (FPU, FPU-Indiantown division, FPU-Fort Meade division and Chesapeake Utilities CFG division, collectively, Florida natural gas distribution businesses filed a consolidated natural gas rate case with the Florida PSC. The application included a request for the following: (i) permanent rate relief of approximately 24.1 million, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a depreciation study also submitted with the filing; (iii) authorization to make certain changes to tariffs to include the consolidation of rates and rate structure across the businesses and to unify the Florida natural gas distribution businesses under FPU; (iv) authorization to retain the acquisition adjustment recorded at the time of the FPU merger in our revenue requirement;and (v) authorization to establish an environmental remediation surcharge for the purposes of addressing future expected remediation costs for FPU MGP sites. In August 2022, interim rates were approved by the Florida PSC in the amount of approximately 7.7 million on an annualized basis, effective for all meter readings in September 2022. The discovery process and related hearings were concluded during the fourth quarter of 2022 and briefs were submitted in the same quarter of 2022. In January 2023, the Florida PSC approved the application for consolidation and permanent rate relief of approximately 17.2 million on an annual basis. Actual rates in connection with the rate relief were approved by the Florida PSC in February 2023 with an effective date of March 1, 2023. 
 
 Storm Protection Plan 
 In 2020, the Florida PSC implemented the SPP and SPPCR rules, which require electric utilities to petition the Florida PSC for approval of a Transmission and Distribution Storm Protection Plan that covers the utility s immediate 10-year planning period with updates to the plan at least every 3 years. The SPPCR rules allow the utility to file for recovery of associated costs related to its SPP. Our Florida electric distribution operation's SPP and SPPCRC were filed d uring the first quarter of 2022 and approved in the fourth quarter of 2022 with modifications, by the Florida PSC. This initiative is expected to generate adjusted gross margin of approximately 1.1 million in 2023 and 2.1 million in 2024, and we expect continued investment under the SPP going forward. 
 
 COVID-19 Regulatory Proceeding 
 In October 2020, the Florida PSC approved a joint petition of our natural gas and electric distribution utilities in Florida to establish a regulatory asset to record incremental expenses incurred due to COVID-19. The regulatory asset allows us to obtain recovery of these costs in the next base rate proceedings. The Company s Florida regulated business units reached a settlement with the Florida OPC in June 2021, enabling the business units to establish a regulatory asset of 2.1 million. This amount includes COVID-19 related incremental expenses for bad debt write-offs, personnel protective equipment, cleaning and business information services for remote work. Our Florida regulated business units are currently amortizing the amount over two years effective January 1, 2022 and recovering the regulatory asset through the Purchased Gas Adjustment and Swing Service mechanisms for the natural gas business units and through the Fuel Purchased Power Cost Recovery clause for the electric division. This results in additional adjusted gross margin of 1.0 million annually that is being offset by a corresponding amortization of regulatory asset expense, for both 2022 and 2023 . 
 
 Other Major Factors Influencing Adjusted Gross Margin 
 
 Weather and Consumption 
 Weather conditions accounted for increased adjusted gross margin of 1.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The following table summarizes heating degree day ("HDD") and cooling degree day CDD variances from the 10-year average HDD/CDD ("Normal") for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 36 

Table of Contents 

HDD and CDD Information For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance 2021 2020 Variance Delmarva Actual HDD 4,088 3,849 239 3,849 3,716 133 10-Year Average HDD ("Normal") 4,147 4,182 (35) 4,182 4,294 (112) Variance from Normal (59) (333) (333) (578) Florida (1) 
 Actual HDD 836 829 7 829 745 84 10-Year Average HDD ("Normal") 828 839 (11) 839 933 (94) Variance from Normal 8 (10) (10) (188) Ohio Actual HDD 5,532 5,138 394 5,138 5,218 (80) 10-Year Average HDD ("Normal") 5,557 5,621 (64) 5,621 5,701 (80) Variance from Normal (25) (483) (483) (483) Florida (1) 
 Actual CDD 2,826 2,687 139 2,687 3,078 (391) 10-Year Average CDD ("Normal") 2,929 2,952 (23) 2,952 2,931 21 Variance from Normal (103) (265) (265) 147 (1) Prior year amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation. 
 Natural Gas Distribution Growth 
 Customer growth for our natural gas distribution operations, as a result of the addition of new customers and the conversion of customers from alternative fuel sources to natural gas service, generated 3.7 million of additional adjusted gross margin in 2022. The average number of residential customers served on the Delmarva Peninsula and Florida increased by approximately 5.7 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively, during 2022. On the Delmarva Peninsula, a larger percentage of the adjusted gross margin growth was generated from residential growth given the expansion of gas into new housing communities and conversions to natural gas as our distribution infrastructure continues to build out. In Florida, as new communities continue to build out due to population growth and infrastructure is added to support the growth, there is increased load from both residential customers as well as new commercial and industrial customers. The details are provided in the following table: 
 
 Adjusted Gross Margin Increase For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) Delmarva Peninsula Florida Customer growth: Residential 2,045 938 Commercial and industrial 402 347 Total customer growth 2,447 1,285 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 37 

Table of Contents 

 R EGULATED E NERGY 
 Increase Increase For the Year Ended December 2022 2021 (decrease) 2021 2020 (decrease) (in thousands) Revenue 429,424 383,920 45,504 383,920 352,746 31,174 Natural gas and electric costs 127,172 100,737 26,435 100,737 91,994 8,743 Adjusted gross margin (1) 
 302,252 283,183 19,069 283,183 260,752 22,431 Operations maintenance 112,963 108,190 4,773 108,190 104,379 3,811 Gain from a settlement (130) 130 Depreciation amortization 52,707 48,748 3,959 48,748 46,079 2,669 Other taxes 21,265 20,071 1,194 20,071 18,300 1,771 Other operating expenses 186,935 177,009 9,926 177,009 168,628 8,381 Operating Income 115,317 106,174 9,143 106,174 92,124 14,050 
 (1) Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-GAAP measure utilized by Management to review business unit performance. For a more detailed discussion on the differences between Gross Margin (GAAP) and Adjusted Gross Margin, see the Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures presented above. 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Operating income for the Regulated Energy segment for 2022 was 115.3 million, an increase of 9.1 million, or 8.6 percent, compared to 2021. Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 included a 2.5 million reduction in other operating expenses resulting from regulatory deferral of certain costs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Absent this benefit, operating income increased 11.7 million, or 11.3 percent. Higher operating income reflects continued pipeline expansions by Eastern Shore, Peninsula Pipeline and Aspire Energy Express, incremental contributions from regulated infrastructure programs, organic growth in our natural gas distribution businesses, interim rates associated with the Florida natural gas base rate proceeding, increased customer consumption, cost recovery associated with pandemic related costs, and operating results from the Escambia Meter Station acquisition completed in 2021. Eliminating the benefits of regulatory asset accounting in 2021, operating expenses increased by 7.4 million compared to the prior year primarily due to higher depreciation, amortization and property taxes, increased employee expenses driven by continued competition in the labor market, facilities, maintenance and outside services as well as vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs. 
 Items contributing to the year-over-year adjusted gross margin increase are listed in the following table: 
 (in thousands) Natural gas transmission service expansions 4,399 Contributions from regulated infrastructure programs 3,926 Natural gas growth (excluding service expansions) 3,732 Contribution from implementation of interim rates approved by FL PSC 2,474 Customer consumption - inclusive of weather 1,263 Contribution from rates associated with recovery of pandemic related costs 1,040 Increased adjusted gross margin from off-system natural gas capacity sales 826 Escambia Meter Station acquisition 416 Other variances 993 Year-over-year increase in adjusted gross margin 19,069 
 
 The following narrative discussion provides further detail and analysis of the significant variances in adjusted gross margin detailed above. 
 
 Natural Gas Transmission Service Expansions 
 We generated increased adjusted gross margin of 4.4 million from natural gas transmission service expansions including, Peninsula Pipeline's Western Palm Beach County project, Eastern Shore's Del-Mar Energy Pathway project and the Guernsey pipeline expansion. 
 
 Contributions from Regulated Infrastructure Programs 
 Contributions from regulated infrastructure programs generated incremental adjusted gross margin of 3.9 million for the year. The increase in adjusted gross margin was primarily related to continued investment in the Florida GRIP, Eastern Shore's 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 38 

Table of Contents 

 capital surcharge program, the Elkton Gas STRIDE Plan and Florida's Storm Protection Plan. Refer to Note 18, Rates and Other Regulatory Activities , in the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution Customer Growth 
 We generated additional adjusted gross margin of 3.7 million from natural gas customer growth. Adjusted gross margin increased by 1.3 million in Florida and 2.4 million on the Delmarva Peninsula compared to 2021, due primarily to residential customer growth of 4.2 percent and 5.7 percent in Florida and on the Delmarva Peninsula, respectively. 
 
 Interim Rates Associated with the Florida Natural Gas Base Rate Proceeding 
 In August 2022, the Florida PSC approved interim rates starting in September 2022. These interim rates contributed additional adjusted gross margin of 2.5 million. Please refer to Note 18, Rates and Other Regulatory Activities , in the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Customer Consumption - Inclusive of Weather 
 Increased customer consumption contributed additional adjusted gross margin of 1.3 million for the year compared to 2021. 
 
 Contributions from Rates Associated with Recovery of Pandemic Related Costs 
 In July 2021, the Florida PSC approved an order that allowed us to establish a regulatory asset to recover incremental expenses we incurred due to COVID resulting in additional adjusted gross margin of 1.0 million. This adjusted gross margin was offset by a corresponding amortization of regulatory asset expense. 
 
 Contributions from Off-System Natural Gas Sales 
 We generated additional adjusted gross margin of 0.8 million related to off-system natural gas capacity sales. 
 
 Contribution from Acquisitions 
 The acquisition of the Escambia meter station in June 2021 contributed additional adjusted gross margin of 0.4 million. 

The major components of the increase in other operating expenses are as follows: 
 (in thousands) Depreciation, amortization and property tax costs due to new capital investments 5,453 Absence of regulatory deferral of COVID-19 expenses per PSC's orders 2,545 Payroll, benefits and other employee-related expenses 1,214 Facilities expenses, maintenance costs and outside services 641 Increased vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs 356 Other variances (283) Period-over-period increase in other operating expenses 9,926 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 The results for the Regulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 are described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 39 

Table of Contents 

 U NREGULATED E NERGY 
 Increase Increase For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (decrease) 2021 2020 (decrease) (in thousands) Revenue 280,750 206,869 73,881 206,869 152,525 54,344 Propane and natural gas costs 162,683 106,900 55,783 106,900 62,779 44,121 Adjusted gross margin (1) 
 118,067 99,969 18,098 99,969 89,746 10,223 Operations maintenance 70,489 57,905 12,584 57,905 53,839 4,066 Depreciation amortization 16,257 13,869 2,388 13,869 11,988 1,881 Other taxes 3,971 3,768 203 3,768 3,255 513 Other operating expenses 90,717 75,542 15,175 75,542 69,082 6,460 Operating Income 27,350 24,427 2,923 24,427 20,664 3,763 
 (1) Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-GAAP measure utilized by Management to review business unit performance. For a more detailed discussion on the differences between Gross Margin (GAAP) and Adjusted Gross Margin, see the Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures presented above. 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Operating income for the Unregulated Energy segment for 2022 was 27.4 million, an increase of 2.9 million compared to 2021. The higher operating income is a result of contributions from the acquisition of Diversified Energy, increased propane margins including higher service fees, increased demand for CNG, RNG and LNG services, and increased volumes from both Aspire and propane. These adjusted gross margin increases were partially offset by increased operating expenses associated with the acquisition of Diversified Energy, including costs to integrate the business in line with Sharp's operating practices, as well as increased payroll, benefits and employee related expenses driven by competition in the current labor market, increased costs for facilities, maintenance and outside services, depreciation, amortization and property taxes, as well as higher vehicle expenses largely due to rising fuel costs. 
 Adjusted Gross Margin 
 Items contributing to the year-over-year increase in adjusted gross margin are listed in the following table: 
 (in thousands) Propane Operations Propane acquisitions completed in 2022 and 2021 10,159 Increased propane margins and fees 3,575 Increased customer consumption - inclusive of weather 378 Decreased customer consumption due to conversion of customers to our natural gas system (694) CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure Increased demand for CNG/RNG/LNG services 3,534 Aspire Energy Increased customer consumption - primarily weather related 1,475 Other variances (329) Year-over-year increase in adjusted gross margin 18,098 
 
 The following narrative discussion provides further detail and analysis of the significant items in the foregoing table. 
 Propane Operations 
 Recent propane acquisitions - Adjusted gross margin increased by 10.2 million due to recent propane acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Increased propane margins and fees - Adjusted gross margin increased by 3.6 million, mainly due to increased customer service fees, lower propane inventory costs and favorable market conditions as well as resuming the assessment of our customary service fees. Propane margins also increased due to realized gains associated with our SWAP agreements. These market conditions, which include market pricing and competition with other propane suppliers, as well as the availability and price of alternative energy sources, may fluctuate based on changes in demand, supply and other energy commodity prices. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 40 

Table of Contents 

 Increased customer consumption due to weather - Adjusted gross margin increased by 0.4 million due to higher consumption of gas as weather was 6 percent colder than the prior year. 
 
 Decreased customer consumption due to conversion of customers to natural gas - Adjusted gross margin decreased by 0.7 million due to customer conversions from propane service to the Company's natural gas distribution business. 
 
 CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure 
 Increased demand for CNG services - Adjusted gross margin increased by 3.5 million due to higher demand for CNG hold services for Marlin and contributions from an Aspire RNG project. 
 
 Aspire Energy 
 Increased customer consumption primarily weather related - Adjusted gross margin increased by 1.5 million due to higher consumption of gas as weather in Ohio was approximately 8 percent colder than the prior year. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Items contributing to the period-over-period increase in other operating expenses are listed in the following table: 
 (in thousands) Operating expenses associated with recent propane acquisitions 9,586 Increased payroll, benefits and other employee-related expenses 2,351 Increased facilities expenses, maintenance costs and outside services 1,110 Increased depreciation, amortization and property tax costs 848 Increased vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs 570 Other variances 710 Period-over-period increase in other operating expenses 15,175 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 The results for the Unregulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 are described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated by reference. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 41 

Table of Contents 

 O THER INCOME , NET 
 Other income, net was 5.1 million and 1.7 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other income, net includes non-operating investment income (expense), interest income, late fees charged to customers, gains or losses from the sale of assets for our unregulated businesses and pension and other benefits expense. The increase from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to a higher level of gains recognized on the sale of assets and interest income received in connection to a federal income tax refund received during 2022. 
 
 I NTEREST C HARGES 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Interest charges for 2022 increased by 4.2 million, compared to the same period in 2021, attributable primarily to an increase of 2.0 million in higher interest rates on outstanding borrowings under our Revolver, 1.9 million in interest expense as a result of a long-term debt placement in 2022 and 0.3 million of an amortization credit/reduction in interest expense associated with a regulatory liability that was established in connection with the Hurricane Michael regulatory proceeding settlement. The interest rate associated with our Revolver increased by 4.3 percent in 2022 as a result of the Federal Reserve raising interest rates. Any additional increases in interest rates by the Federal Reserve would have a corresponding increase in the interest rates charged under our Revolver. 
 I NCOME T AXES 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Income tax expense was 33.8 million for 2022 compared to 29.2 million for 2021. Our effective income tax rates were 27.4 percent and 25.9 percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we implemented certain provisions of the CARES Act that allowed us to carryback net operating losses into prior year periods where the federal income tax rate was higher. The tax benefits associated with this legislation were not available for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the CARES Act, we recognized a 0.9 million reduction in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. Absent the provisions of the CARES Act, our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 26.8 percent. 

L IQUIDITY AND C APITAL R ESOURCES 
 Our capital requirements reflect the capital-intensive and seasonal nature of our business and are principally attributable to investment in new plant and equipment, retirement of outstanding debt and seasonal variability in working capital. We rely on cash generated from operations, short-term borrowings, and other sources to meet normal working capital requirements and to temporarily finance capital expenditures. We may also issue long-term debt and equity to fund capital expenditures and to maintain our capital structure within our target capital structure range. We maintain an effective shelf registration statement with the SEC for the issuance of shares of common stock under various types of equity offerings, including shares of common stock under our ATM equity program, as well as an effective registration statement with respect to the DRIP. Depending on our capital needs and subject to market conditions, in addition to other possible debt and equity offerings, we may consider issuing additional shares under the direct share purchase component of the DRIP and/or under the ATM equity program. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, we issued shares of common stock under both the DRIP and the ATM equity program. 
 
 Our energy businesses are weather-sensitive and seasonal. We normally generate a large portion of our annual net income and subsequent increases in our accounts receivable in the first and fourth quarters of each year due to significant volumes of natural gas, electricity, and propane delivered by our distribution operations, and our natural gas transmission operations to customers during the peak heating season. In addition, our natural gas and propane inventories, which usually peak in the fall months, are largely drawn down in the heating season and provide a source of cash as the inventory is used to satisfy winter sales demand. 
 Capital expenditures for investments in new or acquired plant and equipment are our largest capital requirements. Our capital expenditures were 140.7 million in 2022. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows total capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 by segment and by business line: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Regulated Energy: Natural gas distribution 69,799 Natural gas transmission 22,220 Electric distribution 5,535 Total Regulated Energy 97,554 Unregulated Energy: Propane distribution 15,658 Energy transmission 7,264 Other unregulated energy 17,851 Total Unregulated Energy 40,773 Other: Corporate and other businesses 2,355 Total Other 2,355 Total 2022 Capital Expenditures 140,682 
 In the table below, we have provided a range of our forecasted capital expenditures for 2023: 
 Estimate for Fiscal 2023 (dollars in thousands) Low High Regulated Energy: Natural gas distribution 89,000 100,000 Natural gas transmission 50,000 60,000 Electric distribution 13,000 15,000 Total Regulated Energy 152,000 175,000 Unregulated Energy: Propane distribution 15,000 16,000 Energy transmission 8,000 9,000 Other unregulated energy 23,000 27,000 Total Unregulated Energy 46,000 52,000 Other: Corporate and other businesses 2,000 3,000 Total Other 2,000 3,000 Total 2023 Forecasted Capital Expenditures 200,000 230,000 
 
 The 2023 forecast, which excludes potential acquisitions due to their opportunistic nature, includes capital expenditures for the following: Pipeline expansions related to the Eastern Shore Southern expansion, Florida Beachside Pipeline, the Wildlight pipeline expansion, other small pipeline expansion opportunities, continued distribution system expansions including further expansion in Somerset County, Maryland and the Wildlight development in Florida. Furthermore, the 2023 forecast includes continued expenditures under the Florida GRIP, the capital cost surcharge program and the Elkton Gas STRIDE program as well as information technology system enhancements and other strategic initiatives and investments. 
 
 The capital expenditure projection is subject to continuous review and modification. Actual capital requirements may vary from the above estimates due to a number of factors, including changing economic conditions, supply chain disruptions, capital delays that are greater than currently anticipated, customer growth in existing areas, regulation, new growth or acquisition opportunities and availability of capital and other factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors . Historically, actual capital expenditures have typically lagged behind the budgeted amounts. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 43 

Table of Contents 

 The timing of capital expenditures can vary based on delays in regulatory approvals, securing environmental approvals and other permits. The regulatory application and approval process has lengthened in the past few years, and we expect this trend to continue. 
 Capital Structure 
 
 We are committed to maintaining a sound capital structure and strong credit ratings. This commitment, along with adequate and timely rate relief for our regulated energy operations, is intended to ensure our ability to attract capital from outside sources at a reasonable cost, which will benefit our customers, creditors, employees and stockholders. 
 The following tables present our capitalization, excluding and including short-term borrowings, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Long-term debt, net of current maturities 578,388 41 549,903 42 Stockholders equity 832,801 59 774,130 58 Total capitalization, excluding short-term borrowings 1,411,189 100 1,324,033 100 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Short-term debt 202,157 12 221,634 14 Long-term debt, including current maturities 599,871 37 567,866 36 Stockholders equity 832,801 51 774,130 50 Total capitalization, including short-term borrowings 1,634,829 100 1,563,630 100 
 Our target ratio of equity to total capitalization, including short-term borrowings, is between 50 and 60 percent. We seek to align permanent financing with the in-service dates of capital projects. We may utilize more temporary short-term debt when the financing cost is attractive as a bridge to the permanent long-term financing or if the equity markets are volatile. 
 In 2021, we issued approximately 0.1 million shares at an average price per share of 125.71 and received net proceeds of 15.2 million under the DRIP. In 2022, we issued less than 0.1 million shares at an average price per share of 136.26 and received net proceeds of 4.5 million under the DRIP. See Note 15, Stockholders Equity , in the consolidated financial statements for additional information on commissions and fees paid in connection with these issuances. 
 Uncollateralized Senior Notes 
 All of our Senior Notes require periodic principal and interest payments as specified in each note. They also contain various restrictions. The most stringent restrictions state that we must maintain equity of at least 40 percent of total capitalization (including short-term borrowings), and the fixed charge coverage ratio must be at least 1.2 times. The most recent Senior Notes issued since September 2013 also contain a restriction that we must maintain an aggregate net book value in our regulated business assets of at least 50 percent of our consolidated total assets. Failure to comply with those covenants could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the Senior Note agreements. 
 Certain Uncollateralized Senior Notes contain a restricted payments covenant as defined in the respective note agreements. The most restrictive covenants of this type are included within the 5.93 percent Senior Note, due October 31, 2023. The covenant provides that we cannot pay or declare any dividends or make any other restricted payments in excess of the sum of 10.0 million, plus our consolidated net income accrued on and after January 1, 2003. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative consolidated net income base was 754.2 million, offset by restricted payments of 326.4 million, leaving 427.8 million of cumulative net income free of restrictions. 
 Shelf Agreements 
 We have entered into Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife, whom are under no obligation to purchase any unsecured debt. The following table summarizes our Shelf Agreements at December 31, 2022: 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 44 

Table of Contents 

 Total Borrowing Capacity Less: Amount of Debt Issued Less: Unfunded Commitments Remaining Borrowing Capacity Shelf Agreement (1) 
 (in thousands) Prudential Shelf Agreement (2) 
 370,000 (220,000) (80,000) 70,000 MetLife Shelf Agreement 150,000 (50,000) 100,000 Total 520,000 (270,000) (80,000) 170,000 
 (1) The amended Prudential and MetLife Shelf Agreements both expire in February 2026. 
 (2) Unfunded commitments of 80.0 million reflects Senior Notes expected to be issued on or before March 14, 2023. 
 
 In February 2023, we amended our Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife. The amended agreements now provide for total borrowing capacity of up to 405.0 million under the Prudential Shelf Agreement and 200.0 million under the MetLife Shelf Agreement. Additionally, the amendments extend the term of the agreements for an additional three years from the effective dates. 
 The Uncollateralized Senior Notes, Shelf Agreements and Shelf Notes set forth certain business covenants to which we are subject when any note is outstanding, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to incur indebtedness, or place or permit liens and encumbrances on any of our property or the property of our subsidiaries. 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 We are authorized by our Board of Directors to borrow up to 400.0 million of short-term debt, as required. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 202.2 million and 221.6 million, respectively, of short-term borrowings outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 5.04 percent and 0.83 percent, respectively. 
 
 In August 2021, we amended and restated our Revolver into a multi-tranche facility totaling 400.0 million with multiple participating lenders. The two tranches of the facility consist of a 200.0 million 364-day short-term debt tranche and a 200.0 million five-year tranche, both of which have three (3) one-year extension options, which can be authorized by our Chief Financial Officer. We are eligible to establish the repayment term for individual borrowings under the five-year tranche of the Revolver and to the extent that an individual loan under the Revolver exceeded 12 months, the outstanding balance would be classified as a component of long-term debt. 
 In August 2022, we amended both tranches of the Revolver, which now bear interest using SOFR as the benchmark interest rate, plus a 10-basis point SOFR adjustment, in lieu of LIBOR which is being retired by financial institutions. In addition, the 364-day tranche was extended for the upcoming year, expiring in August 2023. As part of these amendments, the parties agreed to eliminate the previous covenant capping the aggregate investments at 150.0 million where we maintain an ownership interest less than 50 percent. Additionally, the 364-day tranche of the facility now offers a reduced interest margin similar to the five-year tranche for amounts borrowed in connection with new sustainable investments. All other terms and conditions remained unchanged. Borrowings outstanding under the sustainable investment sublimit of the 364-day tranche amounted to 9.4 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The availability of funds under the Revolver is subject to conditions specified in the credit agreement, all of which we currently satisfy. These conditions include our compliance with financial covenants and the continued accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the Revolver's loan documents. We are required by the financial covenants in the Revolver to maintain, at the end of each fiscal year, a funded indebtedness ratio of no greater than 65 percent. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with this covenant. 
 
 The 364-day tranche of the Revolver expires in August 2023 and the five-year tranche expires in August 2026, both of which are available to fund our short-term cash needs to meet seasonal working capital requirements and to temporarily fund portions of our capital expenditures. Borrowings under both tranches of the Revolver are subject to a pricing grid, including the commitment fee and the interest rate charged based upon our total indebtedness to total capitalization ratio for the prior quarter. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the 364-day tranche of the Revolver does not include an unused commitment fee and maintains an interest rate of 70 basis points over SOFR plus a 10 basis point SOFR adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the five-year tranche of the Revolver included an unused commitment fee of 9 basis points and an interest rate of 95 basis points over SOFR plus a 10 basis point SOFR adjustment. 
 
 Our total available credit under the Revolver at December 31, 2022 was 192.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued 5.8 million in letters of credit to various counterparties under the syndicated Revolver. These letters of credit are not 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 45 

Table of Contents 

 included in the outstanding short-term borrowings and we do not anticipate they will be drawn upon by the counterparties. The letters of credit reduce the available borrowings under the Revolver. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into two 30.0 million interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of 60.0 million through December 2021 with pricing of 0.20 percent and 0.205 percent for the period associated with our outstanding borrowing under the Revolver. In February 2021, we entered into an additional interest rate swap with a notional amount of 40.0 million through December 2021 with pricing of 0.17 percent. In the third quarter of 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of 50.0 million through September 30, 2025 at a price of 3.98 percent. 
 Key statistics regarding our unsecured short-term credit facilities (our Revolver and previous bilateral lines of credit and revolving credit facility) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Average borrowings during the year 170,434 182,305 230,526 Weighted average interest rate for the year 2.49 1.03 1.50 Maximum month-end borrowings 225,050 226,097 284,914 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a summary of our operating, investing and financing cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 158,882 150,504 158,916 Investing activities (136,448) (223,023) (181,631) Financing activities (21,206) 73,996 19,229 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,228 1,477 (3,486) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 4,976 3,499 6,985 Cash and cash equivalents end of period 6,204 4,976 3,499 
 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 Changes in our cash flows from operating activities are attributable primarily to changes in net income, adjusted for non-cash items, such as depreciation and changes in deferred income taxes, and changes in working capital. Working capital requirements are determined by a variety of factors, including weather, the prices of natural gas, electricity and propane, the timing of customer collections, payments for purchases of natural gas, electricity and propane, and deferred fuel cost recoveries. 
 We normally generate a large portion of our annual net income and related increases in our accounts receivable in the first and fourth quarters of each year due to significant volumes of natural gas and propane delivered to customers during the peak heating season by our natural gas and propane operations and our natural gas supply, gathering and processing operation. In addition, our natural gas and propane inventories, which usually peak in the fall months, are largely drawn down in the heating season and provide a source of cash as the inventory is used to satisfy winter sales demand. 
 During 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 158.9 million. Operating cash flows were primarily impacted by the following: 
 Net income, adjusted for non-cash adjustments, provided a 169.4 million source of cash; 
 An increased level of deferred taxes associated with incremental tax depreciation from growth investments resulted in a source of cash of 23.7 million; 
 A decrease in income tax receivables increased cash inflows by 14.9 million. 
 Changes in net regulatory assets and liabilities due primarily to the change in fuel costs collected through the various cost recovery mechanisms resulted in a 38.7 million use of cash; and 
 Other working capital changes, impacted primarily by propane inventory purchases and hedging activities, resulted in a 10.5 million use of cash. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 46 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 136.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Key investing activities contributing to the cash flow change included: 
 Cash used to pay for capital expenditures was 128.3 million for 2022; and 
 Net cash of 11.8 million was used to acquire Planet Found and Davenport in 2022. 
 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 21.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This use of cash included: 
 A use of cash of 35.1 million for dividend payments in 2022; 
 Repayments under lines of credit resulted in a use of cash of 20.6 million; 
 Net increase in long-term debt borrowings resulted in a net source of cash of 31.9 million to permanently finance investment in growth initiatives, including 49.9 million from issuances, offset by long-term repayments of 18.0 million; and 
 Source of cash of 4.5 million from issuance of stock under the DRIP. 
 
 C ONTRACTUAL O BLIGATIONS 
 We have the following contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments Due by Period Contractual Obligations 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 After 2027 Total (in thousands) Long-term debt (1) 
 21,483 44,033 66,225 469,076 600,817 Operating leases (2) 
 2,871 4,707 3,213 6,192 16,983 Purchase obligations (3) 
 Transmission capacity 36,653 69,127 57,565 125,227 288,572 Storage capacity 1,281 801 801 100 2,983 Commodities 39,181 39,181 Electric supply 6,406 12,887 12,961 19,441 51,695 Unfunded benefits (4) 
 268 542 530 1,134 2,474 Funded benefits (5) 
 1,539 3,078 3,078 2,856 10,551 Total Contractual Obligations 109,682 135,175 144,373 624,026 1,013,256 
 (1) This represents principal payments on long-term debt. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12 , Long-Term Debt , for additional information. The expected interest payments on long-term debt are 19.9 million, 37.4 million, 33.6 million and 89.8 million, respectively, for the periods indicated above. Expected interest payments for all periods total 180.7 million. 
 (2) See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14 , Leases , for additional information. 
 (3) See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 20 , Other Commitments and Contingencies , for additional information. 
 (4) These amounts associated with our unfunded post-employment and post-retirement benefit plans are based on expected payments to current retirees and assume a retirement age of 62 for currently active employees. There are many factors that would cause actual payments to differ from these amounts, including early retirement, future health care costs that differ from past experience and discount rates implicit in calculations. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plan s, for additional information on the plans. 
 (5) We have recorded long-term liabilities of 3.7 million at December 31, 2022 for the FPU qualified, defined benefit pension plan. The assets funding this plan is in a separate trust and is not considered assets of ours or included in our balance sheets. We do not expect to make payments to the trust funds in 2023. Additional contributions may be required in future years based on the actual return earned by the plan assets and other actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate and long-term expected rate of return on plan assets. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plan s, for further information on the plans. Additionally, the Contractual Obligations table above includes deferred compensation obligations totaling 10.6 million, funded with Rabbi Trust assets in the same amount. The Rabbi Trust assets are recorded under Investments on the consolidated balance sheets. We assume a retirement age of 65 for purposes of distribution from this trust. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 47 

Table of Contents 

 O FF- B ALANCE S HEET A RRANGEMENTS 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized us to issue corporate guarantees securing obligations of our subsidiaries and to obtain letters of credit securing our subsidiaries' obligations. The maximum authorized liability under such guarantees and letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 was 20.0 million. The aggregate amount guaranteed at December 31, 2022 was approximately 13.5 million with the guarantees expiring on various dates through November 30, 2023. In addition, the Board has authorized us to issue specific purpose corporate guarantees. The amount of specific purpose guarantees outstanding at December 31, 2022 was 11.1 million, including a guarantee issued in July 2022 in the amount of 7.1 million associated with the Florida natural gas rate case. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have issued letters of credit totaling approximately 5.8 million related to the electric transmission services for FPU's electric division, the firm transportation service agreement between TETLP and our Delaware and Maryland divisions, the capacity agreement between NEXUS and Aspire, and our current and previous primary insurance carriers. These letters of credit have various expiration dates through October 25, 2023. There have been no draws on these letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. We do not anticipate that the counterparties will draw upon these letters of credit, and we expect that they will be renewed to the extent necessary in the future. Additional information is presented in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 20 , Other Commitments and Contingencies in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 C RITICAL A CCOUNTING E STIMATES 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Application of these accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingencies during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Since a significant portion of our businesses are regulated and the accounting methods used by these businesses must comply with the requirements of the regulatory bodies, the choices available are limited by these regulatory requirements. In the normal course of business, estimated amounts are subsequently adjusted to actual results that may differ from the estimates. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 As a result of the ratemaking process, we record certain assets and liabilities in accordance with ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations , and consequently, the accounting principles applied by our regulated energy businesses differ in certain respects from those applied by the unregulated businesses. Amounts are deferred as regulatory assets and liabilities when there is a probable expectation that they will be recovered in future revenues or refunded to customers as a result of the regulatory process. This is more fully described in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the consolidated financial statements. If we were required to terminate the application of ASC Topic 980, we would be required to recognize all such deferred amounts as a charge or a credit to earnings, net of applicable income taxes. Such an adjustment could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 Financial Instruments 
 We utilize financial instruments to mitigate commodity price risk associated with fluctuations of natural gas, electricity and propane and to mitigate interest rate risk. We continually monitor the use of these instruments to ensure compliance with our risk management policies and account for them in accordance with GAAP, such that every derivative instrument is recorded as either an asset or a liability measured at its fair value. It also requires that changes in the derivatives' fair value are recognized in the current period earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. If these instruments do not meet the definition of derivatives or are considered normal purchases and normal sales, they are accounted for on an accrual basis of accounting. 
 Additionally, GAAP also requires us to classify the derivative assets and liabilities based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the fair value of the assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy. 
 We determined that certain propane put options, call options, swap agreements and interest rate swap agreements met the specific hedge accounting criteria. We also determined that most of our contracts for the purchase or sale of natural gas, electricity and propane either: (i) did not meet the definition of derivatives because they did not have a minimum purchase/sell requirement, or (ii) were considered normal purchases and normal sales because the contracts provided for the purchase or sale of natural gas, electricity or propane to be delivered in quantities that we expect to use or sell over a reasonable period of time in the normal course of business. Accordingly, these contracts were accounted for on an accrual basis of accounting. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 48 

Table of Contents 

 Additional information about our derivative instruments is disclosed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 8, Derivative Instruments, in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 We test goodwill for impairment at least annually in December. The annual impairment testing for 2022 indicated no impairment of goodwill. Additional information is presented in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10 , Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Other Assets Impairment Evaluations 
 We periodically evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred which indicate that long-lived assets may not be recoverable. When events or circumstances indicate that an impairment is present, we record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value, if any. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Pension and other postretirement plan costs and liabilities are determined on an actuarial basis and are affected by numerous assumptions and estimates including the market value of plan assets, estimates of the expected returns on plan assets, assumed discount rates, the level of contributions made to the plans, and current demographic and actuarial mortality data. The assumed discount rates and the expected returns on plan assets are the assumptions that generally have the most significant impact on the pension costs and liabilities. The assumed discount rates, the assumed health care cost trend rates and the assumed rates of retirement generally have the most significant impact on our postretirement plan costs and liabilities. Additional information is presented in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plans, in the consolidated financial statements, including plan asset investment allocation, estimated future benefit payments, general descriptions of the plans, significant assumptions, the impact of certain changes in assumptions, and significant changes in estimates. 
 At December 31, 2022, actuarial assumptions include expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for FPU's pension plan of 6.00 percent and a discount rate of 5.25 percent. The discount rate was determined by management considering high-quality corporate bond rates, such as the Empower curve index and the FTSE Index, changes in those rates from the prior year and other pertinent factors, including the expected lives of the plans and the availability of the lump-sum payment option. A 0.25 percent increase or decrease in the discount rate would not have a material impact on our pension and postretirement costs. 
 
 Actual changes in the fair value of plan assets and the differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets could have a material effect on the amount of pension benefit costs that we ultimately recognize for our funded pension plan. A 0.25 percent change in the rate of return would not have a material impact on our annual pension cost for the FPU pension plan. 

ITEM 7A. Q UANTITATIVE AND Q UALITATIVE D ISCLOSURES A BOUT M ARKET R ISK. 
 I NTEREST R ATE R ISK 
 Long-term debt is subject to potential losses based on changes in interest rates. We evaluate whether to refinance existing debt or permanently refinance existing short-term borrowings based in part on the fluctuation in interest rates. The fluctuation in interest rates expose us to potential increased cost we could incur when we issue debt instruments or to provide financing and liquidity for our business activities. We utilize interest rate swap agreements to mitigate short-term borrowing rate risk. Additional information about our long-term debt and short-term borrowing is disclosed in Note 12, Long-Term Debt, and Note 13, Short-Term Borrowings , respectively, in the consolidated financial statements. 
 C OMMODITY P RICE R ISK 
 Regulated Energy Segment 
 We have entered into agreements with various wholesale suppliers to purchase natural gas and electricity for resale to our customers. Our regulated energy distribution businesses that sell natural gas or electricity to end-use customers have fuel cost recovery mechanisms authorized by the PSCs that allow us to recover all of the costs prudently incurred in purchasing natural gas and electricity for our customers. Therefore, our regulated energy distribution operations have limited commodity price risk exposure. 
 Unregulated Energy Segment 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 49 

Table of Contents 

 Our propane operations are exposed to commodity price risk as a result of the competitive nature of retail pricing offered to our customers. In order to mitigate this risk, we utilize propane storage activities and forward contracts for supply and sales activities. 
 We can store up to approximately 8.7 million gallons of propane (including leased storage and rail cars) during the winter season to meet our customers peak requirements and to serve metered customers. Decreases in the wholesale price of propane may cause the value of stored propane to decline, particularly if we utilize fixed price forward contracts for supply. To mitigate the risk of propane commodity price fluctuations on the inventory valuation, we have adopted a Risk Management Policy that allows our propane distribution operation to enter into fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or other economic hedges of our inventory. 
 Aspire Energy is exposed to commodity price risk, primarily during the winter season, to the extent we are not successful in balancing our natural gas purchases and sales and have to secure natural gas from alternative sources at higher spot prices. In order to mitigate this risk, we procure firm capacity that meets our estimated volume requirements and we continue to seek out new producers in order to fulfill our natural gas purchase requirements. 
 The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of financial derivatives contracts related to propane purchases and sales from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022: 
 (in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2021 Increase (Decrease) in Fair Market Value Less Amounts Settled Balance at December 31, 2022 Sharp 6,333 (1,262) (3,564) 1,507 
 There were no changes in the methods of valuations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The following is a summary of fair market value of financial derivatives as of December 31, 2022, by method of valuation and by maturity for each fiscal year period. 
 (in thousands) 2023 2024 2025 Total Fair Value Price based on Mont Belvieu - Sharp 763 763 (19) 1,507 
 W HOLESALE C REDIT R ISK 
 The Risk Management Committee reviews credit risks associated with counterparties to commodity derivative contracts prior to such contracts being approved. 
 Additional information about our derivative instruments is disclosed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 8, Derivative Instruments, in the consolidated financial statements. 
 I NFLATION 
 Inflation affects the cost of supply, labor, products and services required for operations, maintenance and capital improvements. To help cope with the effects of inflation on our capital investments and returns, we periodically seek rate increases from regulatory commissions for our regulated operations and closely monitor the returns of our unregulated energy business operations. To compensate for fluctuations in propane gas prices, we adjust propane sales prices to the extent allowed by the market. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 50 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 8. F INANCIAL S TATEMENTS AND S UPPLEMENTARY D ATA . 
 
 R EPORT OF I NDEPENDENT R EGISTERED P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 51 

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Energy Transmission and Supply Services (Aspire Energy), Propane Distribution and Marlin Gas Services - Unregulated Energy Segment - Refer to Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded approximately goodwill within the Unregulated Energy reportable segment as of December 31, 2022, all of which relates to the three reporting units listed above. To test goodwill for impairment, the Company uses a present value technique based on discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value of its reporting units. Management s testing of goodwill as of December 31, 2022 indicated no impairment. 
 
 We determined the goodwill impairment assessment for the four reporting units listed above was a critical audit matter because the fair value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management, including those relating to future revenue and operating margin forecasts and discount rates. Testing these estimates involved increased auditor judgment and effort. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the reporting units within the Unregulated Energy reportable segment. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of management s valuation methodology, including testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 We assessed the historical accuracy of management s revenue and operating margin forecasts. 
 We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, current and historical performance of each reporting unit, and other relevant factors. 
 We performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 We evaluated whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, including testing the Company s fair value of all reporting units, inclusive of the Regulated and Unregulated Energy reporting units, in relation to the market capitalization of the Company and assessed the results. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. 

February 22, 2023 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 52 

Table of Contents 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) Operating Revenues Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other businesses and eliminations ) ) ) Total operating revenues Operating Expenses Natural gas and electricity costs Propane and natural gas costs Operations Maintenance Gain from a settlement ) Depreciation and amortization Other taxes Total operating expenses Operating Income Other income, net Interest charges Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Income Taxes on Continuing Operations Income from Continuing Operations Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax ) Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, Net of tax Net Income Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Earnings Per Share of Common Stock: Basic Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations Basic Earnings Per Share of Common Stock Diluted Earnings Per Share of Common Stock: Diluted Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations Diluted Earnings Per Share of Common Stock 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 53 

Table of Contents 

 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax: Employee Benefits, net of tax: Reclassifications of amortization of prior service credit and actuarial (gain) loss, net of tax of 18, 550 and 150, respectively Net gain (loss), net of tax of 243, 93, and (209), respectively ) Cash Flow Hedges, net of tax: Net (loss) gain on commodity contract cash flow hedges, net of tax of (369), 2,702 and 2,063, respectively ) Reclassifications of net (gain) loss on commodity contract cash flow hedges, net of tax of (963), (1,838) and (671), respectively ) ) ) Net gain on interest rate swap cash flow hedges, net of tax of 0, 0, and 4, respectively Reclassifications of net (gain) loss on interest rate swap cash flow hedges, net of tax of 12, 12 and (16), respectively ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) Comprehensive Income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 54 

Table of Contents 

 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 As of December 31, Assets 2022 2021 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) Property, Plant and Equipment Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other businesses and eliminations Total property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Plus: Construction work in progress Net property, plant and equipment Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade and other receivables Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Trade receivables, net Accrued revenue Propane inventory, at average cost Other inventory, at average cost Regulatory assets Storage gas prepayments Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Derivative assets, at fair value Other current assets Total current assets Deferred Charges and Other Assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Investments, at fair value Derivative assets, at fair value Operating lease right-of-use assets Regulatory assets Receivables and other deferred charges Total deferred charges and other assets Total Assets 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 55 

Table of Contents 

 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 As of December 31, Capitalization and Liabilities 2022 2021 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) Capitalization Stockholders equity Preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share (authorized 2,000,000 shares), no shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value 0.4867 per share (authorized 50,000,000 shares) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Deferred compensation obligation Treasury stock ) ) Total stockholders equity Long-term debt, net of current maturities Total capitalization Current Liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Short-term borrowing Accounts payable Customer deposits and refunds Accrued interest Dividends payable Accrued compensation Regulatory liabilities Derivative liabilities, at fair value Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Environmental liabilities Other pension and benefit costs Derivative liabilities at fair value Operating lease - liabilities Deferred investment tax credits and other liabilities Total deferred credits and other liabilities Environmental and other commitments and contingencies (Notes 19 and 20) Total Capitalization and Liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 56 

Table of Contents 

 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net operating cash: Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and accretion included in operations expenses Deferred income taxes, net Gain on sale of discontinued operations ) Realized (loss) on sale of assets/commodity contracts ) ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on investments/commodity contracts ) ) Employee benefits and compensation ) ) Share-based compensation Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and accrued revenue ) ) ) Propane inventory, storage gas and other inventory ) ) Regulatory assets/liabilities, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Income taxes receivable ) Customer deposits and refunds Accrued compensation ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Property, plant and equipment expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations Environmental expenditures ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Common stock dividends ) ) ) Issuance of stock for Dividend Reinvestment Plan Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of expenses Tax withholding payments related to net settled stock compensation ) ) ) Change in cash overdrafts due to outstanding checks ) ) Net borrowings (repayments) under line of credit agreements ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt and finance lease obligation ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents End of Period 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures (see Note 7) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 57 

Table of Contents 

 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Common Stock (1) 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) Number 
 of 
 Shares (2) 
 Par Value Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Deferred Compensation Treasury Stock Total Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net Income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared 1.725 per share) ) ) Equity issuances under various plans (5) 
 Share-based compensation and tax benefit (3) (4) 
 Treasury stock activities (2) 
 ) Cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net Income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared 1.880 per share) ) ) Dividend reinvestment plan (5) 
 Share-based compensation and tax benefit (3) (4) 
 Treasury stock activities (2) 
 ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net Income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared 2.085 per share) ) ) Issuance under various plans (5) 
 Share-based compensation and tax benefit (3) (4) 
 Treasury stock activities (2) 
 ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 (1) shares of preferred stock at par value per share have been authorized. No shares have been issued or are outstanding; accordingly, no information has been included in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity. 
 (2) , and shares at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, held in a Rabbi Trust related to our Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan . 
 (3) 
 (4) , and 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 58 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

2. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 59 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Natural gas transmission - Delmarva Peninsula, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Florida Electric distribution Unregulated Energy Propane operations Mid-Atlantic, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida Natural gas transmission and supply Ohio Electricity and steam generation Mobile CNG and pipeline solutions Renewable energy investments Other Total property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Plus: Construction work in progress Net property, plant and equipment 
 Contributions or Advances in Aid of Construction 
 Customer contributions or advances in aid of construction reduce property, plant and equipment, unless the amounts are refundable to customers. Contributions or advances may be refundable to customers after a number of years based on the amount of revenues generated from the customers or the duration of the service provided to the customers. Refundable contributions or advances are recorded initially as liabilities. Non-refundable contributions reduce property, plant and equipment at the time of such determination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the non-refundable contributions totaled million and million, respectively. 
 AFUDC 
 Some of the additions to our regulated property, plant and equipment include AFUDC, which represents the estimated cost of funds, from both debt and equity sources, used to finance the construction of major projects. AFUDC is capitalized in the applicable rate base for ratemaking purposes when the completed projects are placed in service. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, AFUDC totaled million, million and million, respectively, which was reflected as a reduction of interest charges. 
 Leases 
 We have entered into lease arrangements for office space, land, equipment, pipeline facilities and warehouses. These leases enable us to conduct our business operations in the regions in which we operate. Our operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, other accrued liabilities, and operating lease - liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of months or less are not recorded on our balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Our leases do not provide an implicit lease rate, therefore, we utilize our incremental borrowing rate, as the basis to calculate the present value of future lease payments, at lease commencement. Our incremental borrowing rate represents the rate that we would have to pay to borrow funds on a collateralized basis over a similar term and in a similar economic environment. 
 
 We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. At the adoption of ASC 842, we elected not to separate non-lease components from all classes of our existing leases. The non-lease components have been accounted for as part of the single lease component to which they are related. See Note 14, Leases, for additional information. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 60 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of jointly owned assets at December 31, 2022, primarily comprised of the -mile Callahan intrastate transmission pipeline in Nassau County, Florida jointly-owned with Seacoast Gas Transmission. Peninsula Pipeline's ownership is 50 percent. Direct expenses for the jointly-owned pipeline are included in operating expenses of our consolidated statements of income. Accumulated depreciation for this pipeline totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 
 Natural gas distribution Florida Natural gas transmission Delmarva Peninsula Natural gas transmission Florida Natural gas transmission Ohio N/A N/A Electric distribution 
 
 We report certain depreciation and accretion in operations expense, rather than as a depreciation and amortization expense, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income in accordance with industry practice and regulatory requirements. Depreciation and accretion included in operations expense consists of the accretion of the costs of removal for future retirements of utility assets, vehicle depreciation, computer software and hardware depreciation, and other minor amounts of depreciation expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we reported million, million and million, respectively, of depreciation and accretion in operations expenses. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 61 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 utilities that provide only unbundled delivery service (Chesapeake Utilities' CFG division and FPU's Indiantown division). These mechanisms allow us to adjust billing rates, without further regulatory approvals, to reflect changes in the cost of purchased fuel. Differences between the cost of fuel purchased and delivered are deferred and accounted for as either unrecovered fuel cost or amounts payable to customers. Generally, these deferred amounts are recovered or refunded within year. 
 We charge flexible rates to our natural gas distribution industrial interruptible customers who can use alternative fuels. Interruptible service imposes no contractual obligation to deliver or receive natural gas on a firm service basis. 
 Our unregulated propane distribution businesses record revenue in the period the products are delivered and/or services are rendered for their bulk delivery customers. For propane customers with meters whose billing cycles do not coincide with our accounting periods, we accrue unbilled revenue for product delivered but not yet billed and bill customers at the end of an accounting period, as we do in our regulated energy businesses. 
 Our Ohio natural gas transmission/supply operation recognizes revenues based on actual volumes of natural gas shipped using contractual rates based upon index prices that are published monthly. 
 Eight Flags records revenues based on the amount of electricity and steam generated and sold to its customers. 
 Our mobile compressed natural gas operation recognizes revenue for CNG services at the end of each calendar month for services provided during the month based on agreed upon rates for labor, equipment utilized, costs incurred for natural gas compression, miles driven, mobilization and demobilization fees. 
 We report revenue taxes, such as gross receipts taxes, franchise taxes, and sales taxes, on a net basis. 
 For our businesses with agreements that contain variable consideration, we use the invoice practical expedient method. We determined that the amounts invoiced to customers correspond directly with the value to our customers and our performance to date. 
 Natural Gas, Electric and Propane Costs 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 62 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 63 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Additions: Provision for credit losses Recoveries Deductions: Write offs ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 64 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 65 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Income/(Loss) from Discontinued Operations ) Net Income 
 Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations Basic Earnings Per Share 
 Calculation of Diluted Earnings Per Share: Reconciliation of Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive securities Share-based compensation Adjusted denominator Diluted Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations Diluted Earnings Per Share 

4. 
 
 million. Through this acquisition, the Company expands its operating footprint further into North Carolina, where customers will be served by Sharp Energy s Diversified Energy division. Sharp added approximately customers, and expected distribution of approximately million gallons of propane annually. We recorded million in property plant and equipment, million in goodwill, and immaterial amounts associated with customer relationships and non-compete agreements, all of which are deductible for income tax purposes. The amounts recorded in conjunction with the acquisition are preliminary, and subject to adjustment based on contractual provisions and finalization prior to the first anniversary of the transaction closing. The financial results associated with this acquisition will be included within the Company's propane distribution operations within its Unregulated Energy segment. 
 
 Acquisition of Diversified Energy 
 In December 2021, Sharp acquired the propane operating assets of Diversified Energy for approximately million, net of cash acquired. We initially recorded a million liability related to the seller's adherence to various provisions contained in the purchase agreement which was released upon passage of the first anniversary of the transaction closing. Included with the acquisition, was approximately million of working capital from the Seller consisting predominantly of accounts receivable and propane inventory. We accounted for this acquisition as a business combination within our Unregulated Energy Segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021. In January 2022, we recorded a post-closing true-up of million related to the provision for working capital valuation at the time of closing. In connection with this acquisition, we recorded million in property plant and equipment, million in intangible assets associated with customer relationships and non-compete agreements and million in goodwill, all of which are deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 66 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 residential, commercial and agricultural customers, along with expected distribution of approximately million gallons of propane annually. 
 
 These acquisitions generated operating revenue and operating income of million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the acquisitions generated operating revenue and operating income of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Acquisition of Planet Found Energy Development 
 In October 2022, we acquired Planet Found Energy Development, LLC ("Planet Found") for million. In connection with this acquisition, we recorded a million liability which is subject to the seller's adherence to various provisions contained in the purchase agreement through the first anniversary of the transaction closing. We accounted for this acquisition as a business combination within our Unregulated Energy Segment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022. Planet Found's farm scale anaerobic digestion pilot system and technology produces biogas from tons of poultry litter annually, which can be used to create renewable energy in the form of electricity or upgraded to renewable natural gas. The transaction will accelerate our efforts in converting poultry waste to renewable, sustainable energy while simultaneously improving the local environments in our service territories. At December 31, 2022, the operating revenues and operating income of Planet Found were not material to our consolidated results. 
 
 million in intangible assets associated primarily with intellectual property and non-compete agreements, million in property plant and equipment, million in goodwill, and million in working capital, all of which are deductible for income tax purposes. The amounts recorded in conjunction with the acquisition are preliminary, and subject to adjustment based on contractual provisions and finalization prior to the first anniversary of the transaction closing. 
 
 5. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 67 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Florida natural gas division FPU electric distribution FPU natural gas distribution Maryland natural gas division Sandpiper natural gas/propane operations Elkton Gas Total energy distribution Energy transmission Aspire Energy Aspire Energy Express Eastern Shore Peninsula Pipeline Total energy transmission Energy generation Eight Flags Propane operations Propane distribution operations Compressed Natural Gas Services Marlin Gas Services Other and eliminations Eliminations ) ) ) ) Other Total other and eliminations ) ) ) ) Total operating revenues (1) 
 ) 
 million and million for our Regulated and Unregulated Energy segments, respectively. The sources of other revenues include revenue from alternative revenue programs related to revenue normalization for Maryland division and Sandpiper and late fees . 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 68 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Florida natural gas division FPU electric distribution FPU natural gas distribution Maryland natural gas division Sandpiper natural gas/propane operations Elkton Gas Total energy distribution Energy transmission Aspire Energy Aspire Energy Express Eastern Shore Peninsula Pipeline Total energy transmission Energy generation Eight Flags Propane operations Propane distribution operations Compressed Natural Gas Services Marlin Gas Services Other and eliminations Eliminations ) ) ) ) Other Total other and eliminations ) ) ) ) Total operating revenues (1) 
 ) 
 million and million for our Regulated and Unregulated Energy segments, respectively. The sources of other revenues include revenue from alternative revenue programs related to revenue normalization for Maryland division and Sandpiper and late fees . 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 69 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Florida natural gas division FPU electric distribution FPU natural gas distribution Maryland natural gas division Sandpiper natural gas/propane operations Elkton Gas Total energy distribution Energy transmission Aspire Energy Aspire Energy Express Eastern Shore Peninsula Pipeline Total energy transmission Energy generation Eight Flags Propane operations Propane distribution operations Compressed Natural Gas Services Marlin Gas Services Other and eliminations Eliminations ) ) ) ) Other Total other and eliminations ) ) ) ) Total operating revenues (1) 
 ) 
 million and million for our Regulated and Unregulated Energy segments, respectively. The sources of other revenues include revenue from alternative revenue programs related to revenue normalization for Maryland division and Sandpiper and late fees . 
 Regulated Energy Segment 
 The businesses within our Regulated Energy segment are regulated utilities whose operations and customer contracts are subject to rates approved by the respective state PSC or the FERC. 
 
 Our energy distribution operations deliver natural gas or electricity to customers, and we bill the customers for both the delivery of natural gas or electricity and the related commodity, where applicable. In most jurisdictions, our customers are also required to purchase the commodity from us, although certain customers in some jurisdictions may purchase the commodity from a third-party retailer (in which case we provide delivery service only). We consider the delivery of natural gas or electricity and/or the related commodity sale as one performance obligation because the commodity and its delivery are highly interrelated with two-way dependency on one another. Our performance obligation is satisfied over time as natural gas or electricity is delivered and consumed by the customer. We recognize revenues based on monthly meter readings, which are based on the quantity of natural gas or electricity used and the approved rates. We accrue unbilled revenues for natural gas and electricity that have been delivered, but not yet billed, at the end of an accounting period, to the extent that billing and delivery do not coincide. 
 
 Revenues for Eastern Shore are based on rates approved by the FERC. The FERC has also authorized Eastern Shore to negotiate rates above or below the FERC-approved maximum rates, which customers can elect as an alternative to the FERC-approved maximum rates. Eastern Shore's services can be firm or interruptible. Firm services are offered on a guaranteed basis and are available at all times unless prevented by force majeure or other permitted curtailments. Interruptible customers receive 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 70 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 71 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Balance at 12/31/2022 
 Increase (decrease) ) 
 
 Our trade receivables are included in trade and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. Our non-current contract assets are included in receivables and other deferred charges in the consolidated balance sheet and relate to operations and maintenance costs incurred by Eight Flags that have not yet been recovered through rates for the sale of electricity to our electric distribution operation pursuant to a long-term service agreement. 
 
 At times, we receive advances or deposits from our customers before we satisfy our performance obligation, resulting in contract liabilities. Contract liabilities are included in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and relate to non-refundable prepaid fixed fees for our propane distribution operation's retail offerings. Our performance obligation is satisfied over the term of the respective retail offering plan on a ratable basis. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 Our businesses have long-term fixed fee contracts with customers in which revenues are recognized when performance obligations are satisfied over the contract term. 
 Natural gas distribution operations FPU electric distribution Total revenue contracts with remaining performance obligations 

6. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 72 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Unregulated Energy Total operating revenues, unaffiliated customers Intersegment Revenues (1) 
 Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other businesses Total intersegment revenues Operating Income Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other businesses and eliminations ) Operating Income Other income, net Interest charges Income from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes Income Taxes on Continuing Operations Income from Continuing Operations Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax ) Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, Net of tax Net Income Depreciation and Amortization Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other businesses and eliminations Total depreciation and amortization Capital Expenditures Regulated Energy Unregulated Energy Other businesses Total capital expenditures (1) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Identifiable Assets 
 Regulated Energy segment Unregulated Energy segment 
 Other businesses and eliminations Total identifiable assets 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 73 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 7. 
 Cash (received) paid for income taxes, net of refunds ) ) 
 Common stock issued for the Retirement Savings Plan Common stock issued under the SICP 

Cash flow hedges August, 2025 Sharp Propane (gallons) Sales Cash flow hedges December, 2023 
 Sharp entered into futures and swap agreements to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in wholesale propane index prices associated with the propane volumes expected to be purchased and/or sold during the heating season. Under the futures and swap agreements, Sharp will receive or pay the difference between (i) the index prices (Mont Belvieu prices in December 2022 through August 2025) and (ii) the per gallon propane contracted prices, to the extent the index prices deviate from the contracted prices. We designated and accounted for the propane swaps as cash flows hedges. The change in the fair value of the swap agreements is recorded as unrealized gain (loss) in other comprehensive income (loss) and later recognized in the statement of income in the same period and in the same line item as the hedged transaction. We expect to reclassify approximately million of unrealized gain from accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings during the next 12-month period ending December 31, 2023. 
 Interest Rate Swap Activities 
 
 We manage interest rate risk by entering into derivative contracts to hedge the variability in cash flows attributable to changes in the short-term borrowing rates. In the second quarter of 2020, we entered into interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling million associated with of our short-term lines of credit which expired in October 2020. Pricing on the 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 74 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 and percent for the period. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into additional interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling million through December 2021 with pricing of percent and percent for the period associated with our outstanding borrowing under the Revolver. In February 2021, we entered into an additional interest rate swap with a notional amount of million through December 2021 with pricing of percent. In September 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of million through September 2025, with pricing of percent. 
 
 Prior to August 2022, our short-term borrowing interest rate was based on the 30-day LIBOR rate. In August 2022, we amended and restated the Revolver and transitioned the benchmark interest rate to the 30-day SOFR as a result of the impending expiration of LIBOR. Our pre-2022 interest rate swaps were cash settled monthly as the counter-party paid us the 30-day LIBOR rate less the fixed rate. Our current interest rate swap is cash settled monthly as the counter-party pays us the 30-day SOFR rate less the fixed rate. 
 
 We designate and account for interest rate swaps as cash flows hedges. Accordingly, unrealized gains and losses associated with the interest rate swaps are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). When the interest rate swaps settle, the realized gain or loss is recorded in the income statement and is recognized as a component of interest charges. 
 
 Broker Margin 
 
 Futures exchanges have contract specific margin requirements that require the posting of cash or cash equivalents relating to traded contracts. Margin requirements consist of initial margin that is posted upon the initiation of a position, maintenance margin that is usually expressed as a percent of initial margin, and variation margin that fluctuates based on the daily mark-to-market relative to maintenance margin requirements. We currently maintain a broker margin account for Sharp included within our Other Current Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, the balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 Financial Statements Presentation 
 
 The following tables present information about the fair value and related gains and losses of our derivative contracts. We did not have any derivative contracts with a credit-risk-related contingency. 
 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Propane swap agreements Derivative assets, at fair value (1) 
 Interest rate swap agreements Derivative assets, at fair value (1) 
 Total Derivative Assets 
 million and million in current assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the remainder of the balance classified as long-term . Derivative Liabilities Fair Value as of (in thousands) Balance Sheet Location December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Propane swap agreements Derivative liabilities, at fair value (1) 
 Interest rate swap agreements Derivative liabilities, at fair value (1) 
 Total Derivative Liabilities 
 million and million in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the remainder of the balance classified as long-term. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 75 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) Derivatives designated as fair value hedges Put/Call option Propane and natural gas costs ) ) Put/Call option Propane inventory Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Propane swap agreements Revenues ) ) Propane swap agreements Propane and natural gas costs Propane swap agreements Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Interest rate swap agreements Interest expense ) ) Interest rate swap agreements Other comprehensive income (loss) Total 

9. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 76 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Investments guaranteed income fund Investments mutual funds and other Total investments Derivative assets 
 Total assets Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements Using: As of December 31, 2021 Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (in thousands) Assets: Investments equity securities Investments guaranteed income fund Investments mutual funds and other Total investments Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 

Purchases and adjustments Transfers/disbursements ) ) Investment income Ending Balance 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 77 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, compared to the estimated fair value of million. At December 31, 2021, long-term debt, which includes the current maturities and excludes debt issuance costs, had a carrying value of million, compared to a fair value of million. The fair value was calculated using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates a market interest rate based on published corporate borrowing rates for debt instruments with similar terms and average maturities, and with adjustments for duration, optionality, and risk profile. The valuation technique used to estimate the fair value of long-term debt would be considered a Level 2 measurement. 
 See Note 16, Employee Benefit Plans, for fair value measurement information related to our pension plan assets. 

10. 
 Additions (1) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

The annual impairment testing for the years 2022 and 2021 indicated no impairment of goodwill. 
 
 Non-Compete agreements 
 Patents (2)(3) 
 Other Total 
 million as a result of the purchase of Diversified Energy in December 2021. 
 million as a result of the purchase of the operating assets of Planet Found in October 2022. 
 . 
 
 years. Amortization expense of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. million for the years 2023 through 2025, million for 2026 and million for 2027. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 78 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 11. 
 million and million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. Under the CARES Act, discussed below, we elected to carry the losses back to 2015 and 2013. The company recovered million of tax and received interest income of million as a result of carrying back the NOLs referred to above. For state income tax purposes, we had NOL in various states of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, almost all of which will expire in 2040. Excluding NOLs from discontinued operations, we have recorded deferred tax assets of million related to state NOL carry-forwards at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have not recorded a valuation allowance to reduce the future benefit of the tax NOL because we believe they will be fully utilized. 
 
 Tax Law Changes 
 In March 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law and included several significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. The CARES Act includes certain tax relief provisions including the ability to carryback five years net operating losses arising in a tax year beginning in 2018, 2019, or 2020. This provision allows a taxpayer to recover taxes previously paid at a 35 percent federal income tax rate during tax years prior to 2018. In addition, the CARES Act removed the taxable income limitation to allow a tax NOL to fully offset taxable income for tax years beginning before January 1, 2021. Tax benefits associated with this legislation were not available for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, our income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 included a tax benefit million, attributable to the tax NOL carryback provided under the CARES Act for losses generated in 2018 and 2019. This NOL carryback was applied to our 2013 and 2015 tax years in which we paid federal income taxes at a 35 percent tax rate. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the TCJA. Substantially all of the provisions of the TCJA were effective for taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018. The provisions that significantly impacted us include the reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. Our federal income tax expense for periods beginning on January 1, 2018 and thereafter are based on the new federal corporate income tax rate. The TCJA included changes to the Internal Revenue Code, which materially impacted our 2017 financial statements. ASC 740, Income Taxes, requires recognition of the effects of changes in tax laws in the period in which the law is enacted. ASC 740 requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be measured at the enacted tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are to be realized or settled. During 2018, we completed the assessment of the impact of accounting for certain effects of the TCJA. At the date of enactment in 2017, we re-measured deferred income taxes based upon the new corporate tax rate. See Note 18, Rates and Other Regulatory Activities, for further discussion of the TCJA's impact on our regulated businesses. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 79 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 ) State ) Other ) ) ) Total current income tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred Income Tax Expense (1) 
 Property, plant and equipment Deferred gas costs ) Pensions and other employee benefits ) ) FPU merger-related premium cost and deferred gain ) ) Net operating loss carryforwards Other ) ) Total deferred income tax expense Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations Income Tax Expense from Discontinued Operations Total Income Tax 
 million, million, and million of deferred state income taxes for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit ESOP dividend deduction ) ) ) CARES Act Tax Benefit ) ) Other Total Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations Effective Income Tax Rate from Continuing Operations 
 (1) percent for 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 80 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Acquisition adjustment Loss on reacquired debt Deferred gas costs Natural gas conversion costs Storm reserve liability Other Total deferred income tax liabilities Deferred income tax assets: Pension and other employee benefits Environmental costs Net operating loss carryforwards Storm reserve liability Accrued expenses Other Total deferred income tax assets Deferred Income Taxes Per Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 81 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 12. 
 5.68 note, due June 30, 2026 6.43 note, due May 2, 2028 3.73 note, due December 16, 2028 3.88 note, due May 15, 2029 3.25 note, due April 30, 2032 3.48 note, due May 31, 2038 3.58 note, due November 30, 2038 3.98 note, due August 20, 2039 2.98 note, due December 20, 2034 3.00 note, due July 15, 2035 2.96 note, due August 15, 2035 2.49 notes Due January 25, 2037 2.95 notes Due March 15, 2042 Equipment security note 2.46 note, due September 24, 2031 Less: debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Less: current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt, net of current maturities 
 Notes Purchase Agreement 
 On March 15, 2022, we issued percent Senior Notes due March 15, 2042 to MetLife in the aggregate principal amount of million. We used the proceeds received from the issuances of the Senior Notes to reduce short-term borrowings under the Revolver and to fund capital expenditures. These Senior Notes have similar covenants and default provisions as our other Senior Notes, and have an annual principal payment beginning in the eleventh year after the issuance. 
 
 On September 28, 2022, we agreed to issue and Prudential agreed to purchase percent Senior Notes due March 14, 2038 in the aggregate principal amount of million. We expect to issue the Notes on or before March 14, 2023. We anticipate using the proceeds received from the issuance of the Notes to reduce short-term borrowings under our revolving credit facility and to fund capital expenditures. These Senior Notes have similar covenants and default provisions as our other Senior Notes, and have an annual principal payment beginning in the sixth year after the issuance. 
 
 Equipment Security Note 
 
 On September 24, 2021, we entered into an Equipment Financing Agreement with Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC to issue million in sustainable financing associated with the purchase of qualifying equipment by our subsidiary, Marlin Gas Services. The equipment security note bears a percent interest rate and has a term of 10 years. Under the terms of the agreement, we granted a security interest in the equipment to the lender, to serve as collateral. 
 Annual maturities 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 82 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

) ) MetLife Shelf Agreement ) Total ) ) 
 
 million reflects Senior Notes expected to be issued on or before March 14, 2023 . 
 
 In February 2023, we amended our Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife. The amended agreements now provide for total borrowing capacity of up to million under the Prudential Shelf Agreement and million under the MetLife Shelf Agreement. Additionally, the amendments extend the term of the agreements for an additional three years from the effective dates. 
 The Uncollateralized Senior Notes, Shelf Agreements or Shelf Notes set forth certain business covenants to which we are subject when any note is outstanding, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to incur indebtedness, or place or permit liens and encumbrances on any of our property or the property of our subsidiaries. 
 Uncollateralized Senior Notes 
 All of our Uncollateralized Senior Notes require periodic principal and interest payments as specified in each note. They also contain various restrictions. The most stringent restrictions state that we must maintain equity of at least percent of total capitalization (including short-term borrowings), and the fixed charge coverage ratio must be at least times. The most recent Senior Notes issued since September 2013 also contain a restriction that we must maintain an aggregate net book value in our regulated business assets of at least percent of our consolidated total assets. Failure to comply with those covenants could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the Senior Note agreements. 
 Certain Uncollateralized Senior Notes contain a restricted payments covenant as defined in the respective note agreements. The most restrictive covenants of this type are included within the percent Senior Note, due October 31, 2023. The covenant provides that we cannot pay or declare any dividends or make any other restricted payments in excess of the sum of million, plus our consolidated net income accrued on and after January 1, 2003. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative consolidated net income base was million, offset by restricted payments of million, leaving million of cumulative net income free of restrictions. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 

13. 
 million of short-term debt, as required. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million, respectively, of short-term borrowings outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of percent and percent, respectively. 
 
 In August 2021, we amended and restated our Revolver into a multi-tranche facility totaling million with multiple participating lenders. The two tranches of the facility consist of a million 364-day short-term debt tranche and a million five-year tranche, both of which have three (3) one-year extension options, which can be authorized by our Chief Financial Officer. We are eligible to establish the repayment term for individual borrowings under the five year tranche of the Revolver and to the extent that an individual loan under the Revolver exceeded 12 months, the outstanding balance would be classified as a component of long-term debt. 
 
 In August 2022, we amended both tranches of the Revolver, which now bear interest using SOFR as the benchmark interest rate, plus a 10-basis point SOFR adjustment, in lieu of LIBOR which is being retired by financial institutions. In addition, the 364-day tranche was extended for the upcoming year, expiring in August 2023. As part of these amendments, the parties agreed to eliminate the previous covenant capping the aggregate investments limit at million where we maintain an ownership interest less than percent. Additionally, the 364-day tranche of the facility now offers a reduced interest margin similar to 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 83 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The availability of funds under the Revolver is subject to conditions specified in the credit agreement, all of which we currently satisfy. These conditions include our compliance with financial covenants and the continued accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the Revolver's loan documents. We are required by the financial covenants in the Revolver to maintain, at the end of each fiscal year, a funded indebtedness ratio of no greater than percent. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with this covenant. 
 
 The 364-day tranche of the Revolver expires in August 2023 and the five-year tranche expires in August 2026, both of which are available to fund our short-term cash needs to meet seasonal working capital requirements and to temporarily fund portions of our capital expenditures. Borrowings under both tranches of the Revolver are subject to a pricing grid, including the commitment fee and the interest rate charged based upon our total indebtedness to total capitalization ratio for the prior quarter. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the 364-day tranche of the Revolver does not include an unused commitment fee and maintains an interest rate of basis points over SOFR plus a basis point SOFR adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the five-year tranche of the Revolver included an unused commitment fee of basis points and an interest rate of basis points over SOFR plus a basis point SOFR adjustment. 
 
 Our total available credit under the Revolver at December 31, 2022 was million. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued million in letters of credit to various counterparties under the Revolver. These letters of credit are not included in the outstanding short-term borrowings and we do not anticipate that they will be drawn upon by the counterparties. The letters of credit reduce the available borrowings under the Revolver. 
 
 For additional information on interest rate swaps related to our short-term borrowings, see Note 8 , Derivative Instruments . 
 
 14. 
 . 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 84 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Liabilities Current Operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Noncurrent Operating lease liabilities Operating lease - liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised . 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 85 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 15. 
 million through June of 2023. 
 
 We maintain an effective shelf registration statement with the SEC for the issuance of shares under our DRIP. Depending on our capital needs and subject to market conditions, in addition to other possible debt and equity offerings, we may issue additional shares under the direct stock purchase component of the DRIP. In 2021, we issued approximately million shares at an average price per share of and received net proceeds of million under the DRIP. In 2022, we issued less than million shares at an average price per share of and received net proceeds of million under the DRIP. 
 
 We used the net proceeds from our share issuances, after fees, for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, financing of capital expenditures, repayment of short-term debt, financing acquisitions, investing in subsidiaries, and general working capital purposes. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Defined benefit pension and postretirement plan items, unrealized gains (losses) of our propane swap agreements and natural gas swaps and futures contracts, designated as commodity contracts cash flow hedges, and the unrealized gains (losses) of our interest rate swap agreements, designated as cash flow hedges, are the components of our accumulated other comprehensive loss.) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income As of December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income ) ) As of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 86 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Net actuarial loss (1) 
 ) ) ) Total before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (3) 
 Net of tax ) ) ) Gains on commodity contracts cash flow hedges Propane swap agreements (2) 
 Total before income taxes Income tax expense (3) 
 ) ) ) Net of tax Gains and (losses) on interest rate swap cash flow hedges: Interest rate swap agreements ) ) Total before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (3) 
 ) Net of tax ) ) Total reclassifications for the period 

16. 
 million was recorded in other expense in our consolidated statement of income which reflected the amount allocated to our Unregulated Energy operations or was deemed not recoverable through the regulatory process. 
 The FPU Pension Plan, a qualified plan, covers eligible FPU non-union employees hired before January 1, 2005 and union employees hired before the respective union contract expiration dates in 2005 and 2006. Prior to the FPU merger, the FPU Pension Plan was frozen with respect to additional years of service and compensation, effective December 31, 2009. 
 The Chesapeake SERP, a nonqualified plan, is comprised of sub-plans. The first sub-plan was frozen with respect to additional years of service and additional compensation as of December 31, 2004. The second sub-plan provides fixed payments for several executives who joined the Company as a result of an acquisition and whose agreements with the Company provided for this benefit. 
 
 The unfunded liability for all plans at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, is included in the other pension and benefit costs liability in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 87 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) ) ) Effect of settlement ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Effect of settlement ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets end of year Accrued pension cost / funded status ) ) ) ) Assumptions: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets 
 Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Settlement expense Net periodic pension cost ) ) ) Amortization of pre-merger regulatory asset Total periodic cost ) ) ) Assumptions: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets 
 
 Our funding policy provides that payments to the trust of each qualified plan shall be equal to at least the minimum funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 88 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Debt securities Other Total 
 The investment policy of the FPU Pension Plan is designed to provide the capital assets necessary to meet the financial obligations of the plan. The investment goals and objectives are to achieve investment returns that, together with contributions, will provide funds adequate to pay promised benefits to present and future beneficiaries of the plan, earn a competitive return to increasingly fund a large portion of the plan s retirement liabilities, minimize pension expense and cumulative contributions resulting from liability measurement and asset performance, and maintain the appropriate mix of investments to reduce the risk of large losses over the expected remaining life of the plan. 
 Foreign Equities (Developed and Emerging Markets) Fixed Income (Inflation Bond and Taxable Fixed) Alternative Strategies (Long/Short Equity and Hedge Fund of Funds) Diversifying Assets (High Yield Fixed Income, Commodities, and Real Estate) Cash 
 Due to periodic contributions and different asset classes producing varying returns, the actual asset values may temporarily move outside of the intended ranges. The investments are monitored on a quarterly basis, at a minimum, for asset allocation and performance. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 89 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 U.S. Mid Cap (1) 
 U.S. Small Cap (1) 
 International (2) 
 Alternative Strategies (3) 
 Mutual Funds - Debt securities Fixed income (4) 
 High Yield (4) 
 Mutual Funds - Other Commodities (5) 
 Real Estate (6) 
 Guaranteed deposit (7) 
 Total Pension Plan Assets in fair value hierarchy (8) 
 Investments measured at net asset value (9) 
 Total Pension Plan Assets 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 

(9) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our pension plan investments were classified under the same fair value measurement hierarchy (Level 1 through Level 3) described under Note 9, Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The Level 3 investments were recorded at fair value based on the contract value of annuity products underlying guaranteed deposit accounts, which was calculated using discounted cash flow models. The contract value of these products represented deposits made to the contract, plus earnings at guaranteed crediting rates, less withdrawals and fees. Certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy and are presented in the table above to reconcile to total pension plan assets. 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 90 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Purchases Transfers in Disbursements ) ) Investment income (loss) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Other Postretirement Benefits Plans 
 We sponsor defined benefit postretirement health plans: the Chesapeake Utilities Postretirement Plan ("Chesapeake Postretirement Plan") and the FPU Medical Plan. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the funded status of the Chesapeake Postretirement Plan was million and million, respectively. The funded status of the FPU Medical Plan was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 ) ) Net loss (gain) ) Total ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (gain) pre-tax (1) 
 ) Post-merger regulatory asset ) Total unrecognized cost ) 
 (1) million. 
 Pursuant to a Florida PSC order, FPU continues to record as a regulatory asset a portion of the unrecognized pension and postretirement benefit costs after the merger with Chesapeake Utilities related to its regulated operations, which is included in the above table as a post-merger regulatory asset. As of December 31, 2022, the pre-merger regulatory asset related to the FPU Pension and FPU Medical Plan was fully amortized. 
 
 Assumptions 
 The assumptions used for the discount rate to calculate the benefit obligations were based on the interest rates of high-quality bonds in 2022, considering the expected lives of each of the plans. In determining the average expected return on plan assets for the FPU Pension Plan, various factors, such as historical long-term return experience, investment policy and current and expected allocation, were considered. Since the FPU Pension Plan is frozen with respect to additional years of service and compensation, the rate of assumed compensation increases is not applicable. 
 The health care inflation rate for 2022 used to calculate the benefit obligation is percent for medical and percent for prescription drugs for the Chesapeake Postretirement Plan; and percent for both medical and prescription drugs for the FPU Medical Plan. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 91 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million to the Chesapeake SERP. We also expect to contribute less than million to both the Chesapeake Postretirement Plan and FPU Medical Plan, in 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 through 2032 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Retirement Savings Plan 
 We sponsor a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan which is offered to all eligible employees who have completed of service. We match percent of eligible participants pre-tax contributions to the Retirement Savings Plan up to a maximum of percent of eligible compensation. The employer matching contribution is made in cash and is invested based on a participant s investment directions. In addition, we may make a discretionary supplemental contribution to participants in the plan, without regard to whether or not they make pre-tax contributions. Any supplemental employer contribution is generally made in our common stock. With respect to the employer match and supplemental employer contribution, employees are percent vested after of service or upon reaching years of age while still employed by us. New employees who do not make an election to contribute and do not opt out of the Retirement Savings Plan will be automatically enrolled at a deferral rate of percent, and the automatic deferral rate will increase by percent per year up to a maximum of percent. All contributions and matched funds can be invested among the mutual funds available for investment. 
 Employer contributions to our Retirement Savings Plan totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of our common stock reserved to fund future contributions to the Retirement Savings Plan. 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 Members of our Board of Directors and officers of the Company are eligible to participate in the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. Directors can elect to defer any portion of their cash or stock compensation and officers can defer up to percent of their base compensation, cash bonuses or any amount of their stock bonuses (net of required withholdings). Officers may receive a matching contribution on their cash compensation deferrals up to percent of their compensation, provided it does not duplicate a match they receive in the Retirement Savings Plan. Stock bonuses are not eligible for matching contributions. Participants are able to elect the payment of deferred compensation to begin on a specified future date or upon separation from service. Additionally, participants can elect to receive payments upon the earlier or later of a fixed date or separation from service. The payments can be made in one lump sum or annual installments for up to years. 
 
 All obligations arising under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan are payable from our general assets, although we have established a Rabbi Trust to informally fund the plan. Deferrals of cash compensation may be invested by the participants in various mutual funds (the same options that are available in the Retirement Savings Plan). The participants are credited with gains or losses on those investments. Deferred stock compensation may not be diversified. The participants are credited with dividends on our common stock in the same amount that is received by all other stockholders. Such dividends are reinvested into our common stock. Assets held in the Rabbi Trust, recorded as Investments on the consolidated balance sheet, had a fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The assets of the Rabbi Trust are at all times subject to the claims of our general creditors. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 92 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are also shown as a deduction against stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 17. 
 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the SICP. 
 Awards to key employees Total compensation expense Less: tax benefit ) ) ) Share-based compensation amounts included in net income 
 Non-employee Directors 
 Shares granted to non-employee directors are issued in advance of the directors service periods and are fully vested as of the grant date. We record a deferred expense equal to the fair value of the shares issued and amortize the expense equally over a service period of one year or less. 
 
 Our directors receive an annual retainer of shares of common stock under the SICP for services rendered through the subsequent Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Accordingly, our directors that served on the Board as of May 2022 and 2021 each received and shares of common stock, respectively, with a weighted average fair value of and per share, respectively. 
 
 In July 2022, we announced the appointment of two new non-employee directors to our Board. These newly appointed directors were each granted a pro-rated share-based award of shares through the SICP in accordance with the beginning of their service period. The associated expense is being recognized consistent with the methodology described above. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to shares granted to non-employee directors. This expense will be recognized over the remaining service period ending in May 2023. 
 Officers and Key Employees 
 Our Compensation Committee is authorized to grant our key employees the right to receive awards of shares of our common stock, contingent upon the achievement of established performance goals and subject to SEC transfer restrictions once awarded. Our President and CEO has the right to issue awards of shares of our common stock, to other officers of the Company, contingent upon various performance goals and subject to SEC transfer restrictions. 
 
 We currently have several outstanding multi-year performance plans, which are based upon the successful achievement of long-term goals, growth and financial results and comprise both market-based and performance-based conditions and targets. The fair value per share, tied to a performance-based condition or target, is equal to the market price per share on the grant date. For the market-based conditions, we used the Monte Carlo valuation to estimate the fair value of each share granted. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 93 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Granted Vested ) Expired ) Forfeited (1) 
 ) Outstanding December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Expired ) Outstanding December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted awards of shares of common stock to officers under the SICP, including awards granted in February 2022 and to key employees thereafter appointed to officer positions. The shares granted are multi-year awards that will vest no later than the three-year service period ending December 31, 2024. 
 The intrinsic value of these awards was million, million, and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards, which is expected to be recognized through 2024. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we withheld shares with a value at least equivalent to the employees minimum statutory obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities with the executives electing to receive the net shares. 
 Amounts remitted to tax authorities to satisfy obligations 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 94 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 18. 
 
 million, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a depreciation study also submitted with the filing; (iii) authorization to make certain changes to tariffs to include the consolidation of rates and rate structure across the businesses and to unify the Florida natural gas distribution businesses under FPU; (iv) authorization to retain the acquisition adjustment recorded at the time of the FPU merger in our revenue requirement; and (v) authorization to establish an environmental remediation surcharge for the purposes of addressing future expected remediation costs for FPU MGP sites. In August 2022, interim rates were approved by the Florida PSC in the amount of approximately million on an annualized basis, effective for all meter readings in September 2022. The discovery process and subsequent hearings were concluded during the fourth quarter of 2022 and briefs were submitted during the same quarter of 2022. In January 2023, the Florida PSC approved the application for consolidation and permanent rate relief of approximately million on an annual basis. Actual rates in connection with the rate relief were approved by the Florida PSC in February 2023 with an effective date of March 1, 2023. 
 Winter Haven Expansion Project: In May 2021, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with CFG for an incremental Dts/d of firm service in the Winter Haven, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline constructed a new interconnect with FGT and a new regulator station for CFG. This additional firm service is supporting new incremental load due to growth, including providing service to a new can manufacturing facility, as well as providing reliability and operational benefits to CFG s existing distribution system in the area. In connection with Peninsula Pipeline s new regulator station, CFG also extended its distribution system to connect to the new station. The Transportation Service Agreement was approved by the Florida PSC in September 2021 and the project was placed in service during the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 95 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Dts/d of firm service in Indian River County, Florida, to support Florida City Gas growth along the Indian River's barrier island. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct miles of pipeline from its existing pipeline in the Sebastian, Florida area, which will travel east under the Intercoastal Waterway ("ICW") and southward on the barrier island. As required by Peninsula Pipeline s tariff and Florida Statutes, Peninsula Pipeline filed the required company and customer affidavits with the Florida PSC in June 2021 and the expected in-service date is during the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 St.Cloud / Twin Lakes Expansion: In July 2022, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with our Florida natural gas division, FPU, for an additional Dt/d of firm service in the St. Cloud, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct a pipeline extension and regulator station for FPU. The extension will be used to support new incremental load due to growth in the area, including providing service, most immediately, to the residential development, Twin Lakes. The expansion will also improve reliability and provide operational benefits to FPU's existing distribution system in the area, supporting future growth. The petition was approved by the Florida PSC on October 4, 2022. We expect this expansion to be in service by the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Storm Protection Plan: In 2020, the Florida PSC implemented the Storm Protection Plan ("SPP") and Storm Protection Plan Cost Recovery Clause ("SPPCRC") rules, which require electric utilities to petition the Florida PSC for approval of a Transmission and Distribution Storm Protection Plan that covers the utility s immediate 10-year planning period with updates to the plan at least every 3 years. The SPPCR rules allow the utility to file for recovery of associated costs related to its SPP. Our Florida electric distribution operations' SPP and SPPCRC were filed d uring the first quarter of 2022 and approved in the fourth quarter of 2022 with modifications, by the Florida PSC. Rates associated with this initiative were effective in January 2023. 
 
 Eastern Shore 
 Southern Expansion Project: In January 2022, Eastern Shore submitted a prior notice filing with the FERC pursuant to blanket certificate procedures, regarding its proposal to install an additional compressor unit and related facilities at Eastern Shore's existing compressor station in Bridgeville, Sussex County, Delaware. The project will enable Eastern Shore to provide additional firm natural gas transportation service to an existing shipper on Eastern Shore's pipeline system. The project obtained FERC approval in January 2023 and is currently estimated to go into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Capital Cost Surcharge: In December 2022, Eastern Shore submitted a filing with the FERC regarding a capital cost surcharge to recover capital costs associated with mandated highway relocate projects that required the replacement of existing Eastern Shore facilities and a Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration ("PHMSA") compliance project. The capital cost surcharge is an approved item in the settlement of Eastern Shore s last rate case. In conjunction with the filing of this surcharge, pursuant to the settlement agreement, a cumulative adjustment to the existing surcharge to reflect additional depreciation was included in this filing. The FERC issued an order approving the surcharge as filed on December 19, 2022. The combined revised surcharge became effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 In March 2020, the CDC declared a national emergency due to the rapidly growing outbreak of COVID-19. In response to this declaration and the rapid spread of COVID-19 within the United States, federal, state and local governments throughout the country imposed varying degrees of restrictions on social and commercial activity to promote social distancing in an effort to slow the spread of the illness. These restrictions significantly impacted economic conditions in the United States in 2020 and continued to impact economic conditions, to a lesser extent, through 2021 and 2022. Chesapeake Utilities is considered an essential business, which allowed us to continue operational activities and construction projects with appropriate safety precautions and personal protective equipment, while being mindful of the social distancing restrictions that were in place. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, we experienced reduced consumption of energy largely in the commercial and industrial sectors, higher bad debt expenses and incremental expenses associated with COVID-19, including expenditures associated with personal protective equipment and premium pay for field personnel. The additional operating expenses we incurred support the ongoing delivery of our essential services during these unprecedented times. In April and May 2020, we were authorized by the Maryland and Delaware PSCs, respectively, to record regulatory assets for COVID-19 related costs which offered us the ability to seek recovery of those costs. In July 2021, the Florida PSC issued an order that approved incremental expenses we incurred due to COVID-19. The order allowed us to establish a regulatory asset in a total amount of million as of June 30, 2021 for natural gas and electric distribution operations. The regulatory asset is being amortized over two years and is recovered through the Purchased Gas Adjustment and Swing Service mechanisms for our natural gas distribution businesses and through the Fuel Purchased Power Cost Recovery clause for our electric division. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total COVID-19 regulatory asset balance was million and million, respectively. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 96 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Will be addressed in Eastern Shore's next rate case filing. Chesapeake Delaware natural gas division (Delaware PSC) PSC approved amortization of ADIT in January 2019. Chesapeake Maryland natural gas division (Maryland PSC) PSC approved amortization of ADIT in May 2018. Sandpiper Energy (Maryland PSC) PSC approved amortization of ADIT in May 2018. Chesapeake Florida natural gas division/CFG (Florida PSC) PSC issued order authorizing amortization and retention of net ADIT liability by the Company in February 2019. FPU Natural Gas (excludes Fort Meade and Indiantown) (Florida PSC) Same treatment on a net basis as Chesapeake Florida Gas Division (above). FPU Fort Meade and Indiantown natural gas divisions (Florida PSC) Same treatment on a net basis as Chesapeake Florida Gas Division (above). FPU electric division (Florida PSC) In January 2019, PSC issued order approving amortization of ADIT through purchased power cost recovery, storm reserve and rates. Elkton Gas (Maryland PSC) PSC approved amortization of ADIT in March 2018. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 97 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Under-recovered GRIP revenue (3) 
 Deferred postretirement benefits (4) 
 Deferred conversion and development costs (1) 
 Acquisition adjustment (5) 
 Deferred costs associated with COVID-19 (6) 
 Deferred storm costs (7) 
 Other Total Regulatory Assets Regulatory Liabilities Self-insurance (8) 
 Over-recovered purchased fuel and conservation cost recovery (1) 
 Storm reserve (8) 
 Accrued asset removal cost (9) 
 Deferred income taxes due to rate change (10) 
 Interest related to storm recovery (7) 
 Other Total Regulatory Liabilities 
 (1) 
 million being recovered over a three year period primarily concentrated in our electric division. Per Florida PSC approval, our electric division was allowed to recover these amounts over an extended period of time in an effort to reduce the impact of increased commodity prices to our customers. Recovery of these costs began in January 2023. 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) million of the premium in 2009, including a gross up for income tax, because it is not tax deductible, and million of the premium paid by FPU in 2010. 
 (6 
 (7) . 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 98 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 19. 
 former MGP sites. We have received approval for recovery of clean-up costs in rates for sites located in Salisbury, Maryland; Seaford, Delaware; and Winter Haven, Key West, Pensacola, Sanford and West Palm Beach, Florida. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had approximately million and million, respectively, in environmental liabilities, related to the former MGP sites. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have cumulative regulatory assets of million and million, respectively, for future recovery of environmental costs for customers. Specific to FPU's four MGP sites in Key West, Pensacola, Sanford and West Palm Beach, FPU has approval to recover, from insurance and from customers through rates, up to million of its environmental costs related to its MGP sites. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have recovered approximately million and million, respectively, leaving approximately million and million, respectively, in regulatory assets for future recovery of environmental costs from FPU s customers. 
 Environmental liabilities for our MGP sites are recorded on an undiscounted basis based on the estimate of future costs provided by independent consultants. We continue to expect that all costs related to environmental remediation and related activities, including any potential future remediation costs for which we do not currently have approval for regulatory recovery, will be recoverable from customers through rates. 
 Remediation is ongoing for the MGP's in Winter Haven and Key West in Florida and in Seaford, Delaware and the remaining clean-up costs are estimated to be between million to million for these three sites. The Environmental Protection Agency has approved a "site-wide ready for anticipated use" status for the Sanford, Florida MGP site, which is the final step before delisting a site. The remaining remediation expenses for the Sanford MGP site are immaterial. 

20. 
 times based on the results of the prior 12 months. If FPU fails to meet this ratio, it must provide an irrevocable letter of credit or pay all amounts outstanding under the agreement within five business days. FPU s electric supply agreement with Gulf Power requires FPU to meet the following ratios based on the average of the prior quarters: (a) funds from operations interest coverage ratio (minimum of times), and (b) total debt to total capital (maximum of percent). If FPU fails to meet the requirements, it has to provide the supplier a written explanation of actions taken, or proposed to be taken, to become compliant. Failure to comply with the ratios specified in the Gulf Power agreement could also result in FPU having to provide 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 99 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 -year power purchase agreement for distribution to our electric customers. In July 2016, Eight Flags also started selling steam pursuant to a separate -year contract, to the landowner on which the CHP plant is located. The CHP plant is powered by natural gas transported by FPU through its distribution system and Peninsula Pipeline through its intrastate pipeline. 
 
 Corporate Guarantees 
 The Board of Directors has authorized us to issue corporate guarantees securing obligations of our subsidiaries and to obtain letters of credit securing our subsidiaries' obligations. The maximum authorized liability under such guarantees and letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 was million. The aggregate amount guaranteed at December 31, 2022 was approximately million with the guarantees expiring on various dates through November 30, 2023. In addition, the Board has authorized us to issue specific purpose corporate guarantees. The amount of specific purpose guarantees outstanding at December 31, 2022 was million, including a guarantee issued in July 2022 in the amount of million associated with the Florida natural gas rate case. 
 million related to the electric transmission services for FPU's electric division, the firm transportation service agreement between TETLP and our Delaware and Maryland divisions, the capacity agreement between NEXUS and Aspire, and our current and previous primary insurance carriers. These letters of credit have various expiration dates through October 25, 2023. There have been no draws on these letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. We do not anticipate that the counterparties will draw upon these letters of credit, and we expect that they will be renewed to the extent necessary in the future. 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 100 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 9. C HANGES I N AND D ISAGREEMENTS W ITH A CCOUNTANTS ON A CCOUNTING AND F INANCIAL D ISCLOSURE . 
 None. 

I TEM 9A. C ONTROLS AND P ROCEDURES . 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of other Company officials, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 CHANGE IN INTERNAL CONTROLS 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and social distancing restrictions that were initially established in our service territories, we implemented our pandemic response plan which included having office staff work remotely to promote social distancing in efforts to reduce the ongoing spread of COVID-19. As vaccines became widely available and states of emergency in all of our service territories expired, we adjusted our operating practices accordingly to ensure the safety of our operations and continue to take the necessary actions to comply with the CDC, and the Occupational and Safety and Health Administration, as new developments occur. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, our modified pandemic response plan did not result in a change in the design or operations of our internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. 
 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have filed with the SEC the certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, on June 2, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer certified to the NYSE that he was not aware of any violation by us of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards. 
 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records which in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in an updated report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued in May 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management has evaluated and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 101 

Table of Contents 

 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Baker Tilly US, LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in its attestation report which appears under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 102 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 9B. O THER I NFORMATION . 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. D ISCLOSURE R EGARDING F OREIGN J URISDICTIONS T HAT P REVENT I NSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 
 
 P ART III 
 
 I TEM 10. D IRECTORS , E XECUTIVE O FFICERS OF THE R EGISTRANT AND C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE . 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Principal Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Corporate Controller and persons performing similar functions, which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. This Code of Ethics is publicly available on our website at https://www.chpk.com. If we make any amendments to this code other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of this code to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller, or persons performing similar functions, we intend to disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. 
 
 The remaining information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement captioned Election of Directors (Proposal 1), Governance Trends and Director Education," "Corporate Governance Practices, Board of Directors and its Committees and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports. 

I TEM 11. E XECUTIVE C OMPENSATION . 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement captioned Director Compensation, Executive Compensation and Compensation Discussion and Analysis". 

I TEM 12. S ECURITY O WNERSHIP OF C ERTAIN B ENEFICIAL O WNERS AND M ANAGEMENT AND R ELATED S TOCKHOLDER M ATTERS . 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and "Equity Compensation Plan Information." 

I TEM 13. C ERTAIN R ELATIONSHIPS AND R ELATED T RANSACTIONS , AND D IRECTOR I NDEPENDENCE . 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our Proxy Statement captioned Corporate Governance Practices and "Director Independence." 

I TEM 14. P RINCIPAL A CCOUNTING F EES AND S ERVICES . 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the portion of the Proxy Statement captioned Fees and Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is Baker Tilly US, LLP, PCAOB ID: ) 

P ART IV 

I TEM 15. E XHIBITS , F INANCIAL S TATEMENT S CHEDULES . 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 103 

Table of Contents 

 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (a)(1) All of the financial statements, reports and notes to the financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (a)(2) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 
 (a)(3) The Exhibits below. 
 Exhibit 1.1 
 Equity Distribution Agreement dated August 17, 2020, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of RBC Capital Markets, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Maxim Group LLC, Sidoti Company, LLC, and Siebert Williams Shank Co., LLC is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2010, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, effective December 4, 2012, are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 7, 2012, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.3 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, effective December 3, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.4 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, effective November 2, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 9, 2017, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.6 
 Certificate of Elimination of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 3.7 
 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, effective May 8, 2019, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 14, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 4.1 Note Agreement dated October 31, 2008, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, General American Life Insurance Company and New England Life Insurance Company, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 5.93 Senior Notes due 2023. Exhibit 4.2 Note Agreement dated June 29, 2010, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and New England Life Insurance Company, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 5.68 Senior Notes due 2026 and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 6.43 Senior Notes due 2028. Exhibit 4.3 Note Agreement dated September 5, 2013, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and certain note holders, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 3.73 Senior Notes due 2028 and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 3.88 Senior Notes due 2029. Exhibit 4. 4 
 Private Shelf Agreement dated October 8, 2015, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and Prudential Investment Management Inc., relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 3.25 Senior Notes due 2032 , 3.98 Senior Notes due 2039, 3.0 Senior Notes due 2035, and the sale of other Chesapeake Utilities Corporation unsecured Senior Notes from time to time, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015, File No. 001-11590. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 104 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 4.5 First Amendment to Private Shelf Agreement dated September 14, 2018, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), and other purchasers that may become party thereto. Exhibit 4.6 Master Note Agreement dated March 2, 2017, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, NYL Investors LLC, and other certain note holders that may become party thereto from time to time relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 3.48 Senior Notes due 2038 and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 3.58 Senior Notes due 2038, and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 2.96 Senior Notes due 2035. 
 Exhibit 4.7 Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, MetLife Insurance K.K., Thrivent Financial For Lutherans, CMFG Life Insurance Company, and American Memorial Life Insurance Company relating to the placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporations's 2.49 Senior Notes due 2037. Exhibit 4.8 Private Shelf Agreement, dated March 2, 2017, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and MetLife Investment Management, LLC, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation s 2.95 Senior Notes due 2042. Exhibit 4.9 First Amendment to Private Shelf Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and MetLife Investment Management, LLC. Exhibit 4.10 
 Third Amendment to Private Shelf Agreement dated February 8, 2023, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), and other purchasers that may become party thereto is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 4.11 
 Second Amendment to Private Shelf Agreement, dated February 21, 2023, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and MetLife Investment Management, LLC is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 4 . 12 
 Description of Chesapeake Utilit ies Corporation's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by refer ence to Exhibit 4.10 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 3 1, 2021, File No. 00 1-115 90 . 
 Exhibit 10.1 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation Cash Bonus Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement dated March 31, 2015, in connection with our Annual Meeting held on May 6, 2015, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.2 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 2, 2013 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement dated March 29, 2013 in connection with our Annual Meeting held on May 2, 2013, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.3 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.4 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.5 
 First Amendment to the Chesapeake Utilities Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.6 
 Revolving Credit Agreement dated October 8, 2015, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., Citizens Bank N.A., Royal Bank of Canada and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as lenders, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015, File No. 001-11590. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 105 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 10.7 
 First Amendment dated February 25, 2016 to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated October 8, 2015, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., Citizens Bank N.A., Royal Bank of Canada and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as lenders, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.8 
 Credit Agreement, dated November 28, 2017, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Branch Banking and Trust Company is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.9 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 25, 2019 for the period January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Jeffry M. Householder is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.10 Note Agreement dated September 28, 2022, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.) and each of its affiliates relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 5.43 Senior Notes due 2038. Exhibit 10.11 
 Term Note dated January 31, 2019 issued by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation in favor of Branch Banking Trust Company is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.12 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated January 31, 2019, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Branch Banking and Trust Company is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.13 
 Executive Retirement Agreement dated October 9, 2019, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Stephen C. Thompson is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.14 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated November 19, 2019, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The Guardian Insurance Annuity Company, Inc., Berkshire Life Insurance Company of America, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans, United of Omaha Life Insurance Company, and CMFG Life Insurance Company is incorporated herein by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.15 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective December 3, 2019 for the period 2019 to 2021, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty and Kevin Webber is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.16 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement dated February 22 , 2023 for the period 2023-2025, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty, Kevin Webber and Jeffrey S. Sylvester is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 10.17 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 25, 2020 for the period 2020 to 2022, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty and Kevin Webber is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-11590. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 106 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 10.18 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 24, 2021, for the period 2021 to 2023, pursuant to the Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty, Kevin Webber, and Jeffrey S. Sylvester is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to ou r Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December31, 2021, File No. 001-11590 . 
 Exhibit 10.19 
 Loan Agreement dated April 24, 2020, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.20 
 Loan Agreement dated April 27, 2020, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Bank of America, N.A. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.21 
 Revolving Line of Credit Note dated April 24, 2020 issued by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation in favor of PNC Bank, National Association is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.22 
 Promissory Note dated April 22, 2020, issued by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and in favor of Bank of America, N.A. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.23 
 Credit Agreement dated May 29, 2020, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Citizens Bank National Association is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.24 
 Loan Agreement dated May 6, 2020 between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Royal bank of Canada is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.25 
 Form of Revolving Loan Note in favor of Citizens Bank National Association is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.26 
 Form of Revolving Credit Note in favor of Royal Bank of Canada is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.27 
 Credit Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, PNC Bank, National Association, and several other financial institutions named therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590. 
 Exhibit 10.28 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, PNC Bank, National Association, and several other financial institutions named therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-11590 
 Exhibit 10.29 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Jeffrey S. Sylvester is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590 
 Exhibit 10.30 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Jeffry M. Householder is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590 
 Exhibit 10.31 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Beth W. Cooper is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590 
 Exhibit 10.32 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and James F. Moriarty is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 107 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 10.33 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Kevin J. Webber is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590 
 Exhibit 10.34 
 Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 23, 2022, for the period 2022 to 2024, pursuant to the Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty, Kevin J. Webber, and Jeffrey S. Sylvester is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 001-11590 . 
 Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 31.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d 14(a), is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 31.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d 14(a), is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, is filed herewith. 
 Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document is filed herewith. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document is filed herewith. Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document is filed herewith. Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document is filed herewith. Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document is filed herewith. Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document is filed herewith. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. These agreements have not been filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(v) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We hereby agree to furnish copies to the SEC upon request. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 108 

Table of Contents 

 I TEM 16. F ORM 10-K S UMMARY . 
 None. 

S IGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Chesapeake Utilities Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 C HESAPEAKE U TILITIES C ORPORATION 
 By: /s/ J EFFRY M. H OUSEHOLDER 
 Jeffry M. Householder President, Chief Executive Officer and Director February 22, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ J EFFRY M. H OUSEHOLDER 
 / S / B ETH W. C OOPER 
 Jeffry M. Householder Beth W. Cooper, Executive Vice President, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer February 22, 2023 and Assistant Corporate Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 22, 2023 / S / J OHN R. S CHIMKAITIS 
 / S / D ENNIS S. H UDSON , III 
 John R. Schimkaitis Dennis S. Hudson, III, Director Chair of the Board and Director February 22, 2023 February 22, 2023 / S / L ISA G. B ISACCIA 
 / S / L ILA A. J ABER 
 Lisa G. Bisaccia, Director Lila A. Jaber, Director February 22, 2023 February 22, 2023 / S / T HOMAS J. B RESNAN 
 / S / P AUL L. M ADDOCK , J R . 
 Thomas J. Bresnan, Director Paul L. Maddock, Jr., Director February 22, 2023 February 22, 2023 / S / R ONALD G. F ORSYTHE , J R . 
 / S / C ALVERT A. M ORGAN , JR. 
 Dr. Ronald G. Forsythe, Jr., Director Calvert A. Morgan, Jr., Director February 22, 2023 February 22, 2023 / S / S TEPHANIE N. G ARY 
 / S / D IANNA F. M ORGAN 
 Stephanie N. Gary, Director Dianna F. Morgan, Director February 22, 2023 February 22, 2023 / S / T HOMAS P. H ILL , J R . 
 / S / S HEREE M. P ETRONE 
 Thomas P. Hill, Jr., Director Sheree M. Petrone, Director February 22, 2023 February 22, 2023 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 109 

Table of Contents 

 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Schedule II 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Additions For the Year Ended December 31, Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Income Other 
 Accounts (1) 
 Deductions (2) 
 Balance at End of Year (In thousands) Reserve Deducted From Related Assets Reserve for Uncollectible Accounts 2022 ) 2021 ) ) 2020 ) 
 (1) Recoveries and other allowance adjustments. 
 (2) Uncollectible accounts charged off. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2022 Form 10-K Page 110 

<EX-4.10>
 2
 cpk12312022ex-410.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 
 Exhibit 4.10 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 February 8, 2023 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400 
 Dover, Delaware 19901 
 
 Re Amendment No. 3 to Private Shelf Agreement 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is made to the Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2015, as amended by (a) Amendment No. 1 to Private Shelf Agreement dated September 14, 2018 and (b) Amendment No. 2 to Private Shelf Agreement dated April 15, 2020 (as amended, the Note Agreement among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.) and each Prudential Affiliate which may become a party thereto in accordance with the terms thereof. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Agreement. 
 
 The Company has requested that Prudential and the Required Holders agree to certain amendments to the Note Agreement, in each case, as set forth below. Pursuant to the request of the Company and in accordance with the provisions of Section 17.1 of the Note Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Amendments . Effective on the Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), the Note Agreement is amended as follows 
 
 a. The Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to 370,000,000 contained therein and inserting 405,000,000 in lieu thereof. 
 
 a. The Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the reference to 909 Silver Lake Boulevard, Dover, Delaware 19904 contained therein and inserting 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400, Dover, Delaware 19901 in lieu thereof. 
 
 a. Section 2(b) of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting clause 
 (1) thereof in its entirety and inserting (1) February 8, 2026 (or if such date is not a Business Day, the Business Day next preceding such date) and . 
 
 a. Section 7.1(i) of the Note Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 i. Resignation or Replacement of Auditors within 10 days following the date on which the Company s independent auditors resign or the Company elects to change independent auditors, as the case may be, notification 

Exhibit 4.10 

 thereof, together with such supporting information as the Required Holders may request 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 8, 2023 
 Page 2 
 
 provided, that delivery of a copy of a Current Report on Form 8-K (or applicable successor form), reporting such resignation or change of independent auditors, prepared in accordance with the SEC s requirements therefor and filed with the SEC, shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(i) and 
 
 a. Section 7.4 of the Note Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 Section 7.4 Electronic Delivery . Financial statements, opinions of independent certified public accountants, other information and Officers Certificates that are required to be delivered by the Company pursuant to Sections 7.1(a), (b), (d) or 
 i. and Section 7.2 shall be deemed to have been delivered if the Company satisfies any of the following requirements with respect thereto 
 
 1. such financial statements satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or (b) and related Officer s Certificate satisfying the requirements of Section 7.2 are delivered to each holder of a Note by e-mail 
 
 1. the Company shall have timely filed such Form 10 Q or Form 10 K, satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b), as the case may be, with the SEC on EDGAR and shall have made such form and the related Officer s Certificate satisfying the requirements of Section 
 7.2 available on its home page on the internet, which is located at http chpk.com as of the date of this Agreement 
 
 1. such financial statements satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) and related Officer s Certificate satisfying the requirements of Section 7.2 are timely posted by or on behalf of the Company on IntraLinks or on any other similar website to which each holder of Notes has free access or 
 
 1. the Company shall have filed any of the items referred to in Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.1(i) with the SEC on EDGAR and shall have made such items available on its home page on the internet or on IntraLinks or on any other similar website to 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 8, 2023 
 Page 3 
 
 which each Purchaser and each holder of Notes has free access 

Exhibit 4.10 

provided however , that in the case of any of clauses (b), (c) or (d), upon the request of any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor to receive written notice of posting and or paper copies of such forms, financial statements and Officer s Certificates, (1) the Company shall give such holder of a Note prior written notice, which may be by e-mail or in accordance with Section 18, of such posting or filing in connection with each delivery, and (2) the Company will promptly e-mail such documents or deliver such paper copies, as the case may be, to such holder. Each holder of Notes that is an Institutional Investor shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 
 a. Section 10.3(b) of the Note Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (b) The Company will not, at any time, permit the aggregate principal amount of (1) outstanding Purchase Money Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, plus (2) outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted pursuant to Sections 10.4(i) and (j) and (3) outstanding unsecured Current or Funded Indebtedness of Subsidiaries (excluding Current or Funded Indebtedness owed by a Subsidiary to the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) to exceed 20 of Total Capitalization. 
 
 a. Section 10.5 of the Note Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 Section 10.5 Sale of Property and Subsidiary Stock. 
 
 a. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, except in the ordinary course of business, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (not including Excluded Assets) provided that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the sale of assets for a cash consideration to a Person other than an Affiliate, if all of the following conditions are met 
 
 i. the amount of such assets (valued at net book value), together with all other assets of the Company and Subsidiaries previously disposed of (other than in the ordinary course of business) as 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 8, 2023 
 Page 4 
 
 permitted by this Section 10.5(a) and the assets of any Subsidiary disposed of as permitted by clauses 
 a. and (4) of Section 10.5(b) during the fiscal year in which the disposition occurs does not exceed 10 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal year then most recently ended provided that assets, as so valued, may be sold in excess of 10 of Consolidated Total Assets in any fiscal year if either (i) within one year of such sale, the proceeds from the sale of such assets are used, or committed by the Company s Board of Directors to be used, to acquire other assets of at least equivalent value and earning power, or (ii) with the written consent of the holders of the Notes, the proceeds from sale 

Exhibit 4.10 

 of such assets are used immediately upon receipt to prepay pro rata the Notes of all Series under Section 8.2 and other senior Funded Indebtedness of the Company and 
 
 i. in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors, the sale is for fair value and is in the best interest of the Company and 
 
 i. immediately before and immediately after the consummation of the sale, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default would exist. 
 
 For the purpose of this paragraph (a), any transfer by the Company of any assets of its Florida division and the propane assets of Sharp Energy and Sharpgas located in Florida to FPU at a time when FPU is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be deemed to be in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 a. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, dispose of its investment in any Subsidiary, and the Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, issue or transfer any shares of a Subsidiary s capital stock, equity interests or any other Securities exchangeable or convertible into such Subsidiary s capital stock, equity interests or other Securities (such capital stock, equity interests and other Securities being called the Subsidiary Stock ), if the effect would be to reduce the direct or indirect proportionate interest of the Company in the outstanding Subsidiary Stock of the Subsidiary whose shares are the subject of the transaction, provided that these restrictions do not apply to (1) the issue of directors qualifying shares, (2) the 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 8, 2023 
 Page 5 
 
 sale or other transfer to a Person other than an Affiliate of the Company and its other Subsidiaries of all or any portion of an investment in any Excluded Assets, (3) the sale or other transfer to a Person other than an Affiliate of the Company and its other Subsidiaries of all or any portion of an investment in any Renewable Subsidiary or (4) the sale for cash consideration of the entire investment of the Company and its other Subsidiaries in any other Subsidiary, provided that in the case of clauses (3) and 
 i. of this Section 10.5(b), the Company would be permitted to dispose of all or such proportionate amount of the assets of such Subsidiary at the time in compliance with the conditions specified in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of Section 10.5(a). 
 
 For the purpose of this paragraph (b), references to any portion of an investment shall include, without limitation, any sale or transfer that results in (1) the Subsidiary ceasing to qualify as a Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement or (2) the Subsidiary ceasing to be controlled by the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 a. Clause (a) of the definition of Excluded Assets in Schedule A to the Note Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (a) each of the following Subsidiaries or the assets of any of the following Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, any Subsidiary Stock owned directly or indirectly by such Subsidiaries) Skipjack, Inc. Eastern Shore Real Estate, Inc. Peninsula 

Exhibit 4.10 

 Pipeline Company, Inc. Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC and Eight Flags Energy, LLC and 
 
 a. The definition of FPU Indebtedness in Schedule A to the Note Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 a. Schedule A to the Note Agreement is hereby amended by inserting a new definition of Renewable Subsidiary in the appropriate alphabetical order to read as follows 
 
 Renewable Subsidiary means any Subsidiary primarily engaged in the development, research or production of renewable energy or renewable energy sources. 
 
 a. Schedule B of the Note Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 8, 2023 
 Page 6 
 
 SECTION 2. Available Facility Amount . The Company and Prudential expressly agree and acknowledge that as of the Effective Date, after giving effect to the amendments in Section 1 hereof, the Available Facility Amount is 105,000,000. For purposes of calculating the Available Facility Amount, as of the Effective Date, the Company s 5.43 Series D Senior Notes due March 14, 2038 (the Series D Notes to be in the original aggregate principal amount of 80,000,000 with respect to which the Company, Prudential and the Purchasers of the Series D Notes entered into a Confirmation of Acceptance dated September 28, 2022 do not reduce the Available Facility Amount described in the preceding sentence. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS AMENDMENT AND THE NOTE AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN ENTERED INTO ON THE EXPRESS UNDERSTANDING THAT NEITHER PRUDENTIAL NOR ANY PRUDENTIAL AFFILIATE SHALL BE OBLIGATED TO MAKE OR ACCEPT OFFERS TO PURCHASE SHELF NOTES, OR TO QUOTE RATES, SPREADS OR OTHER TERMS WITH RESPECT TO SPECIFIC PURCHASES OF SHELF NOTES, AND THE FACILITY SHALL IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY PRUDENTIAL OR ANY PRUDENTIAL 
 AFFILIATE. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligation of Prudential to cause the Purchasers of the Series D Notes to purchase such Series D Notes remains governed by Section 2(f) of the Note Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants that (a) the execution and delivery of this amendment has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on behalf of each of the Company and this amendment has been executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each of the Company, and all necessary or required consents to this amendment (other than any consents required to be obtained solely by a holder) have been obtained and are in full force and effect (b) each representation and warranty set forth in Section 5 of the Note Agreement is true and correct as of the date of execution and delivery of this amendment by the Company with the same effect as if made on such date provided that for purposes of the representations in Section 5.4 and Section 5.15 of the Note Agreement, the schedules attached as Exhibit B hereto shall replace Schedule 5.4 and Schedule 

Exhibit 4.10 

 a. of the Note Agreement and (c) after giving effect to the amendments set forth in Section 1 hereof, no Event of Default or Default exists or has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof. 
 
 SECTION 4. Effectiveness . This amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Effective Date provided that Prudential and each holder receives original counterparts or, if satisfactory to Prudential and such holder, certified or other copies of this amendment, duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto. 
 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on Note Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this amendment, each reference to the Note Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Note Agreement as modified by this amendment. Except as specifically set forth in Section 1 hereof, the Note Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this amendment shall not be construed as a course of dealing or other implication that any holder of the Notes has agreed to or is prepared to grant any consents or 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 8, 2023 
 Page 7 
 
 agree to any waiver to the Note Agreement in the future, whether or not under similar circumstances. 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Company hereby confirms its obligations under the Note Agreement, whether or not the transactions hereby contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by Prudential, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by Prudential in connection with this amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby, in enforcing any rights under this amendment, or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. The obligations of the Company under this Section 6 shall survive transfer by any Purchaser or holder of any Shelf Note and payment of any Shelf Note. 
 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE THIS AMENDMENT TO BE CONSTRUED OR ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES TO BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION). 
 
 SECTION 8. Counterparts Section Titles . This amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this amendment by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this amendment. The section titles contained in 

Exhibit 4.10 

 this amendment are and shall be without substance, meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 PGIM, INC. 

By Vice President 
 
 THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA 
 
 PGIM, Inc., as investment manager 

By Vice President 

THE GIBRALTAR LIFE INSURANCE CO., LTD. 
 
 By Prudential Investment Management Japan Co., Ltd., as Investment Manager 
 
 By PGIM, Inc., as Sub-Adviser 

By Vice President 

PRUDENTIAL ANNUITIES LIFE ASSURANCE CORPORATION 

By Pruco Life Insurance Company (as Grantor) By PGIM, Inc. (as Investment Manager) 
 
 By Vice President 

Exhibit 4.10 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 
 
 THE LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 By Prudential Private Placement Investors, L.P., as Investment Advisor 
 
 By Prudential Private Placement Investors, Inc., as General Partner 

By Vice President 

THE PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, LTD. 
 
 By Prudential Investment Management Japan Co., Ltd., as Investment Manager 
 
 By PGIM, Inc., as Sub-Adviser 

By Vice President 

PRUDENTIAL TERM REINSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 By PGIM, Inc., as Investment Manager 

By Vice President 
 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY 
 
 By PGIM, Inc., as Investment Manager 

Exhibit 4.10 

 By Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 
 
 Agreed and accepted 
 
 CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION 

By 
 Name Beth W. Cooper 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 4.10 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 I NFORMATION S CHEDULE 

PGIM, INC. 
 
 i. All payments to Prudential shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds for credit to 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank New York, NY 
 ABA No. 021-000-021 
 Account No. 304232491 Account Name PIM Inc. PCG 
 i. Address for all notices relating to payments PGIM, Inc. 
 c o The Prudential Insurance Company of America 2200 Ross Ave 
 Suite 4300W Dallas, TX 75201 
 
 Attention Managing Director Real Assets Energy cc. Vice President and Corporate Counsel pcg.efg.oilgas prudential.com brian.lemons prudential.com 
 
 and for all notices relating solely to scheduled principal and interest payments to 
 
 PGIM, Inc. 
 c o Prudential Private Capital Prudential Tower 
 655 Broad Street 
 16 th Floor South Tower Newark, NJ 07102 
 
 Attention PIM Private Accounting Processing Team 
 Email Pim.Private.Accounting.Processing.Team prudential.com 
 
 i. Address for Delivery of Notes 
 1. Send physical security by nationwide overnight delivery service to PGIM, Inc. 
 655 Broad Street 
 16th Floor - South Tower Newark, NJ 07102 
 
 Attention Trade Management Manager 
 1. Send copy by email to Ignacio Hirigoyen 
 Ignacio.hirigoyen prudential.com and 

Exhibit 4.10 

 Private.Disbursements Prudential.com 
 
 i. Tax Identification No. 22-2540245 
 
 i. External audit confirmations of loan balances for transactions closed by PPC should be sent to the address(es) outlined below. 
 
 Via e-mail (preferred) 
 PPCauditconfirms prudential.com 
 
 By U.S. Mail 
 PGIM Private Placement Operations 655 Broad Street, 14th Floor South Mail Stop # NJ 08-14-75 
 Newark, New Jersey 07102-5096 
 Attn PPC Audit Confirmation Coordinator 
 
 For any questions or assistance with audit confirmations, please contact our centralized audit confirmation telephone number, (973) 367-7561. 
 
 i. Authorized Officers 

Prudential Private Capital 2200 Ross Avenue 
 Suite 4300 
 Dallas, TX 75201 
 (214) 720-6200 

Brian N. Thomas Wendy A. Carlson 
 Managing Director Managing Director 
 Brian.thomas prudential.com wendy.carlson prudential.com 
 Brittany D. Braden Ty Bowman 
 Vice President Vice President 
 Brittany.braden prudential.com ty.bowman prudential.com 
 Brian E. Lemons Ingrida Soldatova 
 Vice President Vice President 
 Brian.lemons prudential.com ingrida.soldatova prudential.com 
 Callie A. Hamilton Lauren Soulis 
 Vice President Vice President 
 Callie.hamilton prudential.com lauren.soulis prudential.com 
 
 Matt Baker Chris Halloran 
 Vice President Vice President 
 Matt.baker pgim.com chris.halloran pgim.com 
 
 Authorized Officers for Company 

Exhibit 4.10 

Noah T. Russell 
 Assistant Vice President & Assistant Treasurer Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400 
 Dover, Delaware 19901 
 
 Telephone 302-736-7656 
 Facsimile 302-734-6750 
 
 Beth W. Cooper 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400 
 Dover, Delaware 19901 
 
 Telephone 302-734-6022 
 Facsimile 302-734-6750 
 
 EXHIBIT B 
 
 See Attached 
 
 S UBSIDIARIES OF THE C OMPANY AND O WNERSHIP OF S UBSIDIARY S TOCK 
 Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 Owner 
 Ownership Percentage 
 Eastern Shore Natural Gas Company Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Sharp Energy, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Sharpgas, Inc. Delaware Sharp Energy, Inc. 100 Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Peninsula Pipeline Company, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Florida Public Utilities Company Florida Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 FPU Renewables, LLC Florida Florida Public Utilities Company 100 Flo-Gas Corporation Florida Florida Public Utilities Company 100 Chesapeake Service Company Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Skipjack, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Service Company 100 Chesapeake Investment Company Delaware Chesapeake Service Company 100 

Exhibit 4.10 

 Eastern Shore Real Estate, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Service Company 100 Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Sandpiper Energy, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Eight Flags Energy, LLC Delaware Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC 100 Aspire Energy Express, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Marlin Gas Services, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Aspire Energy of Ohio, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Chesapeake Elkton, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Elkton Gas Company Maryland Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 OnSight Renewables, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Amelia Island Energy, LLC Delaware Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC 100 Amelia Renewables, LLC Delaware OnSight Renewables, LLC 100 
 Blue Peake LNG, LLC Delaware OnSight Renewables, LLC 100 Marlin Compression, LLC Delaware OnSight Renewables, LLC 100 
 
 E XISTING I NDEBTEDNESS 
 
 The existing principal amount of Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2022, is as follows 
 
 Agreement 
 Current Outstanding Principal as of September 30, 2022 
 Note Agreement, dated October 31, 2008, as amended, regarding 5.93 Senior Unsecured Notes, due October 31, 2023. 
 4,500,000 
 Note Agreement, dated June 29, 2010, as amended by First Amendment June 20, 2011 
 a. 5.68 Series A, Senior Unsecured Notes, due June 30, 2026 
 b. 6.43 Series B, Senior Unsecured Notes, due May 2, 2028. 
 
 i. 
 
 ii. 
 
 11,600,000 
 
 4,200,000 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 5, 2013 

Exhibit 4.10 

 a. 3.73 Series A, Senior Unsecured Notes, due December 16 
 b. 3.88 Series B, Senior Unsecured Notes, due May 15, 202 
 i. 
 
 ii. 
 14,000,000 
 
 35,000,000 
 Private Shelf Facility, dated October 8, 2015 (as amended, 

i. 
 
 ii. iii. iv. 

68,250,000 
 
 100,000,000 
 
 50,000,000 
 
 80,000,000 
 funding is expected to occur in March 2023 
 restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
 time to time), by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment 
 Management, Inc.) 
 i. 3.25 Senior Unsecured Notes, due April 30, 203 
 ii. 3.98 Senior Unsecured Notes, Series B, du 
 20, 2039. 
 iii. 3.00 Senior Unsecured Notes, Series C, due July 1 
 2035. 
 iv. 5.43 Senior Unsecured Notes, Series D, due Mar 
 14, 2038 
 Master Note Agreement, dated March 2, 2017 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and between Chesapeake Utilities Cor 
 
 and NYL Investors LLC 
 
 a. 3.48 Senior Unsecured Notes due May 31, 2038 
 b. 3.58 Senior Unsecured Notes due November 30, 2038. 
 c. 2.96 Senior Unsecured Notes due August 15, 2035 
 i. 50,000,000 ii. 50,000,000 iii. 40,000,0 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 19, 2019, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America and the other purchasers party thereto regarding 2.98 Senior Unsecured Notes, due December 20, 2034. 
 70,000,000 

Exhibit 4.10 

 Private Shelf Agreement, dated March 2, 2017 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and MetLife Investment Advisors, LLC (now known as MetLife Investment Management, LLC). 
 i. 2.95 Senior Unsecured Notes due March 15, 204 

i. 50,000,00 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 12, 2021 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a Delaware corporation, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, swing loan lender and issuing lender, and the other lenders party thereto, providing for 
 (i) a 200,000,000 5-year revolving facility expiring on August 12, 2026, and (ii) a 200,000,000 364-day revolving facility expiring on August 11, 2022. 
 166,319,525.75 
 Equipment Security Note dated September 29, 2021, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC regarding 2.46 Equipment Security Note, due September 29, 2031. 
 8,734,006 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, MetLife Insurance K.K. and the other purchase party thereto regarding 2.49 Senior Unsecured Notes, due January 25, 2037 
 50,000,000 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-4.11>
 3
 cpk12312022ex-411.htm
 EX-4.11

Document 
 Exhibit 4.11 

 EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 February 21, 2023 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400 
 Dover, Delaware 19901 
 
 Re Amendment No. 2 to Private Shelf Agreement 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Reference is made to the Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2017 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Private Shelf Agreement dated as of May 14, 2020, the Shelf Agreement originally among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and MetLife Investment Advisors, LLC (now known as MetLife Investment Management, LLC) and each MetLife Affiliate which may become a party thereto in accordance with the terms thereof. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Shelf Agreement. 
 
 The Company has requested that MetLife and the Required Holders (i) agree to extend the Issuance Period for three years from the Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof) and 
 (ii) make certain other amendments to the Shelf Agreement as more particularly described herein. Pursuant to such requests, and in accordance with the provisions of Section 17.1 of the Shelf Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 SECTION 1. Amendments . Effective on the Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), the Shelf Agreement is amended as follows 
 
 a. The Shelf Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to 150,000,000 contained therein and inserting 200,000,000 in lieu thereof. 
 
 a. The Shelf Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the reference to 909 Silver Lake Boulevard, Dover, Delaware 19904 contained therein and inserting 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400, Dover, Delaware 19901 in lieu thereof. 
 
 a. Section 1 of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words to mature, in the case of each Note so issued, no more than 20 years after the date of original issuance thereof and inserting to mature, in the case of each Note so issued, no more than 30 years after the date of original issuance thereof in lieu thereof. 
 
 a. Section 2(b) of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended by deleting clause (1) thereof in its entirety and inserting (1) February 21, 2026 (or if such date is not a Business Day, the Business Day next preceding such date) and . 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 21, 2023 

Exhibit 4.11 

 Page 2 
 
 a. Section 7.1(i) of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 i. Resignation or Replacement of Auditors within 
 10 days following the date on which the Company s independent auditors resign or the Company elects to change independent auditors, as the case may be, notification thereof, together with such supporting information as the Required Holders may request provided, that delivery of a copy of a Current Report on Form 8-K (or applicable successor form), reporting such resignation or change of independent auditors, prepared in accordance with the SEC s requirements therefor and filed with the SEC, shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of this Section 7.1(i) and 
 a. Section 7.4 of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 Section 7.4 Electronic Delivery . Financial statements, opinions of independent certified public accountants, other information and Officers Certificates that are required to be delivered by the Company pursuant to Sections 7.1(a), (b), (d) or 
 i. and Section 7.2 shall be deemed to have been delivered if the Company satisfies any of the following requirements with respect thereto 
 
 1. such financial statements satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or (b) and related Officer s Certificate satisfying the requirements of Section 7.2 are delivered to each holder of a Note by e-mail 
 
 1. the Company shall have timely filed such Form 10 Q or Form 10 K, satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b), as the case may be, with the SEC on EDGAR and shall have made such form and the related Officer s Certificate satisfying the requirements of Section 
 7.2 available on its home page on the internet, which is located at http chpk.com as of the date of this Agreement 
 
 1. such financial statements satisfying the requirements of Section 7.1(a) or Section 7.1(b) and related Officer s Certificate satisfying the 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 21, 2023 
 Page 3 
 
 requirements of Section 7.2 are timely posted by or on behalf of the Company on IntraLinks or on any other similar website to which each holder of Notes has free access or 
 
 1. the Company shall have filed any of the items referred to in Section 7.1(d) or Section 7.1(i) with the SEC on EDGAR and shall 

Exhibit 4.11 

 have made such items available on its home page on the internet or on IntraLinks or on any other similar website to which each Purchaser and each holder of Notes has free access 
 
 provided however , that in the case of any of clauses (b), (c) or (d), upon the request of any holder of a Note that is an Institutional Investor to receive written notice of posting and or paper copies of such forms, financial statements and Officer s Certificates, (1) the Company shall give such holder of a Note prior written notice, which may be by e- mail or in accordance with Section 18, of such posting or filing in connection with each delivery, and (2) the Company will promptly e-mail such documents or deliver such paper copies, as the case may be, to such holder. Each holder of Notes that is an Institutional Investor shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 a. Section 10.3(b) of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (b) The Company will not, at any time, permit the aggregate principal amount of (1) outstanding Purchase Money Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, plus (2) outstanding Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted pursuant to Sections 10.4(i) and (j) and (3) outstanding unsecured Current or Funded Indebtedness of Subsidiaries (excluding Current or Funded Indebtedness owed by a Subsidiary to the Company or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) to exceed 20 of Total Capitalization. 
 a. Section 10.5 of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 Section 10.5 Sale of Property and Subsidiary Stock. 
 
 a. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, except in the ordinary course of business, sell, lease, 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 21, 2023 
 Page 4 
 
 transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (not including Excluded Assets) provided that the foregoing restriction does not apply to the sale of assets for a cash consideration to a Person other than an Affiliate, if all of the following conditions are met 
 
 i. the amount of such assets (valued at net book value), together with all other assets of the Company and Subsidiaries previously disposed of (other than in the ordinary course of business) as permitted by this Section 10.5(a) and the assets of any Subsidiary disposed of as permitted by clauses 
 a. and (4) of Section 10.5(b) during the fiscal year in which the disposition occurs does not exceed 10 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal year then most recently ended provided that assets, as so valued, may be sold in excess of 10 of Consolidated Total Assets in any fiscal year if either (i) within one year of such sale, the proceeds from the sale of such assets are used, or committed by the Company s Board of Directors to be used, to acquire other assets of at least equivalent value and earning power, or (ii) with the written consent of the holders of the Notes, the proceeds from sale 

Exhibit 4.11 

 of such assets are used immediately upon receipt to prepay pro rata the Notes of all Series under Section 8.2 and other senior Funded Indebtedness of the Company and 
 
 i. in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors, the sale is for fair value and is in the best interest of the Company and 
 
 i. immediately before and immediately after the consummation of the sale, and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default would exist. 
 
 For the purpose of this paragraph (a), any transfer by the Company of any assets of its Florida division and the propane assets of Sharp Energy and Sharpgas located in Florida to FPU at a time when FPU is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary shall be deemed to be in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 a. The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, dispose of its investment in any Subsidiary, and the Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, issue or 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 21, 2023 
 Page 5 
 
 transfer any shares of a Subsidiary s capital stock, equity interests or any other Securities exchangeable or convertible into such Subsidiary s capital stock, equity interests or other Securities (such capital stock, equity interests and other Securities being called the Subsidiary Stock ), if the effect would be to reduce the direct or indirect proportionate interest of the Company in the outstanding Subsidiary Stock of the Subsidiary whose shares are the subject of the transaction, provided that these restrictions do not apply to (1) the issue of directors qualifying shares, (2) the sale or other transfer to a Person other than an Affiliate of the Company and its other Subsidiaries of all or any portion of an investment in any Excluded Assets, (3) the sale or other transfer to a Person other than an Affiliate of the Company and its other Subsidiaries of all or any portion of an investment in any Renewable Subsidiary or (4) the sale for cash consideration of the entire investment of the Company and its other Subsidiaries in any other Subsidiary, provided that in the case of clauses (3) and (4) of this Section 10.5(b), the Company would be permitted to dispose of all or such proportionate amount of the assets of such Subsidiary at the time in compliance with the conditions specified in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of Section 10.5(a). 
 
 For the purpose of this paragraph (b), references to any portion of an investment shall include, without limitation, any sale or transfer that results in (1) the Subsidiary ceasing to qualify as a Subsidiary in accordance with this Agreement or (2) the Subsidiary ceasing to be controlled by the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company. 
 a. Clause (a) of the definition of Excluded Assets in Schedule A to the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (a) each of the following Subsidiaries or the assets of any of the following Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, any Subsidiary Stock owned directly or indirectly by such Subsidiaries) Skipjack, Inc. Eastern Shore Real Estate, Inc. Peninsula Pipeline Company, Inc. Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC and Eight Flags Energy, LLC and 

Exhibit 4.11 

 a. The definition of FPU Indebtedness in Schedule A to the Shelf Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 a. Schedule A to the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended by inserting a new definition of Renewable Subsidiary in the appropriate alphabetical order to read as follows 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 21, 2023 
 Page 6 
 
 Renewable Subsidiary means any Subsidiary primarily engaged in the development, research or production of renewable energy or renewable energy sources. 
 a. Schedule B of the Shelf Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2. Available Facility Amount . The Company and MetLife expressly agree and acknowledge that as of the Effective Date after giving effect to the amendments in Section 1 hereof the Available Facility Amount is 150,000,000. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THIS AMENDMENT AND THE SHELF AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN ENTERED INTO ON THE EXPRESS UNDERSTANDING THAT NEITHER METLIFE NOR ANY METLIFE AFFILIATE SHALL BE OBLIGATED TO MAKE OR ACCEPT OFFERS TO PURCHASE NOTES, OR TO QUOTE RATES, SPREADS OR OTHER TERMS WITH RESPECT TO SPECIFIC PURCHASES OF NOTES, AND THE FACILITY SHALL IN NO WAY BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY METLIFE OR ANY METLIFE AFFILIATE. 
 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties . The Company represents and warrants that (a) the execution and delivery of this amendment has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on behalf of each of the Company and this amendment has been executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each of the Company, and all necessary or required consents to this amendment (other than any consents required to be obtained solely by a holder) have been obtained and are in full force and effect (b) each representation and warranty set forth in Section 5 of the Shelf Agreement is true and correct as of the date of execution and delivery of this amendment by the Company with the same effect as if made on such date provided that for purposes of the representations in Section 5.4 and Section 5.15 of the Shelf Agreement, the schedules attached as Exhibit B hereto shall replace Schedule 5.4 and Schedule 
 5.15 of the Shelf Agreement and (c) after giving effect to the amendments set forth in Section 1 hereof, no Event of Default or Default exists or has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof. 
 
 SECTION 4. Effectiveness . This amendment shall become effective as of the date first written above (the Effective Date provided that MetLife and each holder of a Note receive original counterparts or, if satisfactory to MetLife or such Holder, certified or other copies of this amendment, duly executed and delivered by the parties hereto. 
 
 SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on Shelf Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of this amendment, each reference to the Shelf Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Shelf Agreement as modified by this amendment. 

Exhibit 4.11 

 Except as specifically set forth in Section 1 hereof, the Shelf Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this amendment shall not be construed as a course of dealing or other implication that any holder of the Notes has agreed to or is prepared to grant any consents or agree to any waiver to the Shelf Agreement in the future, whether or not under similar circumstances. 
 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation February 21, 2023 
 Page 7 
 
 SECTION 6. Expenses . The Company hereby confirms its obligations under the Shelf Agreement, whether or not the transactions hereby contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by MetLife, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by MetLife in connection with this amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby, in enforcing any rights under this amendment, or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. The obligations of the Company under this Section 6 shall survive transfer by any Purchaser or holder of any Note and payment of any Note. 
 
 SECTION 7. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE THIS AMENDMENT TO BE CONSTRUED OR ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES TO BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION). 
 
 SECTION 8. Counterparts Section Titles . This amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this amendment by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this amendment. The section titles contained in this amendment are and shall be without substance, meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 

Very truly yours, 
 
 METLIFE INVEST M E N T MANAGEMENT, LLC (FKA METLIFE INVESTMENT ADVISORS, LLC) 

Exhibit 4.11 

 By 
 Name Frederic Spoier 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 METLIFE INS U RANCE K.K. 
 
 By MetLife Investment Management , LLC , its investment manager 

By 
 Name Frederic Spoth Title Authorized Signatory 

MISSOURI REINS U RANCE, IN C . 
 
 By MetLife Investment Management , LLC , its investment manager 
 By 
 Name Frederic Sporel 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 

Exhibit 4.11 

Agreed and accepted 
 
 CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION 
 By 
 Name Beth W. Cooper 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 

Exhibit 4.11 

E XHIBIT A 
 
 I NFORMATION S CHEDULE 

Shaun Oliver Associate Director Private Fixed Income 
 MetLife Investment Management 
 One MetLife Way, Whippany, NJ, 07981 P 973-355-4492 
 soliver metlife.com 
 
 Fred Sporer Director 
 Private Fixed Income 
 MetLife Investment Management 
 One MetLife Way, Whippany, NJ 07981 P 917-596-3524 
 fsporer metlife.com 
 
 Trevor Shields Associate 
 MetLife Private Capital 
 MetLife Investment Management 
 One MetLife Way, Whippany, NJ, 07981 P 973-307-7238 
 trevor.shields metlife.com 

Authorized Officers for Company 
 
 Noah T. Russell 
 Assistant Vice President & Assistant Treasurer 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400 
 Dover, Delaware 19901 
 Telephone 302-387-9147 
 Facsimile 302-734-6750 

Beth W. Cooper 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 500 Energy Lane, Suite 400 
 Dover, Delaware 19901 
 Telephone 302-734-6022 
 Facsimile 302-734-6750 
 
 EXHIBIT B 
 
 See Attached 

Exhibit 4.11 

S UBSIDIARIES OF THE C OMPANY AND O WNERSHIP OF S UBSIDIARY S TOCK 
 Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 Owner 
 Ownership Percentage 
 Eastern Shore Natural Gas Company Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Sharp Energy, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Sharpgas, Inc. Delaware Sharp Energy, Inc. 100 Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Peninsula Pipeline Company, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Florida Public Utilities Company Florida Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 FPU Renewables, LLC Florida Florida Public Utilities Company 100 Flo-Gas Corporation Florida Florida Public Utilities Company 100 Chesapeake Service Company Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Skipjack, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Service Company 100 Chesapeake Investment Company Delaware Chesapeake Service Company 100 Eastern Shore Real Estate, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Service Company 100 Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Sandpiper Energy, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Eight Flags Energy, LLC Delaware Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC 100 Aspire Energy Express, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Marlin Gas Services, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Aspire Energy of Ohio, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Chesapeake Elkton, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Elkton Gas Company Maryland Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 OnSight Renewables, LLC Delaware Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 100 Amelia Island Energy, LLC Delaware Chesapeake OnSight Services, LLC 100 Amelia Renewables, LLC Delaware OnSight Renewables, LLC 100 

Exhibit 4.11 

 Blue Peake LNG, LLC Delaware OnSight Renewables, LLC 100 Marlin Compression, LLC Delaware OnSight Renewables, LLC 100 
 
 E XISTING I NDEBTEDNESS 
 
 The existing principal amount of Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2022, is as follows 
 
 Agreement 
 Current Outstanding Principal as of September 30, 2022 
 Note Agreement, dated October 31, 2008, as amended, regarding 5.93 Senior Unsecured Notes, due October 31, 2023. 
 4,500,000 
 Note Agreement, dated June 29, 2010, as amended by First Amendment June 20, 2011 
 a. 5.68 Series A, Senior Unsecured Notes, due June 30, 2026 
 b. 6.43 Series B, Senior Unsecured Notes, due May 2, 2028. 
 
 i. 
 
 ii. 
 
 11,600,000 
 
 4,200,000 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 5, 2013 
 a. 3.73 Series A, Senior Unsecured Notes, due December 16 
 b. 3.88 Series B, Senior Unsecured Notes, due May 15, 202 
 i. 
 
 ii. 
 14,000,000 
 
 35,000,000 

Exhibit 4.11 

 Private Shelf Facility, dated October 8, 2015 (as amended, 

i. 
 
 ii. iii. iv. 

68,250,000 
 
 100,000,000 
 
 50,000,000 
 
 80,000,000 
 funding is expected to occur in March 2023 
 restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
 time to time), by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment 
 Management, Inc.) 
 i. 3.25 Senior Unsecured Notes, due April 30, 203 
 ii. 3.98 Senior Unsecured Notes, Series B, du 
 20, 2039. 
 iii. 3.00 Senior Unsecured Notes, Series C, due July 1 
 2035. 
 iv. 5.43 Senior Unsecured Notes, Series D, due Mar 
 14, 2038 
 Master Note Agreement, dated March 2, 2017 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and between Chesapeake Utilities Cor 
 
 and NYL Investors LLC 
 
 a. 3.48 Senior Unsecured Notes due May 31, 2038 
 b. 3.58 Senior Unsecured Notes due November 30, 2038. 
 c. 2.96 Senior Unsecured Notes due August 15, 2035 
 i. 50,000,000 ii. 50,000,000 iii. 40,000,0 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 19, 2019, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America and the other purchasers party thereto regarding 2.98 Senior Unsecured Notes, due December 20, 2034. 
 70,000,000 
 Private Shelf Agreement, dated March 2, 2017 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and MetLife Investment Advisors, LLC (now known as MetLife Investment Management, LLC). 
 i. 2.95 Senior Unsecured Notes due March 15, 204 

i. 50,000,00 

Exhibit 4.11 

 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 12, 2021 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a Delaware corporation, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, swing loan lender and issuing lender, and the other lenders party thereto, providing for 
 (i) a 200,000,000 5-year revolving facility expiring on August 12, 2026, and (ii) a 200,000,000 364-day revolving facility expiring on August 11, 2022. 
 166,319,525.75 
 Equipment Security Note dated September 29, 2021, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Banc of America Leasing & Capital, LLC regarding 2.46 Equipment Security Note, due September 29, 2031. 
 8,734,006 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2021, by and among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, MetLife Insurance K.K. and the other purchase party thereto regarding 2.49 Senior Unsecured Notes, due January 25, 2037 
 50,000,000 

CH2 26501447.5 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 cpk12312022ex-1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

PERFORMANCE STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 pursuant to the 
 
 CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION 
 2013 STOCK AND INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 

On February 22, 2023 (the Grant Date ), Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has granted to __________ (the Grantee ), who resides at ______________, a Performance Stock Award on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Performance Stock Award Agreement. 
 
 Recitals 
 
 WHEREAS, the Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan has been duly adopted by action of the Company's Board of Directors (the Board on March 6, 2013, and approved by the Shareholders of the Company at a meeting held on May 2, 2013, and amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board, as administrator of the Plan, in January 2017 to align the Plan with a change in accounting standards and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company referred to in the Plan (the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to grant the Performance Stock Award described herein pursuant to the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the shares of the Common Stock of the Company Shares that are subject to this Agreement, when added to the other shares of Common Stock that are subject to awards granted under the Plan, do not exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which awards are authorized to be granted under the Plan or the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted to an individual in a single calendar year. 

Agreement 
 
 It is hereby covenanted and agreed by and between the Company and the Grantee as follows 
 
 Section 1. Performance Stock Award and Performance Period 
 
 The Company hereby grants to the Grantee a Performance Stock Award as of the Grant Date. As more fully described herein, the Grantee may earn up to ______ Shares upon the Company's achievement of the performance criteria set forth in Section 2 (the Performance Shares over the performance period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025 (the Performance Period ). This Award has been granted pursuant to the Plan capitalized terms used in this agreement which are not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 Section 2. Performance Criteria and Terms of Stock Award 

Exhibit 10.16 

 (a) The Committee selected and established in writing performance criteria for the Performance Period, which, if met, may entitle the Grantee to some or all of the Performance Shares under this Award. As soon as practicable after the Company s independent auditors have certified the Company s financial statements for each fiscal year of the Company in the Performance Period, the Committee shall determine for purposes of this Agreement the Company s (1) total shareholder return, defined as the cumulative total return to stockholders Stockholder Value ), (2) growth in long-term earnings, defined as the growth in total capital expenditures as a percentage of total capitalization Growth ), and (3) earnings performance, defined as average return on equity RoE ), in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. The Stockholder Value, Growth and RoE (each a Performance Metric and collectively, the Performance Metrics shall be determined by the Committee in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement based on financial results reported to stockholders in the Company s annual reports and may be subject to adjustment by the Committee for extraordinary events during the Performance Period, as applicable. Both the Stockholder Value and the Growth Performance Metrics will be compared to the performance of the 2023-2025 Performance Peer Group, Attachment A hereto and to the 2023-2025 Long-Term Award Resolution (collectively referred to as the Peer Group ), for the Performance Period and Awards will be determined according to the schedule in subsection (b) below. For Stockholder Value, the calculation of total stockholder return will utilize the average closing stock price from November 1 through December 31 immediately preceding the beginning and at the end of the performance period. For the average RoE Performance Metric, the Company s performance will be compared to pre-determined RoE thresholds established by the Committee. At the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall certify the extent to which the Performance Goals were met during the Performance Period. If the Performance Goals for the Performance Period are met, the Grantee shall be entitled to the Award, subject, however, to the Committee s exercise of discretion to adjust any Award to a grantee (either up or down) based on business outcomes and objectives established for that grantee or any other factors, all as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee shall promptly notify the Grantee of its determination. 
 
 (b) The Grantee may earn 50 percent or more of the target award of _________ Performance Shares (the Target Award up to a maximum number of Performance Shares set forth in Section 1 above (the Maximum Award based upon achievement of threshold and target levels of performance against the Performance Metrics established for the Performance Period. The Committee shall confirm the level of Award attained for the Performance Period after the Company s independent auditors have certified the Company s financial statements for each fiscal year of the Company in the Performance Period. 
 
 (c) Once established, the performance criteria identified above normally shall not be changed during the Performance Period. However, if any of the companies in the Peer Group cease to be publicly traded, they will automatically be deleted from the Peer Group. In addition, the Committee may, in its discretion, approve adjustments to (i) the number of Shares, Options or other benefit granted, issued and or vested under an Award, (ii) applicable performance criteria, and or (iii) applicable financial or other results achieved or the manner in which applicable financial or other results are calculated or evaluated for purposes of determining whether performance criteria were satisfied during or with respect to the Performance Period, all as provided in the Plan. 
 
 (d) Performance Shares that are awarded to the Grantee pursuant to this Section 2 shall be issued promptly, without payment of consideration by the Grantee, within 2 months of the end of the Performance Period. The Grantee shall have the right to vote the Performance 

Exhibit 10.16 

 Shares and to receive the dividends distributable with respect to such Shares on and after, but not before, the date on which the Grantee is recorded on the Company's ledger as holder of record of the Performance Shares (the Issue Date ). If, however, the Grantee receives Shares as part of any dividend or other distribution with respect to the Performance Shares, such Shares shall be treated as if they are Performance Shares, and such Shares shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions imposed by this Section 2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, equivalent to the dividends that would have been paid on the awarded Performance Shares from the Grant Date to the Issue Date for those Performance Shares actually earned by the Grantee during the applicable Performance Period. Such dividend equivalents shall be payable at the time such Performance Shares are issued. 
 
 (e) The Performance Shares will not be registered for resale under the Securities Act of 1933 or the laws of any state except when and to the extent determined by the Board pursuant to a resolution. Until a registration statement is filed and becomes effective, however, transfer of the Performance Shares shall require the availability of an exemption from such registration, and prior to the issuance of new certificates, the Company shall be entitled to take such measures as it deems appropriate (including but not limited to obtaining from the Grantee an investment representation letter and or further legending the new certificates) to ensure that the Performance Shares are not transferred in the absence of such exemption. 
 
 (f) In the event of a Change in Contro l 1 , as defined in the Plan, during the Performance Period, the Grantee shall earn the Target Award of Performance Shares set forth in this Section 2, as if all performance criteria were satisfied, without any pro ration based on the portion of the Performance Period that has expired as of the date of such Change in Control. 
 
 (g) If, during the Performance Period, the Grantee has a Termination of Employment, Performance Shares shall be deemed earned or forfeited as follows 
 
 (1) Except as provided in Section (2), below, upon voluntary Termination of Employment by the Grantee or termination by the Company for any reason, all unearned Performance Shares shall be forfeited immediately and 
 
 (2) If the Grantee has a Termination of Employment by reason of death or Disability or Retirement (as such terms are defined in the Plan), the number of Performance Shares that would otherwise have been earned at the end of the Performance Period shall be reduced by pro rating such Performance Shares based on the proportion of the Performance Period during which the Grantee was employed by the Company (based upon the full months of the Performance Period elapsed as of the end of the month in which the Termination of Employment occurred over the total number of months in the Performance Period), unless the Committee determines that the Performance Shares shall not be so reduced. 

1 Note The Company is continuing to monitor the development of the SEC s recently issued Clawback rules. 
 
 a. The Grantee shall be solely responsible for any federal, state and local taxes of any kind imposed in connection with the vesting or delivery of the Performance Shares. Prior to the transfer of any Performance Shares to the Grantee, the Grantee shall remit to the 

Exhibit 10.16 

 Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state, local and other withholding tax requirements. The Grantee may elect to have all or part of any withholding tax obligation satisfied by having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee as Performance Shares, unless the Committee determines otherwise by resolution. If the Grantee fails to make such payments or election, the Company and its subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payments of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee any taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the Performance Shares. In the case of any amounts withheld for taxes pursuant to this provision in the form of Shares, the amount withheld shall not exceed the maximum required by applicable law and regulations. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or distribution (a Payment by the Company or any other person or entity to or for the benefit of the Grantee is determined to be an excess parachute payment (within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(1) or any successor provision of similar effect), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, then the Grantee s benefits under this Agreement may, unless the Grantee elects otherwise pursuant to Grantee s employment agreement, be reduced by the amount necessary so that the Grantee s total parachute payment as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A) under this and all other agreements will be 1.00 less than the amount that would be a parachute payment . The payment of any excess parachute payment pursuant to this paragraph shall also comply with the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any. 
 
 Section 3. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Shares 
 
 Each transfer of Performance Shares shall be subject to the condition that if at any time the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, that it is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the transfer of Performance Shares (i) to satisfy withholding tax or other withholding liabilities, (ii) to effect the listing, registration or qualification on any securities exchange or under any state or federal law of any Shares deliverable in connection with such exercise, or (iii) to obtain the consent or approval of any regulatory body, then in any such event such transfer shall not be effective unless such withholding, listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. 
 
 Section 4. Adjustment of Shares 
 
 (a) If the Company shall become involved in a merger, consolidation or other reorganization, whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation, any right to earn Performance Shares shall be deemed a right to earn or to elect to receive the consideration into which the Shares represented by the Performance Shares would have been converted under the terms of the merger, consolidation or other reorganization. If the Company is not the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation (the Successor shall succeed to the rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) If any subdivision or combination of Shares or any stock dividend, capital reorganization or recapitalization occurs after the adoption of the Plan, the Committee shall make such proportionate adjustments as are appropriate to the number of Performance Shares to be earned in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the rights of the Grantee. 

Exhibit 10.16 

 Section 5. No Right to Employment 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed by implication or otherwise to confer upon the Grantee any right to continued employment by the Company or any affiliate of the Company or to limit the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s employment for any reason or for no reason. 
 
 Section 6. Notice 
 
 Any notice to be given hereunder by the Grantee shall be sent by mail addressed to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, 500 Energy Lane, Dover, Delaware 19901, for the attention of the Committee, c o the Corporate Secretary, and any notice by the Company to the Grantee shall be sent by mail addressed to the Grantee at the address of the Grantee shown on the first page hereof. Either party may, by notice given to the other in accordance with the provisions of this Section, change the address to which subsequent notices shall be sent. 
 
 Section 7. Beneficiary Designation 
 
 Grantee may designate a beneficiary to receive any Performance Shares to which Grantee is entitled which vest as a result of Grantee s death. Grantee acknowledges that the Company may exercise all rights under this Agreement and the Plan against Grantee and Grantee s estate, heirs, lineal descendants and personal representatives and shall not be limited to exercising its rights against Grantee s beneficiary. 
 
 Section 8. Assumption of Risk 
 
 It is expressly understood and agreed that the Grantee assumes all risks incident to any change hereafter in the applicable laws or regulations or incident to any change in the market value of the Performance Shares. 
 
 Section 9. Terms of Plan and Employment Agreement 
 
 This Agreement is entered into pursuant to the Plan (a summary of which has been delivered to the Grantee). This Agreement is subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference, and the actions taken by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. In addition, this Award is subject to applicable provisions of the Grantee s employment agreement, including provisions requiring the Company to recover some or all of the Performance Shares awarded hereunder in the circumstances described in such agreement or as otherwise required by applicable law. All determinations by the Committee shall be in its sole discretion and shall be binding on the Company and the Grantee. 
 
 Section 10. Governing Law Amendment 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed and administered in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice of law rules) and the requirements of any applicable federal law. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 Section 11. Action by the Committee 

Exhibit 10.16 

The parties agree that the interpretation of this Agreement shall rest exclusively and completely within the sole discretion of the Committee. The parties agree to be bound by the decisions of the Committee with regard to the interpretation of this Agreement and with regard to any and all matters set forth in this Agreement. The Committee may delegate its functions under this Agreement to an officer of the Company designated by the Committee (hereinafter the Designee ). In fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder, the Committee or its Designee may rely upon documents, written statements of the parties or such other material as the Committee or its Designee deems appropriate. The parties agree that there is no right to be heard or to appear before the Committee or its Designee and that any decision of the Committee or its Designee relating to this Agreement shall be final and binding unless such decision is arbitrary and capricious. 
 
 Section 12. Terms of Agreement 
 
 This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding on the parties hereto for so long as any Performance Shares issued to the Grantee under this Agreement continue to be held by the Grantee. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its corporate name, and the Grantee has executed the same in evidence of the Grantee's acceptance hereof, upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION 

By 
 
 Printed Name 
 
 Its 

Grantee 

Printed Name 

Exhibit 10.16 

Attachment A 
 2023-2025 Performance Peer Group 

The 2023-2025 Performance Peer Group consists of the following gas utility companies 

1. Atmos Energy Corporation 
 2. Black Hills Corporation 
 3. New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 4. NiSource Inc. 
 5. NW Natural (a subsidiary of Northwest Natural Holding Co.) 
 6. Northwestern Corporation 
 7. ONE Gas, Inc. 
 8. RGC Resources, Inc. 
 9. Spire Inc. 
 10. Unitil Corporation 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.34>
 5
 cpk12312022ex-10x34.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 
 Exhibit 10.34 

PERFORMANCE STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 pursuant to the 
 
 CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION 
 2013 STOCK AND INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 

On February 23, 2022 (the Grant Date ), Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has granted to __________ (the Grantee ), who resides at ______________, a Performance Stock Award on the terms and subject to the conditions of this Performance Stock Award Agreement. 
 
 Recitals 
 
 WHEREAS, the Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan has been duly adopted by action of the Company's Board of Directors (the Board on March 6, 2013, approved by the Shareholders of the Company at a meeting held on May 2, 2013, and amended by the Compensation Committee of the Board, as administrator of the Plan, in January 2017 to align the Plan with a change in accounting standards and 
 
 WHEREAS, the President of the Company after consultation with the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company referred to in the Plan (the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to grant the Performance Stock Award described herein pursuant to the Plan and 
 
 WHEREAS, the shares of the Common Stock of the Company Shares that are subject to this Agreement, when added to the other shares of Common Stock that are subject to awards granted under the Plan, do not exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which awards are authorized to be granted under the Plan or the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted to an individual in a single calendar year. 

Agreement 
 
 It is hereby covenanted and agreed by and between the Company and the Grantee as follows 
 
 Section 1. Performance Stock Award and Performance Period 
 
 The Company hereby grants to the Grantee a Performance Stock Award as of the Grant Date. As more fully described herein, the Grantee may earn up to ______ Shares upon the Company's achievement of the performance criteria set forth in Section 2 (the Performance Shares over the performance period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024 (the Performance Period ). This Award has been granted pursuant to the Plan capitalized terms used in this agreement which are not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
 
 Section 2. Performance Criteria and Terms of Stock Award 

Exhibit 10.34 

 a. The President selected and established in writing performance criteria for the Performance Period, which, if met, may entitle the Grantee to some or all of the Performance Shares under this Award. As soon as practicable after the Company s independent auditors have certified the Company s financial statements for each fiscal year of the Company in the Performance Period, the President in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer shall determine for purposes of this Agreement the Company s (1) total shareholder return, defined as the cumulative total return to shareholders Shareholder Value ), (2) growth in long-term earnings, defined as the growth in total capital expenditures as a percentage of total capitalization Growth ), and (3) earnings performance, defined as average return on equity RoE ), in accordance with procedures established by the President. The Shareholder Value, Growth and RoE (each a Performance Metric and collectively, the Performance Metrics shall be determined by the President and Chief Financial Officer in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement based on financial results reported to shareholders in the Company s annual reports and may be subject to adjustment by the President for extraordinary events during the Performance Period, as applicable. Both the Shareholder Value and the Growth Performance Metrics will be compared to the performance of the 2022-2024 Performance Peer Group, Attachment A hereto and to the 2022-2024 Long-Term Award Resolution (collectively referred to as the Peer Group ), for the Performance Period and Awards will be determined according to the schedule in subsection (b) below. For Shareholder Value, the calculation of total shareholder return will utilize the average closing stock price from November 1 through December 31 immediately preceding the beginning and at the end of the performance period. For the average RoE Performance Metric, the Company s performance will be compared to pre-determined RoE thresholds established by the President. At the end of the Performance Period, the President shall certify the extent to which the Performance Goals were met during the Performance Period. If the Performance Goals for the Performance Period are met, the Grantee shall be entitled to the Award, subject, however, to the President s exercise of discretion to adjust any Award to a grantee (either up or down) based on business objectives established for that grantee or any other factors, all as determined by the President in his sole discretion. The President shall promptly notify the Grantee of his determination. 
 
 a. The Grantee may earn 50 percent or more of the target award of _________ Performance Shares (the Target Award up to a maximum number of Performance Shares set forth in Section 1 above (the Maximum Award based upon achievement of threshold and target levels of performance against the Performance Metrics established for the Performance Period. The Committee shall confirm the level of Award attained for the Performance Period after the Company s independent auditors have certified the Company s financial statements for each fiscal year of the Company in the Performance Period. 
 
 (c) Once established, the performance criteria identified above normally shall not be changed during the Performance Period. However, if any of the companies in the Peer Group cease to be publically traded, they will automatically be deleted from the Peer Group. In addition, if the President determines that external changes or other unanticipated business conditions have materially affected the fairness of the goals, or that a change in the business, operations, corporate structure or capital structure of the Company, or the manner in which it 

Exhibit 10.34 

 conducts its business, or acquisitions or divestitures of subsidiaries or business units, or other events or circumstances materially affect the performance criteria or render the performance criteria unsuitable, then the President may approve appropriate adjustments to the performance criteria (either up or down) during the Performance Period, in his discretion. 
 
 (d) Performance Shares that are awarded to the Grantee pursuant to this Section 2 shall be issued promptly, without payment of consideration by the Grantee, within 2 months of the end of the Performance Period. The Grantee shall have the right to vote the Performance Shares and to receive the dividends distributable with respect to such Shares on and after, but not before, the date on which the Grantee is recorded on the Company's ledger as holder of record of the Performance Shares (the Issue Date ). If, however, the Grantee receives Shares as part of any dividend or other distribution with respect to the Performance Shares, such Shares shall be treated as if they are Performance Shares, and such Shares shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions imposed by this Section 2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, equivalent to the dividends that would have been paid on the awarded Performance Shares from the Grant Date to the Issue Date for those Performance Shares actually earned by the Grantee during the applicable Performance Period. Such dividend equivalents shall be payable at the time such Performance Shares are issued. 
 
 (e) The Performance Shares will not be registered for resale under the Securities Act of 1933 or the laws of any state except when and to the extent determined by the Board pursuant to a resolution. Until a registration statement is filed and becomes effective, however, transfer of the Performance Shares shall require the availability of an exemption from such registration, and prior to the issuance of new certificates, the Company shall be entitled to take such measures as it deems appropriate (including but not limited to obtaining from the Grantee an investment representation letter and or further legending the new certificates) to ensure that the Performance Shares are not transferred in the absence of such exemption. 
 
 (f) In the event of a Change in Control, as defined in the Plan, during the Performance Period, the Grantee shall earn the Target Award of Performance Shares set forth in this Section 2, as if all performance criteria were satisfied, without any pro ration based on the portion of the Performance Period that has expired as of the date of such Change in Control. 
 
 (g) If, during the Performance Period, the Grantee has a Termination of Employment, Performance Shares shall be deemed earned or forfeited as follows 
 
 (1) Except as provided in Section (2), below, upon voluntary Termination of Employment by the Grantee or termination by the Company for any reason, all unearned Performance Shares shall be forfeited immediately and 
 
 (2) If the Grantee has a Termination of Employment by reason of death or Disability or Retirement (as such terms are defined in the Plan), the number of Performance Shares that would otherwise have been earned at the end of the Performance Period shall be reduced by pro rating such Performance Shares based on the proportion of the Performance Period during which the Grantee was employed by the Company (based upon the full months of the Performance Period elapsed as of the end of the month in which the Termination of Employment occurred over the total number of months in the Performance Period), unless the President determines that the Performance Shares shall not be so reduced. 

Exhibit 10.34 

 a. The Grantee shall be solely responsible for any federal, state and local taxes of any kind imposed in connection with the vesting or delivery of the Performance Shares. Prior to the transfer of any Performance Shares to the Grantee, the Grantee shall remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state, local and other withholding tax requirements. The Grantee may elect to have all or part of any withholding tax obligation satisfied by having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee as Performance Shares, unless the President determines otherwise by resolution. If the Grantee fails to make such payments or election, the Company and its subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct from any payments of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee any taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to the Performance Shares. In the case of any amounts withheld for taxes pursuant to this provision in the form of Shares, the amount withheld shall not exceed the maximum required by applicable law and regulations. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or distribution (a Payment by the Company or any other person or entity to or for the benefit of the Grantee is determined to be an excess parachute payment (within the meaning of Code Section 280G(b)(1) or any successor provision of similar effect), whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, then the Grantee s benefits under this Agreement may be reduced by the amount necessary so that the Grantee s total parachute payment as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A) under this and all other agreements will be 1.00 less than the amount that would be a parachute payment . 
 
 Section 3. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Shares 
 
 Each transfer of Performance Shares shall be subject to the condition that if at any time the President shall determine, in his sole discretion, that it is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the transfer of Performance Shares (i) to satisfy withholding tax or other withholding liabilities, (ii) to effect the listing, registration or qualification on any securities exchange or under any state or federal law of any Shares deliverable in connection with such exercise, or (iii) to obtain the consent or approval of any regulatory body, then in any such event such transfer shall not be effective unless such withholding, listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. 
 
 Section 4. Adjustment of Shares 
 
 (a) If the Company shall become involved in a merger, consolidation or other reorganization, whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation, any right to earn Performance Shares shall be deemed a right to earn or to elect to receive the consideration into which the Shares represented by the Performance Shares would have been converted under the terms of the merger, consolidation or other reorganization. If the Company is not the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation (the Successor shall succeed to the rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) If any subdivision or combination of Shares or any stock dividend, capital reorganization or recapitalization occurs after the adoption of the Plan, the President shall make such proportionate adjustments as are appropriate to the number of Performance Shares to be earned in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the rights of the Grantee. 

Exhibit 10.34 

Section 5. No Right to Employment 
 
 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed by implication or otherwise to confer upon the Grantee any right to continued employment by the Company or any affiliate of the Company or to limit the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s employment for any reason or for no reason. 
 
 Section 6. Notice 
 
 Any notice to be given hereunder by the Grantee shall be sent by mail addressed to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, 500 Energy Lane, Dover, Delaware 19901, for the attention of the President, c o the Corporate Secretary, and any notice by the Company to the Grantee shall be sent by mail addressed to the Grantee at the address of the Grantee shown on the first page hereof. Either party may, by notice given to the other in accordance with the provisions of this Section, change the address to which subsequent notices shall be sent. 
 
 Section 7. Beneficiary Designation 
 
 Grantee may designate a beneficiary to receive any Performance Shares to which Grantee is entitled which vest as a result of Grantee s death. Grantee acknowledges that the Company may exercise all rights under this Agreement and the Plan against Grantee and Grantee s estate, heirs, lineal descendants and personal representatives and shall not be limited to exercising its rights against Grantee s beneficiary. 
 
 Section 8. Assumption of Risk 
 
 It is expressly understood and agreed that the Grantee assumes all risks incident to any change hereafter in the applicable laws or regulations or incident to any change in the market value of the Performance Shares. 
 
 Section 9. Terms of Plan 
 
 This Agreement is entered into pursuant to the Plan (a summary of which has been delivered to the Grantee). This Agreement is subject to all of the terms and provisions of the Plan, which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference, and the actions taken by the President pursuant to the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. All determinations by the President shall be in his sole discretion and shall be binding on the Company and the Grantee. 
 
 Section 10. Governing Law Amendment 
 
 This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be construed and administered in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its choice of law rules) and the requirements of any applicable federal law. This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing signed by the parties hereto. 
 
 Section 11. Action by the President 

Exhibit 10.34 

 The parties agree that the interpretation of this Agreement shall rest exclusively and completely within the sole discretion of the President. The parties agree to be bound by the decisions of the President with regard to the interpretation of this Agreement and with regard to any and all matters set forth in this Agreement. The President may delegate his functions under this Agreement to an officer of the Company designated by the President (hereinafter the Designee ). In fulfilling his responsibilities hereunder, the President or his Designee may rely upon documents, written statements of the parties or such other material as the President or his Designee deems appropriate. The parties agree that there is no right to be heard or to appear before the President or his Designee and that any decision of the President or his Designee relating to this Agreement shall be final and binding unless such decision is arbitrary and capricious. 
 
 Section 12. Terms of Agreement 
 
 This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding on the parties hereto for so long as any Performance Shares issued to the Grantee under this Agreement continue to be held by the Grantee. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its corporate name, and the Grantee has executed the same in evidence of the Grantee's acceptance hereof, upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION 

By 

Its 

Grantee 

Printed Name ___________________ 

Exhibit 10.34 

 Attachment A 
 2022-2024 Performance Peer Group 

The 2022-2024 Performance Peer Group consists of the following gas utility companies 

1. Atmos Energy Corporation 
 2. Black Hills Corporation 
 3. New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 4. NiSource Inc. 
 5. NW Natural (a subsidiary of Northwest Natural Holding Co.) 
 6. Northwestern Corporation 
 7. ONE Gas, Inc. 
 8. RGC Resources, Inc. 
 9. South Jersey Industries, Inc. 
 10. Spire Inc. 
 11. Unitil Corporation 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-21>
 6
 cpk12312022ex-21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 E XHIBIT 21 

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Subsidiaries State Incorporated Eastern Shore Natural Gas Company Delaware Sharp Energy, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Service Company Delaware Chesapeake OnSight Services LLC Delaware Peninsula Energy Services Company, Inc. Delaware Peninsula Pipeline Company, Inc. Delaware Florida Public Utilities Company Florida Sandpiper Energy, Inc. Delaware Aspire Energy of Ohio, LLC Delaware Aspire Energy Express, LLC Delaware Marlin Gas Services, LLC Delaware CPK Elkton, LLC Delaware Elkton Gas Company Maryland OnSight Renewables, LLC Delaware CUC Shared Services, Inc. Delaware Subsidiary of Sharp Energy, Inc. State Incorporated Sharpgas, Inc. Delaware Subsidiary of Florida Public Utilities Company State Incorporated Flo-Gas Corporation Florida FPU Renewables, LLC Delaware Subsidiaries of Chesapeake Service Company State Incorporated Skipjack, Inc. Delaware Chesapeake Investment Company Delaware Eastern Shore Real Estate, Inc. Delaware Subsidiaries of Chesapeake OnSight Services LLC State Incorporated Eight Flags Energy, LLC Delaware Amelia Island Energy, LLC Delaware Subsidiaries of OnSight Renewables, LLC State Incorporated Amelia Renewables, LLC Delaware Blue Peake LNG, LLC Delaware Marlin Compression, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 cpk12312022ex-231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 E XHIBIT 23.1 

C ONSENT OF I NDEPENDENT R EGISTERED P UBLIC A CCOUNTING F IRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3ASR (Nos. 333-213729, 333-239569, and 333-250803), Form S-8 (No. 333-192198) and Form S-4 (No. 333-201992) of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation of our report dated February 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Baker Tilly US, LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 cpk12312022ex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

E XHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Jeffry M. Householder, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 
 s J EFFRY M. H OUSEHOLDER 
 Jeffry M. Householder President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 cpk12312022ex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

E XHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 I, Beth W. Cooper, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 S B ETH W. C OOPER 
 Beth W. Cooper Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,Treasurer, and Assistant Corporate Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 cpk12312022ex-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

E XHIBIT 32.1 
 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer 
 of 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 (pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 I, Jeffry M. Householder, President and Chief Executive Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (i) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) the information contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation. 
 
 s J EFFRY M. H OUSEHOLDER 
 Jeffry M. Householder February 22, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and will be retained by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 cpk12312022ex-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

E XHIBIT 32.2 
 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer 
 of 
 Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 
 (pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 I, Beth W. Cooper, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Corporate Secretary of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (i) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) the information contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation. 
 
 S B ETH W. C OOPER 
 Beth W. Cooper February 22, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and will be retained by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 cpk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 cpk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 cpk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 cpk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 cpk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

