<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1666134_0001666134-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13286949</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383688</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2390765</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3959518</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3356893</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2995275</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001666134-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001666134-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKLINE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001666134
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				463354276
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37924
		FILM NUMBER:		23659562

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21300 VICTORY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-223-9008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21300 VICTORY BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001666134-23-000003.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 bl-20221231.htm
 10-K

bl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ______________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ______________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ______________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 ______________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of 
 an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s 
 executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date was billion. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 At February 15, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.01 par value, were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 37 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 97 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 97 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 98 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 98 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 98 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 98 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 99 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 101 
 Signatures 
 102 

2 

PART I 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which statements involve substantial risk and uncertainties. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, intend, potential, would, continue, ongoing or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding future financial and operational performance; statements concerning growth strategies including acquisitions, extension of distribution channels and strategic relationships, product innovation, international expansion, customer growth and expansion, customer service initiatives, expectations regarding our acquisitions, expectations regarding contract size and increased focus on strategic products, expectations for hiring new talent and expanding our sales organization; our ability to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan expenses and investments; the demand for and benefits from the use of our current and future solutions; market acceptance of our solutions; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related responses by governments and private industry on our business and financial condition, as well as that of our customers and partners; changes in the competitive environment in our industry and the markets in which we operate and our liquidity and capital resources. These statements are based upon our historical performance and our current plans, estimates and expectations and are not a representation that such plans, estimates, or expectations will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management s good faith beliefs and assumptions as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainty. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or if any assumptions prove incorrect, actual performance or results may differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainty, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under Part II-Other Information, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere herein. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Furthermore, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by applicable law. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms BlackLine, Inc., the Company, we, us and our in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to the consolidated operations of BlackLine, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries as a whole. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We have created comprehensive cloud-based solutions designed to transform and modernize accounting and finance operations for mid-market and enterprise organizations in all industries globally. Our secure, scalable solutions support critical financial close, accounts receivable and intercompany accounting processes. By introducing software to automate these processes and to enable them to function continuously, we empower our customers to improve the integrity of their financial reporting, increase efficiency in their accounting and finance processes and enhance real-time visibility into their results and operations. 
 Critical accounting and finance processes underlie the integrity of an organization s financial reports. The lack of effective accounting and finance tools can result in inefficient and cumbersome processes and, in some cases, accounting errors, restatements and write-offs, as well as material weaknesses and significant deficiencies. Traditional enterprise resource planning ("ERP") systems do not generally provide effective solutions for processes handled outside of an organization s general ledger, such as balance sheet substantiation, cash application, and intercompany transaction accounting. Many organizations also use multiple ERPs and other financial systems without a platform to efficiently integrate them. As a result, to manage these tasks, organizations rely on spreadsheets and other error-prone and labor-intensive processes. These traditional manual accounting processes require significant time, increase the risk of error, and are unsuited for the increasing regulatory complexity and transaction volumes encountered by many modern businesses. We believe that we are creating a new category of powerful cloud-based software that is capable of automating and streamlining accounting and finance operations, in a manner that complements and supports traditional ERP systems. We believe our customers benefit from cost savings through improvements in process efficiency, accuracy, and staff productivity, in addition to maximizing working capital and driving a faster financial close. 
 3 

Our mission is to transform how accounting and finance departments operate, by delivering an indispensable platform to the controller. Our approach modernizes accounting and finance operations by unifying accounting systems, data and processes; automating manual, repetitive activities; and enabling more real-time delivery of critical accounting information, a process we refer to as continuous accounting. Our solutions help customers unify, orchestrate, and automate accounting processes while achieving greater accuracy, control, and transparency. We believe the need for our software has been driven by growing business and information technology complexities, transaction volumes and expanding regulatory requirements. Our software integrates with, and obtains data from, more than 30 different ERP systems, including Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle, and SAP, as well as many other financial systems and applications such as bank accounts, sub-ledgers and in-house databases. 
 We are a holding company and conduct our operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary, BlackLine Systems, Inc. BlackLine Systems ). On September 3, 2013, our company, BlackLine, Inc., a Delaware C-corporation, acquired BlackLine Systems, a California S-corporation, and outside investors acquired a controlling interest in us, which we refer to as the 2013 Acquisition. The 2013 Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and resulted in a change in accounting basis as of the date of the 2013 Acquisition. 
 On October 2, 2020, we acquired Rimilia Holdings Ltd. Rimilia ), which we refer to as the Rimilia Acquisition". The primary purpose of the Rimilia Acquisition was to extend the Company s capabilities into an adjacent area, adding accounts receivable automation to financial close automation. 
 On January 26, 2022, we acquired FourQ Systems, Inc. FourQ ), which we refer to as the FourQ Acquisition. The primary purpose of the FourQ Acquisition was to enhance our existing intercompany accounting automation capabilities by driving end-to-end automation of traditionally manual intercompany accounting processes. 
 Our cloud-based products include Account Reconciliations, Transaction Matching, Task Management, Journal Entry, Variance Analysis, Consolidation Integrity Manager, Compliance, BlackLine Cash Application, Credit Risk Management, Collections Management, Disputes Deductions, Team Task Management, AR Intelligence, Intercompany Create Functionality, Intercompany Processing, and Netting and Settlement. These products are offered to customers as scalable solutions that support critical accounting processes, such as the financial close, account reconciliations, cash application, intercompany accounting, and compliance. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 Our principal growth strategies include the following: 
 Continue to Innovate and Expand our Platform. Our ability to internally develop or make strategic acquisitions of new, market-leading applications and functionalities is integral to our success, and we intend to continue extending the functionality and range of our applications to bring new solutions to accounting and finance. 
 Enhance Our Leadership Position with Enterprise Market and Mid-Market Companies. We believe we have a leading position in the enhanced financial controls and automation market with both enterprise and mid-market companies. We intend to leverage our brand, history of innovation, and customer focus to maintain and grow our leadership position with enterprise market businesses. In addition, we believe that mid-market businesses are particularly underserved and that our platform can help these businesses modernize their accounting and finance processes efficiently and effectively. 
 Increase Existing Customer Spend through Expanded Usage and Adoption of Additional Products. We pursue a land-and-expand sales model and believe there is significant opportunity to increase sales of our solutions within our existing customer base. Our pricing model is designed to allow us to capture additional revenue as our customers usage of our platform grows, providing us with an opportunity to increase the lifetime value of our customer relationships. 
 Expand Our International Operations and Customer Footprint. We believe that we have a significant opportunity to expand the use of our cloud-based products outside the United States. We have an established presence in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Singapore, and the United Kingdom, and we intend to invest in further expanding our footprint in these and other regions through organic growth activities and strategic acquisitions. 
 Extend Our Customer Relationships and Distribution Channels. We have established strong relationships with technology vendors such as SAP and Microsoft Dynamics, professional services firms such as Deloitte and Ernst Young, and business process outsourcers such as Cognizant, Genpact, and IBM. We intend to continue to strengthen and expand our existing relationships, seek new relationships, and further expand our distribution channels to help us expand into new markets and increase our presence in existing markets. 
 4 

BlackLine Solutions 
 We provide a powerful cloud-based solution designed to unify, automate, and streamline accounting and finance operations. The key elements of our solutions include: 
 Comprehensive Platform 
 We offer integrated suites of applications that deliver a broad range of capabilities to support critical accounting operations such as the financial close, accounts receivable, and intercompany accounting processes. 
 The technology underpinning our software includes a comprehensive base of accounting-specific business logic and rules engines, which enable our customers to implement continuous accounting. 
 Enterprise Integration 
 We provide simple, secure and automated tools and integrations to transfer data to and from a range of enterprise-wide processes and systems, including ERPs, financial systems and in-house databases, and other custom applications and data. Our solutions integrate with over 30 ERP systems, including Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle, and SAP. In addition, for companies with multiple systems and complex needs, we can connect with any number of general ledger systems simultaneously, resolving many of the issues associated with consolidating data across systems. 
 Independence 
 Our solutions are not dependent on any single operating system and work with most major ERP systems our customers may use. Our cross-system functionality allows us to reach a broader group of customers. We are also able to focus on and innovate for the needs of our customers irrespective of updates or changes in their existing systems. We believe this independence provides us with a competitive advantage in the industry over traditional methods. 
 Ease of Use 
 Our solutions are designed by accountants, for accountants, to be intuitive and easy to use. We strive to enable any user to rapidly implement our software to manage their accounting and finance activities, from the simplest to the most sophisticated tasks. Our user-friendly interface provides clear visualization of accounting and finance data, enables user collaboration, and streamlines business processes. 
 Innovation 
 Our ability to develop innovative products has been a key driver of our success and organic growth. Through a history and culture of thought leadership, we have created a new category of powerful software that automates and streamlines antiquated, manual accounting processes to better meet our clients diverse and rapidly changing needs, and we continue to focus on providing advanced solutions to time and labor-intensive accounting practices. 
 Security 
 Our solutions and services incorporate industry best practices and meet internationally recognized standards with respect to information security and privacy management. We have implemented and maintain our certified Information Security Management System and Privacy Information Management System in accordance with the ISO/IEC 27001, 27017, 27018, and 27701 standard requirements. We meet a breadth of requirements for our security control environment, including information security policies, organization of information security, human resource security, access control, cryptography, physical and environmental security, operations security, communications security, information security incident management, and information security aspects of business continuity management. In our continued commitment to customer trust, transparency, and security in service, we provide customers independently validated testing and evaluation of our control environment through issued reports and certifications. 
 Key Benefits 
 Our platform is designed to provide the following benefits to our customers: 
 Flexibility and scalability 
 Our cloud solutions are designed for modern business environments and have broad applicability across enterprise and mid-market organizations in almost any industry. Our solutions support complex corporate structures, provide integration across core financial systems, manage multiple currencies and languages, and scale to support high transaction volumes. 
 5 

Embedded controls and workflow 
 Our solutions are designed for the complex global regulatory environment. Our solutions embed key controls within standardized, repeatable and well-documented workflows, which are designed to result in substantially reduced risk of non-compliance or negative audit findings, greater tolerance for regulatory complexity and increased confidence in financial reports. 
 Real-time visibility 
 We provide users with real-time visibility into the status, progress and quality of their accounting processes. With configurable dashboards, user-defined reporting and the ability to drill down to individual reconciliations, journals and tasks, users can track open items, identify bottlenecks within a process or intervene to prevent mistakes. 
 Automation and efficiency 
 Our solutions can ingest data from a variety of sources, including ERP systems and other data repositories, and apply powerful, rules-driven automation to reconciliations, journals and transactions. This streamlines accounting processes, minimizes manual data entry and improves individual productivity to help ensure that accounting processes are timely completed. As a result, this automation allows users to focus on value-added activities instead of process management. 
 Continuous processing 
 Our solutions help organizations embed quality control, compliance and financial integrity into their day-to-day processes rather than rely on the traditional process of validating financial information at the end of each period. Activities such as account reconciliation and variance analysis can be performed in real-time, thus reducing the risk of errors and creating a more agile accounting environment. 
 Customers 
 Our customers include multinational corporations, large enterprises and mid-market companies across a broad array of industries. These businesses include publicly-listed entities and privately-owned enterprises, as well as non-profit entities. At December 31, 2022, we had 366,522 individual users across 4,188 customers exclusive of on-premise software. We define a customer as an entity with an active subscription agreement as of the measurement date. In situations where an organization has multiple subsidiaries or divisions, each entity that is invoiced as a separate entity is treated as a separate customer. However, where an existing customer requests its invoice be divided for the sole purpose of restructuring its internal billing arrangement without any incremental increase in revenue, such customer continues to be treated as a single customer. 
 Products and Services 
 Our cloud-based solutions for modern accounting are designed to be the primary system of interaction for accountants every day. Our solutions unify systems and data and work to drive accuracy, collaboration, and accountability through visibility. By unifying and automating activity, we enable accounting departments to execute their work continuously, empowering real-time reporting and business partnership. These products are offered to our customers as scalable solutions for critical accounting processes, including financial close management, accounts receivable, and intercompany accounting. 
 Financial Close Management 
 The collection of processes by which organizations reconcile, consolidate, and report their financial information at the end of each period is referred to as the financial close. For organizations of any size, the traditional way of closing the books is held together by manual processes and error-prone spreadsheets, increasing risk and threatening the accuracy of financial reporting. Our Financial Close Management solutions allow customers to standardize and automate key steps across the close process to ensure accuracy, control, and timeliness. 
 Account Reconciliations provides a centralized workspace from which users can collaborate to complete account reconciliations. Features include standardized templates, workflows for review and approval, linkage to policies and procedures, and integrated storage of supporting documentation. The product automates otherwise manual activities in the reconciliation process, significantly reducing time and effort and increasing productivity. It also enhances internal controls by facilitating the appropriate segregation of duties, simplifying reconciliation audits and adding transparency and visibility to the reconciliation process. 
 Transaction Matching analyzes and reconciles high volumes of individual transactions from different sources of data based upon user-configured logic. Our rules engine automatically identifies exceptions, 
 6 

errors, missing data, and variances within massive data sets. The matching engine processes millions of records per minute, can be used with any type of data and allows customers to reconcile transactions in real-time. 
 Task Management enables users to create and manage processes and task lists. The product provides automatic and recurring task scheduling, includes configurable workflow and provides a management console for accounting and finance projects. Though most commonly used with the financial close, users can create task lists and projects for hundreds of different use cases ranging from external audits to environmental impact surveys. 
 Journal Entry allows users to manually or automatically generate, review and post manual journal entries. Journals can be automatically allocated across multiple business units and calculated based on complex, client-defined logic. More importantly, the addition of validation and approval checkpoints helps ensure the integrity of information passed to other financial applications. Customers can use the Journal Entry product to pass information to hundreds of different ERPs and subsystems in a configurable, easily consumable format. 
 Variance Analysis provides always-on monitoring and automatically identifies anomalous fluctuations in balance sheet and income statement account balances. Once an account in flux is identified, users are automatically alerted so they can research and determine the source of the fluctuation. 
 Consolidation Integrity Manager manages the automated system-to-system tie-out process that occurs during the consolidation phase of the financial close. Companies with multiple ERPs utilize a consolidation system to produce their consolidated financial results. Because these systems contain and produce information that changes continually and requires constant adjustments, a final tie-out that is typically handled manually in a spreadsheet is necessary prior to publishing results. This product automates the tie-out process, aggregating balances from dozens or hundreds of different systems and allowing users to identify exceptions and create adjustments quickly. 
 Compliance is an integrated solution that facilitates compliance-related initiatives, consolidates project management, and provides visibility over control self-assessments and testing. 
 Accounts Receivable Automation 
 Cash is vital to every business, and accounts receivable automation is central to improving cash flow. Managing accounts receivable well means maximizing working capital by collecting cash and minimizing credit losses. This critical process is often highly manual. Our unified suite of Accounts Receivable Automation solutions AR Solutions, helps customers collect cash, provide credit, and better understand cash flow. 
 BlackLine Cash Application transforms the order-to-cash cycle by significantly reducing the time it takes to apply cash receipts to open invoices, resulting in significant reductions in unapplied cash. BlackLine Cash Application drives an automated and effective end-to-end process from an invoice to cash in the bank and fully applied in the subledger. It uses intelligent automation to help customers accurately apply payments to customers invoices in an ERP. Embedded machine learning then reduces the manual effort involved in the process and releases working capital for our customers. 
 Credit Risk Management brings customer and payment behavior data together to enable optimal risk strategies and real-time risk profiling. Managing the balance between sales and risk of non-payment is critical to profitability. Credit Risk Management brings together data from numerous sources, such as credit reference agencies, credit insurers, and payment performance to understand historical indebtedness and behavior trends of the companies with whom our customers work. This solution works in tandem with our Collections Management solution to help organizations better understand their customer base and make informed decisions around collection strategies, recovery sequences, and the prioritization of team tasks. 
 Collections Management helps customers design collection strategies to fit each of their customer s sales ledger profile. Releasing cash from customers is the fastest way to increase working capital. Collections Management streamlines the collections process and unlocks more cash from companies with automated escalating recovery sequences that enable collections teams to better prioritize their work by understanding which customers require attention. Customers gain real-time clarity into what actions and collection strategies are working at each stage of the collection process and can use this information to collect payments more efficiently, leading to reduced days sales outstanding and improved customer relationships. 
 Disputes Deductions helps our customers track payment disputes to drive prompt response and resolution. Unresolved disputes lead to uncollected revenue and can threaten profitability. Disputes 
 7 

Deductions logs, monitors, and analyzes invoice disputes and provides our customers automated workflows to accelerate dispute resolution and protect their customer relationships. 
 Team Task Management automates accounts receivable teams tasks while ensuring timely execution by using data to drive priority of actions. The historically manual work behind accounts receivable processes can lead to siloed work and a lack of end-to-end visibility. Team Task Management provides full visibility into the accounts receivable process, monitors critical actions against the volume of work, and allocates resources based on team capacity to prioritize risk management and cash collection. 
 AR Intelligence automatically processes, analyzes, and surfaces critical information such as sales and payment performance data, customer payment trends, and days sales outstanding. This solution unifies the data across BlackLine s AR Solutions suite to provide data typically difficult to obtain in real time. Customers using this solution gain insights into customer behavior, as well as the ability to measure the impact of extended payment terms to cash collections and cash flow, and understand the predictability of customer payments when building cash flow forecasts. 
 Intercompany Accounting 
 Intercompany transactions occur when entities within a corporate parent organization transact with each other. These transactions are some of the most complex and frequent sources of uncertainty and process inefficiency for the accounting function. It is a manual, time-consuming, and resource-intensive process that can have material impacts on costs if not managed properly. Our intercompany solutions manage the entire intercompany transaction lifecycle within our platform, from the initial creation of a transaction through the settlement. We believe it is the only widely available automated end-to-end intercompany solution maintained in a single platform. This solution includes the following features: 
 Intercompany Create Functionality replaces informal, ad hoc intercompany requests and approvals with a simple process that uses billing routes to facilitate the flow of a transaction and the appropriate tax and transfer pricing mark-ups. The application stores permissions and business logic exceptions by entity, service, and transaction type, ensuring that both the seller and the buyer of the intercompany transaction are authorized to conduct business, while billing in a manner that optimizes process efficiency and minimizes tax leakage. 
 Intercompany Processing records an organization s intercompany transactions once they reach an appropriate completion level and posts them to the appropriate systems from a single source. The product automatically incorporates local taxes, exchange rates, invoicing requirements, and customer-specific transfer pricing for the nature of the services being billed, so that the resulting journal entries will net, which reduces the possibility of intercompany differences and eliminates the need to perform a manual reconciliation, while providing accurate reporting to business partners and auditors. 
 Netting and Settlement automatically generates a real-time, aggregated settlement matrix, which shows the balance of transactions across an entire organization and uses bilateral netting to reduce the number of transactions that typically incur bank fees. Users can filter the information by transaction type, hold type, currency or business relationship. This feature facilitates the process of netting transactions and helps users make informed, strategic decisions, while managing cash reporting and forecasting. 
 Services 
 Customer service is essential to our success. We offer the following services for our customers: 
 Implementation - With a focus on configuration over customization, our implementation approach favors rapid and efficient deployments led by accounting experts, rather than technical resources. A typical project will focus on mapping our application to a customer s current or ideal process, coaching them on best practices, and helping organizations become self-sufficient, instead of dependent on additional professional services. For clients that elect to work with a business process outsourcer or other company for implementation services, our implementation team provides ongoing support in order to ensure that the implementation or finance transformation projects are completed successfully. 
 Support - We provide live customer support 24/7/365 from our offices in California, Sydney and London. All customers have access to support resources by phone, email or through our portal, free of charge. 
 Customer Success - Our customer success managers, many of whom are former users, provide customers with best practices and help create a roadmap for expanded usage of our solutions. We 
 8 

believe that this service, which is made available to all customers, is central to our retention and upsell efforts. 
 Training - We offer a variety of live and web-based training options, but most customers elect to consume their training through our e-learning environment, BlackLine U. Courses cover solutions functionality, as well as the underlying concepts that make reconciliation, the financial close and other accounting and finance activities necessary. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our solutions through our direct sales force. Our direct sales force leverages our relationships with technology vendors such as SAP and Microsoft Dynamics, professional services firms such as Deloitte and Ernst Young and business process outsourcers such as Cognizant, Genpact and IBM, to influence and drive customer growth. Since 2018, we have partnered with SAP, incorporating them into the reseller channel that we use in the ordinary course of business. SAP has the ability to resell our solutions, as an SAP solution-extension SolEx ), for which we receive a percentage of the revenues. Solex allows us to provide the highest level integration with SAP ERP solutions. 
 Our marketing efforts are focused on creating sales leads, establishing and extending our brand proposition, generating product awareness, and cultivating our community of users. We generate sales leads primarily through word-of-mouth, search engine marketing, outbound lead generation, and our network of business process outsourcers, business services organizations and resellers. We leverage online and offline marketing channels on a global basis and organize customer roundtables and user conferences and release white papers, case studies, blogs, and digital programs and seminars to promote our innovative and comprehensive offerings. We have further extended our brand awareness through sponsorships with leading industry organizations such as the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or AICPA, the Institute of Management Accountants, or IMA, the Financial Executives International, or FEI, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, or ICAEW, and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, or ACCA. 
 Competition 
 The market for accounting and financial software and services is competitive, rapidly evolving and requires a deep understanding of the industry standards, accounting rules and global financial regulations. 
 We compete with vendors of financial automation software and with certain ERP software. Further, other established software vendors not currently focused on accounting and finance software and services, including some of our partners, resellers, and other parties with which we have relationships, may expand their services to compete with us. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 
 level of customer satisfaction; 
 ease of deployment and use of applications; 
 ability to integrate with multiple legacy enterprise infrastructures and third-party applications; 
 domain expertise on accounting best practices; 
 ability to innovate and respond to customer needs rapidly; 
 capability for configurability, integration and scalability of applications; 
 cloud-based delivery model; 
 advanced security and reliability features; 
 brand recognition and historical operating performance; and 
 price and total cost of ownership. 
 We believe we are positioned favorably against our competitors based on these factors. However, certain of our competitors may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer and marketing relationships, larger marketing budgets, and significantly greater resources. 
 Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights 
 Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to our business. We currently have two patents. We primarily rely on copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection, and confidentiality or 
 9 

license agreements with our employees, customers, partners, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our solutions are larger contributors to our success in the marketplace. 
 Despite our efforts to preserve and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, unauthorized third parties may attempt to copy, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain portions of our software. Competitors may attempt to develop similar products that could compete in the same market as our products. Unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information by our employees or third parties could occur. Laws of other jurisdictions may not protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights from unauthorized use or disclosure in the same manner as the United States. The risk of unauthorized use of our proprietary and intellectual property rights may increase as our company continues to expand outside of the United States. 
 Third-party infringement claims are also possible in our industry, especially as software functionality and features expand, evolve and overlap with other industry segments. 
 Human Capital 
 BlackLine's approximately 1,814 employees worldwide contribute their unique talents, experience and backgrounds to help our customers move to modern accounting. We are committed to driving a culture of inclusion and innovation through our programs designed to attract, develop, retain, and engage exceptional talent as part of our Think, Create, Serve ethos. 
 Through a focus on diversity, equity and inclusion, health and safety, comprehensive compensation and benefits, employee engagement, and training and development, we strive to cultivate a culture where employees can bring their authentic selves and do their best work in our award-winning workplace, named to Newsweek's List of the "Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces for 2022" and recipient of TrustRadius' 2022 Tech Cares Award. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Our programs are designed to attract, develop, retain, and engage exceptional talent, and we continue to support this with a company-wide objective to strengthen our culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Programs that advance our strategy include reducing unconscious bias in the workplace, our increasing focus on recruitment in underrepresented communities, and supporting a diverse workforce. We continue to support our Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"), which are open to all employees and support our diversity, equity, and inclusion goals. Our member-led ERGs support and foster connections among underrepresented groups, including women, people of color, LGBTQ+, and military veterans. 
 Health and Safety 
 BlackLine is committed to supporting the well-being of its employees around the world and has continued to take a proactive and supportive approach to helping our employees remain healthy and productive through the COVID-19 pandemic, including supporting our employees ability to work from home and implementing COVID-19 safety protocols to protect employee health and safety. We have continued to offer employee well-being initiatives, including physical and mental health programs, a global employee assistance program, and work-from-home reimbursements. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 BlackLine strives to maintain a pay for performance compensation program that is competitive and appropriately balanced to attract, motivate, reward, and retain our talent. We benchmark and set compensation based on our compensation philosophy, and market data, as well as each employee s role, experience, location, and performance. We also review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to ensure our pay practices are fair and equitable. In addition to competitive compensation, we offer our employees a wide range of benefits such as comprehensive healthcare and wellness, competitive retirement benefits, time off, and recognition opportunities. 
 Employee Engagement 
 BlackLine regularly seeks input from employees through various methods, including through broad employee engagement and pulse surveys, which assess our degree of success in promoting an environment where employees are engaged, satisfied, productive, and possess a strong understanding of our business goals. In 2022, we conducted our annual engagement survey with 81 of global employees participating. BlackLine s engagement score is in line with industry benchmarks and our top scores were related to the company's future, manager satisfaction, and diversity initiatives. We recognize the correlation between employee engagement and productivity 
 10 

and retention, and our leaders at all levels continue to implement changes recommended by our employees to reinforce and promote employee engagement. 
 Training and Development 
 We continually invest in our employees career growth and provide employees with a wide range of development opportunities, self-directed learning, and support for continuing education through professional development and reimbursement programs. In 2022, we advanced our career path framework and introduced a global individual development program. BlackLine employees are also offered training related to BlackLine products, and technical, leadership, and communications training. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in May 2001. Our principal executive offices are located at 21300 Victory Blvd., 12th Floor, Woodland Hills, California 91367, and our telephone number is (818) 223-9008. 
 The names BlackLine, BlackLine Systems, BlackLine Cash Application, and our logo are our trademarks. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains trademarks and trade names of other businesses that are the property of their respective holders. We have omitted the and designations, as applicable, for the trademarks we name in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our website is located at www.blackline.com, and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.blackline.com. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risk and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs, our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our Company, as fully described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our Company risky include, among others: 
 If we are unable to attract new customers and expand sales to existing customers, our growth could be slower than we expect and our business may be harmed. 
 Our business and growth depend substantially on customers renewing their subscription agreements with us, and any decline in our customer renewals could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Current and future economic uncertainty and other unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. 
 We have a history of losses and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 We continue to experience rapid growth and organizational change and if we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan. 
 11 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. 
 If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, new features or modifications to our software solutions, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from a limited number of software solutions, and our growth is dependent on their success. 
 If our relationships with technology vendors and business process outsourcers are not successful, our business and growth may be harmed. 
 If our security controls are breached or if unauthorized, or inadvertent access to customer, employee or other confidential data is otherwise obtained, our software solutions may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing customers or fail to attract new customers, our business may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our software solutions, platform and technology may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If our software contains serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance and may incur costs to defend or settle product liability claims. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is having a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of certain of our customers and industries that we serve, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 If we are unable to attract new customers and expand sales to existing customers, our growth could be slower than we expect and our business may be harmed. 
 Our growth depends in part upon increasing our customer base. Our ability to achieve significant growth in revenues will depend, in large part, upon the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, both domestically and internationally. We may have difficulty attracting potential customers that rely on tools such as Excel, or that have already invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate on-premise or other software into their businesses, as such organizations may be reluctant or unwilling to invest in a new product. If we fail to attract new customers or maintain and expand those customer relationships, our revenues will grow more slowly than expected and our business will be harmed. 
 Our growth also depends upon our ability to add users and sell additional products to our existing customers. It is important for the growth of our business that our existing customers make additional significant purchases of our products and add additional users to our platform. Although our customers, users, and revenue have grown rapidly in the past, in recent periods our slower growth rates have reflected the size and scale of our business, as well as our focus on our strategic products. We cannot be assured that we will achieve similar growth rates in future periods as our customers, users, and revenue could decline or grow more slowly than we expect. Our business also depends on retaining existing customers. If we do not retain customers, including due to the acquisition of our customers by other companies, or our customers do not purchase additional products or we do not add additional users to our platform, our revenues may grow more slowly than expected, may not grow at all or may decline. Additionally, increasing incremental sales to our current customer base may require additional sales efforts that are targeted at senior management, which efforts are often associated with complex customer requirements and additional time to evaluate and test our products, and can lead to long and unpredictable sales cycles, particularly in the current macroeconomic environment. There can be no assurance that our efforts will result in increased sales to existing customers or additional revenues. 
 Our sales and marketing efforts may be impacted by geopolitical developments and other events beyond our control, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, market price volatility, and macroeconomic trends. Such events can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally, which has resulted in increased price sensitivity on the part of certain current and prospective customers, and could negatively impact sales for certain of our premium priced offerings. In addition, effects of the pandemic such as the ongoing supply chain disruption and labor shortages have adversely affected us, our customers, and our vendors. In response to COVID-19, we initially 
 12 

shifted our customer events to virtual-only experiences and we continue to adjust our practices and policies to respond to evolving restrictions and recommendations in the jurisdictions where we conduct business, including a partial return to in-person customer events. Such adjustments in our practices and policies may not align with customer demand, and we may incur additional costs associated with in-person events or other practices, which may increase our expenses without a corresponding increase in revenue or other benefits. While COVID-19 related restrictions have eased in many locations, evolving and uncertain conditions caused by the pandemic could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to attend our events, purchase new or additional products or services, or delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, or reduce the value or duration of their subscription agreements, all of which could adversely affect our growth. 
 Our business and growth depend substantially on customers renewing their subscription agreements with us and any decline in our customer renewals could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our initial subscription period for the majority of our customers is one to three years. In order for us to continue to increase our revenue, it is important that our existing customers renew their subscription agreements when the contract term expires. Although our agreements typically include automatic renewal language, our customers may cancel their agreements at the expiration of the term. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer users, renew for shorter contract lengths or renew for fewer products or solutions. Renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, including satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our software or professional services, our pricing or pricing structure, the pricing or capabilities of products or services offered by our competitors, the effects of economic conditions, or reductions in our customers spending levels. For example, macroeconomic trends and the economic effects of COVID-19 have impacted and may continue to impact our renewal rate. Any prolonged shutdown of a significant portion of global economic activity or a downturn in the global economy would adversely affect the industries in which our customers operate, which could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to renew their subscription agreements or could cause our customers to downgrade the terms of their subscription agreements. 
 Further, as the markets for our existing solutions mature, or as current and future competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and be unable to renew our agreements with existing customers or attract new customers at prices that are profitable to us. If this were to occur, it is possible that we would have to change our pricing model, offer price incentives or reduce our prices. If our customers do not renew their agreements with us or renew on terms less favorable to us, our revenues may decline. 
 Current and future economic uncertainty and other unfavorable conditions in our industry or the glob a l economy could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our operating results may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers. General macroeconomic conditions, such as a recession or rising inflation rates or an economic downturn in the United States or internationally, could adversely affect demand for our products and make it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic downturn. To the extent unfavorable conditions in the national and global economy persist, or worsen, our business could be harmed as current and potential customers may reduce or postpone spending or choose not to purchase or renew subscriptions to our products, which they may consider discretionary. For example, as a result of uncertainty around general macroeconomic conditions, customers have begun to delay and defer purchasing decisions, which has resulted in the deterioration of near-term demand. In addition, certain of our customers have exhibited more price sensitivity, which may impact our sales, and in particular, sales of our premium priced products. The revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for business software applications and services generally, and for accounting and finance systems in particular. Services may decrease as new implementation projects are delayed. Weakening economic conditions, and related corporate cost-cutting and tighter budgets, could affect the rate of accounting and finance and information technology spending and adversely affect our current or potential customers ability or willingness to purchase our cloud platform, as well as further delay purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect attrition rates, all of which would adversely affect our operating results. Prolonged economic uncertainties relating to macroeconomic trends or COVID-19 could limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. Unfavorable trends in the national or global economy, such as rising interest rates and conditions resulting from financial and credit market fluctuations may cause our customers and prospective customers to decrease their accounting and finance and information technology budgets, which would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. The occurrence of a natural disaster or global public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic or geopolitical uncertainty or war, could cause, and has caused customers to request concessions, including extended payment terms, free modules or better pricing. 
 13 

In addition, our customers may be affected by changes in trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs, as well as geopolitical volatility. Trade protection measures, retaliatory actions, tariffs and increased barriers, policies favoring domestic industries, or increased import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, such as trade sanctions against Russia in response to the war in Ukraine, could have a negative effect on the overall macro economy and our customers, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results. The aftermath of Brexit also continues to cause significant political and economic uncertainty in both the UK and the European Union ("EU"). As a result, the level of economic activity generally in this region could be adversely impacted, negatively affecting customer demand for our products and our operating results. 
 Uncertain economic conditions may also adversely affect third parties with which we have entered into relationships and upon which we depend in order to grow our business, such as technology vendors and public cloud providers. As a result, we may be unable to continue to grow in the event of prolonged economic uncertainty or future economic slowdowns. See Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties. 
 We continue to experience rapid growth and organizational change and if we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan. 
 We continue to experience growth in our customer base and operations. Our growth has placed, and may continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other resources, particularly as we focus on cost discipline and efficiency. We anticipate that additional investments in our infrastructure will be necessary to support the growth of our operations both domestically and internationally. These additional investments will increase our costs, with no assurance that our business or revenue will grow sufficiently to cover these additional costs. Labor shortages and increased employee mobility may make it more difficult to hire and retain a sufficient number of employees to support our growth. For example, labor shortages have created even greater competition for engineering talent, and we have had to expend additional resources to respond to attrition and to hire and retain new engineers. Additionally, due to COVID-19, our workforce continues to be primarily remote, and we expect that our workplace will be fully or partially remote for the near term. We may experience difficulties onboarding new employees remotely, and maintaining a global organization and managing a geographically dispersed workforce requires substantial management effort, the allocation of valuable management resources, and significant additional investment in our infrastructure. We may be unable to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting procedures to effectively manage our operations and growth, which could negatively affect our results of operations and overall business. In addition, we may be unable to manage our expenses effectively in the future, which may negatively impact our gross margins or operating expenses and cause us to realign resources in order to improve operational efficiency, which may include a slowdown in hiring or reduction in force, such as the reduction in force announced in the fourth quarter of 2022. Moreover, if we fail to manage our anticipated growth or any realignment of resources, such as a restructuring or reduction in force, in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, employee morale, productivity and the quality of our software solutions may suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and reputation and harm our ability to retain and attract customers. 
 If we are not able to provide successful enhancements, new features or modifications to our software solutions, our business could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to provide enhancements and new features for our existing solutions or new solutions that achieve market acceptance or that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business could be adversely affected. The success of enhancements, new products and solutions depends on several factors, including timely completion, introduction and market acceptance. We must continue to meet changing expectations and requirements of our customers and, because our platform is designed to operate on a variety of systems, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our solutions to keep pace with changes in internet-related hardware and other software, communication, browser and database technologies. Our platform is also designed to integrate with existing ERP systems such as Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle, and SAP, and will require modifications and enhancements as these systems change over time. Any failure of our solutions to operate effectively with future platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our solutions or result in customer dissatisfaction. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new solutions or technologies, or modifications to existing solutions or technologies, could increase our research and development expenses. If we are not successful in developing modifications and enhancements to our solutions or if we fail to bring them to market in a timely fashion, our solutions may become less marketable, less competitive or obsolete, our revenue growth may be significantly impaired and our business could be adversely affected. 
 We derive substantially all of our revenues from a limited number of software solutions, and our growth is dependent on their success. 
 We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Close Process Management solution, and expect to continue to derive a majority of our revenues from our Close Process Management solution. As a result, 
 14 

the continued growth in market demand for this solution is critical to our continued success. We cannot be certain that any new software solutions or products we introduce will generate significant revenues. Accordingly, our business and financial results have been and will be substantially dependent on a limited number of solutions. 
 If our security controls are breached or unauthorized, or inadvertent access to customer, employee or other confidential data is otherwise obtained, our software solutions may be perceived as insecure, we may lose existing customers or fail to attract new customers, our business may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Use of our platform involves the storage, transmission and processing of our customers proprietary data, including highly confidential financial information regarding their business and personal or identifying information of their customers or employees. Additionally, we maintain our own proprietary, confidential and otherwise sensitive information. Our platform is at risk for security breaches and incidents as a result of third-party action, employee, vendor or contractor error, malfeasance, ransomware and other malicious software, or other factors. The risk of a cybersecurity incident occurring has increased as more companies and individuals work remotely, potentially exposing us to new, complex threats. Additionally, due to political uncertainty and military actions associated with the war in Ukraine, we and our service providers are vulnerable to heightened risks of cybersecurity incidents and security and privacy breaches from or affiliated with nation-state actors. If any unauthorized or inadvertent access to, or a security breach or incident impacting our platform or other systems or networks used in our business occurs, such event could result in the loss, alteration, or unavailability of data, unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of data, and any such event, or the belief or perception that it has occurred, could result in a loss of business, severe reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence, regulatory investigations and orders, litigation, indemnity obligations, and damages for contract breach or penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations. Additionally, service providers who store or otherwise process data on our behalf, including third party and public-cloud infrastructure, also face security risks. As we rely more on third-party and public-cloud infrastructure, such as Google Cloud Platform, and other third-party service providers, we will become more dependent on third-party security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks and the mishandling of customer, employee and other confidential data and we may be required to expend significant time and resources to address any incidents related to the failure of those third-party security measures. Our ability to monitor our third-party service providers' data security is limited, and in any event, attackers may be able to circumvent our third-party service providers' data security measures. There have been and may continue to be significant attacks on certain third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers' systems and networks have not been breached or otherwise compromised, or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our platform. We may also suffer breaches of, or incidents impacting, our internal systems. Security breaches or incidents impacting our platform or our internal systems could also result in significant costs incurred in order to remediate or otherwise respond to a breach or incident, which may include liability for stolen assets or information and repair of system damage that may have been caused, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships after a breach, and other costs, expenses and liabilities. We may be required to or find it appropriate to expend substantial capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by any actual or perceived security breaches or incidents. 
 Additionally, many jurisdictions have enacted or may enact laws and regulations requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. These or other disclosures regarding a security breach or incident could result in negative publicity to us, which may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures which could impact our operating results. 
 We incur significant expenses to minimize the risk of security breaches, including deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees annually, and engaging third-party experts and contractors. We continually increase our investments in cybersecurity to counter emerging risks and threats. If a high profile security breach or incident occurs with respect to another Software as a Service SaaS provider or other technology companies, our current and potential customers may lose trust in the security of our platform or in the SaaS business model generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. Such a breach or incident, or series of breaches or incidents, could also result in regulatory or contractual security requirements that could make compliance challenging. Even in the absence of any security breach or incident, customer concerns about privacy, security, or data protection may deter them from using our platform for activities that involve personal or other sensitive information. 
 Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently, and often are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches and incidents that may remain undetected for an extended period of time. Periodically, we experience cyber security events including phishing attacks targeting our employees, web application and infrastructure attacks and other information 
 15 

technology incidents that are typical for a SaaS company of our size. These threats continue to evolve in sophistication and volume and are difficult to detect and predict due to advances in electronic warfare techniques, new discoveries in the field of cryptography and new and sophisticated methods used by criminals including phishing, social engineering or other illicit acts. We may experience security breaches and incidents introduced through the tools and services we use. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we became aware of reports that an update to widely-used IT infrastructure management software provided by one of our vendors, SolarWinds Corporation, had been compromised by attackers. We have evaluated our internal systems and networks for vulnerable versions of the affected software, and we have detected no indicators of compromise. While we believe we were not negatively affected by this incident, we have invested time and resources to evaluate and protect our environment from potential supply chain risks, and we continue to monitor our infrastructure, adjust our intrusion detection capabilities, and practice security-by-design principles in our software development lifecycle to help prevent third-party related incidents. However, there can be no assurance that our defensive measures will prevent cyber-attacks or other security breaches or incidents, and any such attacks, breaches or incidents could damage our brand and reputation and negatively impact our business. 
 Because data security is a critical competitive factor in our industry, we make numerous statements in our privacy policy and customer agreements, through our certifications to standards and in our marketing materials, providing assurances about the security of our platform including detailed descriptions of security measures we employ. Should any of these statements be untrue, be perceived to be untrue, or become untrue, even through circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we may face claims of misrepresentation or deceptiveness by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, state and foreign regulators and private litigants. Our errors and omissions insurance policies covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses may not be sufficient to compensate for all potential liability. Although we maintain cyber liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our software solutions, platform and technology may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our current and potential customers to access our platform at any time. Our platform is proprietary, and we rely on the expertise of members of our engineering, operations and software development teams for its continued performance. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our platform simultaneously, denial of service attacks or other security related incidents. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. Because of the seasonal nature of financial close activities, increasing complexity of our platform and expanding user population, it may become difficult to accurately predict and timely address performance and capacity needs during peak load times. If our platform is unavailable or if our users are unable to access it within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business will be harmed. In addition, our infrastructure does not currently include the real-time mirroring of data. Therefore, in the event of any of the factors described above, or other failures of our infrastructure, customer data may be permanently lost. Our customer agreements typically include performance guarantees and service level standards that obligate us to provide credits in the event of a significant disruption in our platform. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 If our software contains serious errors or defects, we may lose revenue and market acceptance and may incur costs to defend or settle product liability claims. 
 Complex software such as ours often contains errors or defects, particularly when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Despite internal and third-party testing and testing by our customers, our current and future software may contain serious defects, which could result in lost revenue or a delay in market acceptance. 
 Since our customers use our platform for critical business functions such as assisting in the financial close or account reconciliation process, errors, defects or other performance problems could result in damage to our customers. They could seek significant compensation from us for the losses they suffer. Although our customer agreements typically contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to product liability claims, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitations. Even if not successful, a product liability claim brought against us would likely be time-consuming and costly and could seriously damage our reputation in the marketplace, making it harder for us to sell our products. 
 16 

We depend on our executive officers and other key employees and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly-skilled employees could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. We rely on our leadership team, many of whom are new, in the areas of research and development, operations, security, marketing, sales and general and administrative functions. Changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives could disrupt our business, and could impact our ability to preserve our culture, which could negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. Any such departure could be particularly disruptive in light of the recent leadership transition and to the extent we experience management turnover, competition for top management is high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our requirements. Accordingly, the loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly-qualified personnel. Competition for personnel is intense, especially for engineers experienced in designing and developing software applications, and experienced sales professionals. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and this difficulty may be heightened by labor shortages, higher employee turnover and slower hiring rates associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and hybrid or remote work. In addition, we may need to increase our employee compensation levels in response to competition, rising inflation or labor shortages, which would increase our operating costs and reduce our profitability. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. Likewise, if competitors hire our employees, we may divert time and resources to deter any breach by our former employees or their new employers of their respective legal obligations. Given the competitive nature of our industry, we have both received and asserted such claims in the past. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, due to volatile market conditions, stock price fluctuations or otherwise, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly-skilled employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 If our industry does not continue to develop as we anticipate or if potential customers do not continue to adopt our platform, our sales will not grow as quickly as expected, or at all, and our business and operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We operate in a rapidly evolving industry focused on modernizing financial and accounting operations. Our solutions are relatively new and have been developed to respond to an increasingly global and complex business environment with more rigorous regulatory standards. If organizations do not increasingly allocate their budgets to financial automation software as we expect or if we do not succeed in convincing potential customers that our platform should be an integral part of their overall approach to their accounting processes, our sales may not grow as quickly as anticipated, or at all. Our business is substantially dependent on enterprises recognizing that accounting errors and inefficiencies are pervasive and are not effectively addressed by legacy solutions. COVID-19 has adversely affected economies and financial markets globally, with many businesses cutting spending on information technology deemed nonessential. During the past twelve months, we have seen certain new and existing customers halt or decrease investment in infrastructure, which has negatively impacted our business, operating results, and financial condition. Future deterioration in general economic conditions, including as a result of COVID-19 or the war in Ukraine, or a slow economic recovery, may also cause our customers to reduce their overall information technology spending, and such reductions may disproportionately affect software solutions like ours to the extent customers view our solutions as discretionary. If our revenue does not increase for any of these reasons, or any other reason, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 
 The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The market for accounting and financial software and services is highly competitive and rapidly evolving. Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products and services they offer. We often compete with other vendors of financial automation software, and we also compete with large, well-established, enterprise application software vendors whose software contains components that compete with our platform. In the future, a competitor offering ERP software could include a free service similar to ours as part of its standard offerings or may offer a free standalone version of a service similar to ours. Further, other established software vendors not currently 
 17 

focused on accounting and finance software and services, including some of our partners, resellers, and other parties with which we have relationships, may expand their services to compete with us. 
 Our competitors may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer and marketing relationships, larger marketing budgets and significantly greater resources than we do. They may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or customer requirements. In addition, some of our competitors have partnered with, or have acquired, and may in the future partner with or acquire, other competitors to offer services, leveraging their collective competitive positions, which makes, or would make, it more difficult to compete with them. 
 With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our platform and new market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. Increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses or the failure of our platform to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business. 
 Failure to effectively organize or expand our sales resources could harm our ability to increase our customer base. 
 Increasing our customer base and sales will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to effectively organize and expand our sales and marketing operations and activities. As we have grown and scaled our operations, we have aligned our sales team to help streamline the customer experience. We rely on our direct sales force, which includes an account management team, to obtain new customers and to maximize the lifetime value of our customer relationships through retention and upsell efforts. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to support new and existing customer growth and maintain customer satisfaction. Due to COVID-19, our sales and marketing teams generally avoided in-person meetings and have been primarily engaging with customers online and through other communication channels, including virtual meetings. There is no guarantee that our sales and marketing teams will be as successful or effective using these other communication channels as they try to build relationships. If we cannot provide our teams with the tools and training to enable them to do their jobs efficiently and satisfy customer demands, we may not be able to achieve anticipated revenue growth as quickly as expected. Moreover, some industries particularly impacted by COVID-19, such as travel, hospitality, retail, and oil and gas significantly cut or eliminated capital expenditures for a period of time, which has negatively impacted our ability to grow our customer base in certain industries. 
 In addition, we plan to continue to expand our direct sales force both domestically and internationally. We believe that there is significant competition for experienced sales professionals with the sales skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in part, on our success in recruiting, training, and retaining a sufficient number of experienced sales professionals. New hires require significant training and time before they achieve full productivity, particularly in new sales segments and territories. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business. Our business will be harmed if our sales expansion efforts do not generate a significant increase in revenue. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of certain of our customers and industries that we serve, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 COVID-19 has disrupted the operations of our customers and partners, and may continue to disrupt their operations for an indefinite period of time, including as a result of supply chain constraints and uncertainty in the financial markets, all of which could negatively impact our business and operating results, including sales and cash flows. For example, COVID-19 has adversely affected economies and financial markets globally, which has led to volatile financial markets and reduced technology budgets for some of our customers, which has adversely affected our sales and sales cycles. To the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic leads to an extended economic downturn, any resulting decrease in technology spending or increase in price sensitivity could adversely affect demand for our offerings and harm our business and operating results. It is not possible at this time to estimate the full extent of the impact of COVID-19 and related economic disruptions on our business, as the impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation for accounting and finance software is critical to our relationships with our existing customers and to our ability to attract new customers. The successful promotion of our brand attributes will depend on a number of factors, including our marketing efforts, our ability to continue to develop high-quality software, and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform from competitive products and services. Our brand promotion activities may not ultimately be successful or yield increased revenue. In addition, 
 18 

independent industry analysts provide reviews of our platform, as well as products and services offered by our competitors, and perception of our platform in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews. If these reviews are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors products and services, our brand may be adversely affected. 
 The promotion of our brand requires us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that the expenditures will increase as our market becomes more competitive, as we expand into new markets and as more sales are generated. To the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, this revenue may not offset the increased expenses we incur. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, our business may not grow, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors, and we could lose customers or fail to attract potential customers, all of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully, or achieve the expected benefits of these transactions and other strategic transactions. 
 We regularly evaluate and consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products, and other assets. For example, most recently we completed the FourQ Acquisition. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our products and services, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distributions or discount pricing. 
 Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult, and expensive, and our ability to complete these transactions may be subject to approvals that are beyond our control. Consequently, these transactions, even if announced, may not be completed. In connection with a strategic transaction, we may: 
 issue additional equity or convertible debt securities that would dilute our existing stockholders; 
 use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; 
 incur large charges or substantial liabilities; 
 incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay; or 
 become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, and amortization, or deferred compensation charges. 
 Any future acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, their software is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management or otherwise. Acquisitions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment, or business relationship may not be realized or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities, which may lead to additional expenses, impairment charges or write-offs, restructuring charges, or other adverse impacts to our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our solutions could result in customer dissatisfaction and negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. 
 Our platform is deployed in a wide variety of technology environments and into a broad range of complex workflows. Our platform has been integrated into large-scale, enterprise-wide technology environments, and specialized use cases, and our success depends on our ability to implement our platform successfully in these environments. We often assist our customers in implementing our platform, but many customers attempt to implement even complex deployments themselves or use a third-party service firm. If we or our customers are unable to implement our platform successfully, or are unable to do so in a timely manner, customer perceptions of our platform and company may be impaired, our reputation and brand may suffer, and customers may choose not to renew or expand the use of our platform. 
 Our customers and third-party resellers may need training in the proper use of our platform to maximize its potential. If our platform is not implemented or used correctly or as intended, including if customers input incorrect or incomplete financial data into our platform, inadequate performance may result. Because our customers rely on our platform to manage their financial close and other financial tasks, the incorrect or improper implementation or use of our platform, our failure to train customers on how to use our platform efficiently and effectively, or our failure to provide adequate product support to our customers, may result in negative publicity or legal claims against us. Also, as we continue to expand our customer base, any failure by us to properly provide these services will likely result in lost opportunities for additional subscriptions to our platform. 
 19 

Any failure to offer high-quality product support may adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our financial results. 
 In deploying and using our solutions, our customers depend on our support services team to resolve complex technical and operational issues. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for product support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope and delivery of our product support to compete with changes in product support services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for product support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. Our sales are highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality product support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality product support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our solutions to existing and prospective customers, our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We provide service level commitments under our customer contracts, and if we fail to meet these contractual commitments, our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 Our customer agreements typically provide service level commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments or suffer extended periods of unavailability for our applications, we may be contractually obligated to provide these customers with service credits, refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services, or we could face contract terminations. Our revenues could be significantly affected if we suffer unscheduled downtime that exceeds the allowed downtimes under our agreements with our customers. Any extended service outages could adversely affect our reputation, revenues and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Performance or Results 
 We have a history of losses and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 We have incurred net losses attributable to BlackLine, Inc. in recent periods, including 29.4 million, 115.2 million, and 46.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit of 273.0 million at December 31, 2022. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain profitability. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods as we continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 
 development of our cloud-based platform, including investments in research and development, product innovation to expand the features and functionality of our software solutions and improvements to the scalability and security of our platform; 
 sales and marketing, including expansion of our direct sales force and our relationships with technology vendors, professional services firms, business process outsourcers and resellers; 
 additional international expansion in an effort to increase our customer base and sales; and 
 general administration, including legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company. 
 These investments may not result in increased revenue or growth of our business or any growth in revenue and may not be sufficient to offset the expense and may harm our profitability. If we fail to continue to grow our revenue, we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. 
 Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If our quarterly financial results fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who may follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Some of the important factors that may cause our revenue, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 
 our ability to attract new customers and retain and increase sales to existing customers; 
 the number of new employees added; 
 the rate of expansion and productivity of our sales force; 
 long sales cycles and the timing of large contracts; 
 changes in our or our competitors pricing policies; 
 20 

the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business; 
 new products, features or functionalities introduced by us and our competitors; 
 significant security breaches, technical difficulties or interruptions to our platform; 
 the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers; 
 general economic conditions that may adversely affect either our customers ability or willingness to purchase additional products or services, delay a prospective customer s purchasing decision or affect customer retention, including the economic effects of COVID-19, inflation, increased interest rates or the war in Ukraine; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 the impact of new accounting pronouncements; 
 the impact and timing of taxes or changes in tax law; 
 the timing and the amount of grants or vesting of equity awards to employees; 
 seasonality of our business; and 
 changes in customer buying patterns. 
 Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our revenue, operating results, and cash flows to vary widely. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 
 We typically add fewer customers in the first quarter of the year than other quarters. We also experience a higher volume of sales at the end of each quarter and year, which is often the result of buying decisions by our customers. Seasonality may be reflected to a much lesser extent, and sometimes may not be immediately apparent, in our revenue, due to the fact that we recognize subscription revenue over the term of our agreements. We may also increase expenses in a period in anticipation of future revenues. Changes in the number of customers and users in different periods will cause fluctuations in our financial metrics and, to a lesser extent, revenues. Those changes and fluctuations in our expenses will affect our results on a quarterly basis, and will make forecasting our operating results and financial metrics difficult. 
 Our financial results may fluctuate due to our long and increasingly variable sales cycle. 
 Our sales cycle generally varies in duration between four to nine months and, in some cases, even longer depending on the size of the potential customer, the size of the potential contract and the type of solution or product being purchased. The sales cycle for our global enterprise customers is generally longer than that of our mid-market customers. In addition, the length of the sales cycle tends to increase for larger contracts and for more complex, strategic products like Intercompany Financial Management. As we continue to focus on increasing our average contract size and selling more strategic products, we expect our sales cycle to lengthen and become less predictable. This could cause variability in our operating results for any particular period. 
 A number of other factors that may influence the length and variability of our sales cycle include: 
 the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our software solutions; 
 the need to educate potential customers on the differences between traditional, on-premise software and SaaS solutions; 
 the relatively long duration of the commitment customers make in their agreements with us; 
 the discretionary nature and timing of potential customers purchasing and budget cycles and decisions; 
 the competitive nature of potential customers evaluation and purchasing processes; 
 announcements or planned introductions of new products by us or our competitors; and 
 lengthy purchasing approval processes of potential customers, including due to increased scrutiny of spending. 
 We may incur higher costs and longer sales cycles as a result of large enterprises representing an increased portion of our revenue. In this market, the decision to subscribe to our solutions may require the approval of more technical and information security personnel and management levels within a potential customer s organization, and if so, these types of sales require us to invest more time educating these potential customers. In addition, larger 
 21 

organizations may demand more features and integration services and have increased purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us, which may contain restrictive terms favorable to the larger organization. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities may require us to devote greater research and development, sales, product support and professional services resources to individual customers, resulting in increased costs and reduced profitability, and would likely lengthen our typical sales cycle, which could strain our resources. 
 In addition, more sales are closed in the last month of a quarter than other times. If we are unable to close sufficient transactions in a particular period, or if a significant amount of transactions are delayed until a subsequent period, our operating results for that period, and for any future periods in which revenue from such transactions would otherwise have been recognized, may be adversely affected. 
 Recently, as a result of uncertainty around general macroeconomic conditions, customers have been delaying and deferring purchasing decisions, which has led to a deterioration in near term demand. In addition, we may devote greater research and development, sales, product support, and professional services resources to potential customers that do not result in actual sales or revenue, resulting in increased costs and reduced profitability, and which could strain our resources. 
 We recognize subscription revenue over the term of our customer contracts and, consequently, downturns or upturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results and may be difficult to discern. 
 We recognize subscription revenue from our platform ratably over the terms of our customers agreements, most of which have one-year terms but an increasing number of which have up to three-year terms. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue related to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter may have a small impact on our revenue results for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our platform, and potential changes in our pricing policies or rate of expansion or retention, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. We may also be unable to reduce our cost structure in line with a significant deterioration in sales. In addition, a significant majority of our costs are expensed as incurred, while revenue is recognized over the life of the agreement with our customer. As a result, increased growth in the number of our customers could continue to result in our recognition of more costs than revenue in the earlier periods of the terms of our agreements. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. 
 We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our results of operations. 
 We conduct transactions, particularly intercompany transactions, in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, primarily the British Pound and the Euro. As we grow our international operations, we expect the amount of our revenues that are denominated in foreign currencies to increase in the future. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar could affect our revenue and operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurements that are reflected in our results of operations. As a result of such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 We review our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. At December 31, 2022, we had goodwill and intangible assets with a net book value of 534.7 million primarily related to acquisitions. An adverse change in market conditions, particularly if such change has the effect of changing one of our critical assumptions or estimates, could result in a change to the estimation of fair value that 
 22 

could result in an impairment charge to our goodwill or intangible assets. Any such charges may have a material negative impact on our operating results. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs of 269.1 million and 148.6 million, respectively. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its NOLs to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if we undergo an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future taxable income. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit from the use of our NOLs, whether or not we attain profitability. The legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, includes changes to the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate and changes to the rules governing the deductibility of certain NOLs, which may impact our ability to utilize such NOLs. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 If our relationships with technology vendors and business process outsourcers are not successful, our business and growth will be harmed. 
 We depend on, and anticipate that we will continue to depend on, various strategic relationships in order to sustain and grow our business. We have established strong relationships with technology vendors such as SAP and Microsoft Dynamics to market our solutions to users of their ERP solutions, and professional services firms such as Deloitte and Ernst Young, and business process outsourcers such as Cognizant, Genpact and IBM to supplement delivery and implementation of our applications. We believe these relationships enable us to effectively market our solutions by offering a complementary suite of services. In particular, our solution integrates with SAP s ERP solutions. SAP is part of the reseller channel that we use in the ordinary course of business. SAP has the ability to resell our solutions as an SAP solution-extension SolEx ), for which we receive a percentage of the revenues. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining our relationship with SAP, if our reseller arrangement with SAP is less successful than we anticipate, if our customers that use an SAP ERP solution do not renew their subscriptions directly with us and instead purchase our solution through the SAP reseller channel or if we are unsuccessful in supporting or expanding our relationships with other companies, our business would be adversely affected. 
 Identifying, negotiating and documenting relationships with other companies require significant time and resources. Our agreements with technology vendors are typically limited in duration, non-exclusive, cancellable upon notice and do not prohibit the counterparties from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. For example, our agreement with SAP can be terminated by either party upon six months notice and there is no assurance that our relationship with SAP will continue. If our solution is no longer resold by SAP as a solution extension, our business could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third parties to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our platform. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships, or if the counterparties to our relationships offer competing solutions, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results could suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in improved operating results. 
 We rely on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Microsoft Azure (Azure), Amazon Web Services (AWS) and third-party data centers (collectively, public cloud providers to deliver our cloud-based software solutions, and any disruption of our use of public cloud providers could negatively impact our operations and harm our business. 
 We manage our software solutions and serve most of our customers using a cloud-based infrastructure that has historically been operated in a limited number of third-party data center facilities in North America and Europe. We are developing plans to migrate some of our third-party data centers to GCP, increasing our reliance on this cloud provider. Additionally, we rely on Azure to serve Rimilia customers, and we rely on AWS to serve FourQ customers. As we implement the transition to GCP, there could be occasional planned or unplanned downtime for our cloud-based software solutions and potential service delays, all of which will impact our customers ability to use our solutions. We may also need to divert resources away from other important business operations, which could 
 23 

harm our business and growth. Additionally, if the costs to migrate to GCP are greater than we expect or take significantly more time than we anticipate, our business could be harmed. 
 We do not control the operation of our public cloud providers. Any changes in third-party service levels or any disruptions or delays from errors, defects, hacking incidents, security breaches, computer viruses, DDoS attacks, bad acts or performance problems could harm our reputation, damage our customers businesses, and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our public cloud providers are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, war, public health crises, such as COVID-19, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures and similar events. We may have limited remedies against third-party providers in the event of any service disruptions. If our third-party public cloud providers are compromised or unavailable or our customers are unable to access our solutions for any reason, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our customers have experienced minor disruptions and outages in accessing our solutions in the past, and may experience disruptions, outages, and other performance problems. Although we expend considerable effort to ensure that our platform performance is capable of handling existing and increased traffic levels, the ability of our cloud-based solutions to effectively manage any increased capacity requirements depends on our public cloud providers. Our public cloud providers may not be able to meet such performance requirements, especially to cover peak levels or spikes in traffic, and as a result, our customers may experience delays in accessing our solutions or encounter slower performance in our solutions, which could significantly harm the operations of our customers. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits to customers, subject us to potential liability, and cause customers to terminate their subscriptions or harm our renewal rates. 
 If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure capacity requirements, our customers could experience service shortfalls. The provisioning of additional cloud hosting capacity requires lead time. As we continue to restructure our data management plans, and increase our cloud hosting capacity, we have and expect to in the future move or transfer our data and our customers data. Despite precautions taken during such processes and procedures, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our service, and we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the transfer of data to other facilities which may lead to, among other things, customer dissatisfaction and non-renewals. Our public cloud providers have no obligations to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If any of our public cloud providers increases pricing terms, terminates or seeks to terminate our contractual relationship, establishes more favorable relationships with our competitors, or changes or interprets their terms of service or policies in a manner that is unfavorable with respect to us, we may be required to transfer to other providers. If we are required to transfer to other providers, we would incur significant costs and experience possible service interruption in connection with doing so. 
 If we are unable to develop and maintain successful relationships with resellers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We believe that continued growth in our business is dependent upon identifying, developing, and maintaining strategic relationships with companies that resell our solutions. We plan to expand our growing network of resellers and to add new resellers, in particular to help grow our mid-market business globally. Our agreements with our existing resellers are non-exclusive, meaning resellers may offer customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. They may also cease marketing our solutions with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. We expect that any additional resellers we identify and develop will be similarly non-exclusive and not bound by any requirement to continue to market our solutions. If we fail to identify additional resellers in a timely and cost-effective manner, or at all, or are unable to assist our current and future resellers in independently selling our solutions, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. If resellers do not effectively market and sell our solutions, or fail to meet the needs of our customers, our reputation and ability to grow our business may also be adversely affected. 
 We depend and rely upon SaaS applications from third parties to operate our business and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We rely heavily upon SaaS applications from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including billing and order management, enterprise resource planning, and financial accounting services. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages, interruptions, or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage finances could be interrupted and our processes for managing sales of our solutions and supporting our customers could be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained, and implemented, all of which could adversely affect our business. 
 24 

We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our software solutions. 
 We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased and software licensed from third parties, including third-party SaaS applications, in order to deliver our software solutions. This hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could result in delaying or preventing our ability to provide our software solutions until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available, identified, obtained and integrated. In addition, errors or defects in third-party hardware or software used in our software solutions could result in errors or a failure, which could damage our reputation, impede our ability to provide our platform or process information, and adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 Our long-term success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the sales of our solutions to customers located outside of the United States, and thus our business is susceptible to risks associated with international sales and operations. 
 We currently maintain offices and/or have personnel in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Singapore, and the United Kingdom, and we intend to build out our international operations. We have also executed several acquisitions and strategic transactions as part of our ongoing international expansion strategy. We derived approximately 29 , 28 , and 25 of our revenues from sales outside the United States in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Any international expansion efforts that we may undertake, such as our Japanese Joint Venture, our Rimilia Acquisition, or our FourQ Acquisition, may not be successful. In addition, conducting international operations in new markets subjects us to new risks that we have not generally faced in the United States. These risks include: 
 localization of our solutions, including translation into foreign languages and adaptation for local practices and regulatory requirements; 
 lack of familiarity and burdens of complying with foreign laws, legal standards, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties or other trade restrictions, such as sanctions against Russia in response to the war in Ukraine; 
 differing technology standards; 
 longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 
 difficulties in managing and staffing international operations and differing employer/employee relationships; 
 fluctuations in exchange rates that may increase the volatility of our foreign-based revenue; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value-added tax (or other tax) systems and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; 
 uncertain political and economic climates, including the significant volatility in the global financial markets and increasing inflation; 
 the impact of natural disasters, climate change, war, including the war in Ukraine, and public health pandemics, such as COVID-19, on employees, customers, partners, third-party contractors, travel and the global economy; and 
 reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 
 These factors may cause our international costs of doing business to exceed our comparable domestic costs. Operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. Any negative impact from our international business efforts could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition as a whole. 
 25 

Privacy and cybersecurity concerns and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations, including increased restrictions of cross-border data transfers, may limit or reduce the adoption of our services, result in significant costs and compliance challenges, and adversely affect our business. 
 Global legal and regulatory requirements related to collecting, storing, handling, transferring, and otherwise processing personal data are rapidly evolving in ways that require our business to adapt to support our compliance and our customers compliance. As the regulatory focus on privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity intensifies worldwide, and jurisdictions increasingly consider and adopt laws and regulations relating to these matters, the potential risks related to processing personal data by our business may grow. In addition, possible adverse interpretations of existing laws and regulations by governments in countries where we or our customers operate, as well as the potential implementation of new legislation, could impose significant obligations in areas affecting our business or prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions where we operate. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity may adversely affect our business. 
 Privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity have become significant issues in the U.S., Europe, and in many other jurisdictions where we offer our products. Following the EU s passage of the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, the global regulatory landscape relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity has grown increasingly complex and fragmented and is rapidly evolving. As a result, our business faces current and prospective risks related to increased regulatory compliance costs, reputational harm, negative effects on our existing business and on our ability to attract and retain new customers, and increased potential exposure to regulatory enforcement, litigation, and/or financial penalties for non-compliance. For example, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the Privacy Shield framework, which enabled companies to legally transfer data from the European Economic Area EEA to the U.S. This ruling from the CJEU and recent rulings from various EU member state data protection authorities have created complexity and uncertainty regarding processing and transfers of personal data from the EEA to the U.S. and certain other countries outside the EEA. Moreover, on June 4, 2021, the European Commission adopted new Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs ), which impose additional obligations relating to personal data transfers out of the EEA. The new SCCs, and similar standard contractual clauses adopted in the UK, may increase the legal risks and liabilities associated with cross-border data transfers, and result in material increased compliance and operational costs. A U.S. Executive Order has been issued that is anticipated to lead to the development of a new EU-U.S. Privacy Framework under which personal data can legally be transferred to the U.S. from the EEA. It remains uncertain whether, and when, such a framework will be formally established, and uncertainty may continue about the legal requirements for transferring customer personal data to and from the EEA and other regions, an integral process of our business. Other countries such as Russia, China, and India have also passed or are considering passing laws imposing varying degrees of restrictive data residency requirements, which have created additional costs and complexity, and any new requirements may result in additional costs and complexity. 
 In addition, the UK has established its own domestic regime with the UK GDPR and amendments to the Data Protection Act. While the UK GDPR so far mirrors the obligations in the GDPR and imposes similar penalties, the UK government is considering amending its data protection legislation. If UK regulation of data protection diverges significantly from the EU, new obligations and data flow issues could emerge, creating costs and complexity. Actual or alleged f ailure to comply with the GDPR or the UK GDPR can result in private lawsuits, reputational damage, loss of customers, and regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in significant fines, including, under the GDPR, fines of up to EUR 20 million (or GBP 17.5 million under the UK GDPR) or four percent (4 of global revenue, whichever is greater. 
 Regulatory developments in the U.S. present additional risks. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA took effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which expands upon the CCPA, was passed in November 2020 and became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA give California consumers, including employees, certain rights similar to those provided by the GDPR, and also provide for statutory damages or fines on a per violation basis that could be very large depending on the severity of the violation. Numerous other states, including Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut have also enacted or are in the process of enacting or considering comprehensive state-level data privacy and security laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, the U.S. Congress is considering privacy legislation, and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission continues to fine companies for unfair or deceptive data protection practices and may undertake its own privacy rule making exercise. 
 Globally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own frameworks governing privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity with which we, and/or our customers, must comply. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the U.S. Regulatory developments in these countries may require us to modify our policies, procedures, and data processing measures in order to address requirements under these or other applicable privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity regimes, and we may face claims, 
 26 

litigation, investigations, or other proceedings regarding them, initiated by private parties and governmental authorities, and may incur related liabilities, expenses, costs, and operational losses. Our compliance efforts are further complicated by the fact that laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity around the world are rapidly evolving, may be subject to uncertain or inconsistent interpretations and enforcement, and may conflict among various jurisdictions. 
 In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy, and other industry groups have established or may establish various new, additional, or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on us. Our customers may require us, or we may find it advisable, to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by them or third parties, such as the SSAE 18, SOC1, and SOC2 audit processes. If we are unable to maintain such certifications, comply with such standards, or meet such customer requests, it could reduce demand for our services and adversely affect our business. 
 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity may require changes in our services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or negative effects on our ability to attract and retain customers in certain industries and foreign countries , which could adversely affect our business. The costs of compliance with, and other obligations imposed by, these laws and regulations may require modification of our services, limit use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, lead to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for actual or alleged noncompliance, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, any of which could harm our business. Privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity concerns, whether valid or not valid , may inhibit the market adoption, effectiveness, or use of our services, particularly in certain industries and foreign countries . 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in full compliance with applicable laws. 
 Our solutions are subject to export controls, including the Commerce Department s Export Administration Regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations established by the Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, for a particular export or sale may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed, and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. The U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions laws prohibit the export, re-export or transfer of specific products and services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, regions, governments and persons. Even though we take precautions to prevent our solutions from being provided to U.S. sanctions targets, our solutions could be sold by resellers or could be used by persons in sanctioned regions despite such precautions. Failure to comply with the U.S. export control, sanctions and import laws could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. We and our employees could be subject to civil or criminal penalties, including the possible loss of export or import privileges, fines, and, in extreme cases, the incarceration of responsible employees or managers. In addition, if our resellers fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or authorizations, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. 
 In addition, various countries could enact laws that could limit our ability to distribute our solutions or could limit our customers ability to implement or access our solutions in those countries. Changes in our solutions or changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction and sale of our solutions in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from accessing our solutions or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our solutions to some countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related laws, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our solutions, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our solutions to current or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in laws and regulations related to the internet and cloud computing or changes to internet infrastructure may diminish the demand for our solutions, and could have a negative impact on our business. 
 The success of our business depends upon the continued use of the internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication, and business applications. Federal, state, or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the internet as a commercial medium. Regulators in some industries have also adopted and may in the future adopt regulations or interpretive positions regarding the use of SaaS and cloud computing solutions. For example, some financial services regulators have imposed guidelines for the use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to utilizing such software. Changes in these laws or regulations could require us to modify our solutions in order to comply with these changes. In addition, 
 27 

government agencies or private organizations have imposed and may impose additional taxes, fees, or other charges for accessing the internet or commerce conducted via the internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of internet-related commerce or communications generally, or result in reductions in the demand for internet-based solutions and services such as ours. In addition, the use of the internet as a business tool could be adversely affected due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of internet activity, security, reliability, cost, ease-of-use, accessibility, and quality of service. The performance of the internet and its acceptance as a business tool has been adversely affected by viruses, worms, and similar malicious programs and the internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure. If the use of the internet is adversely affected by these issues, demand for our solutions could decline. 
 The adoption of any laws or regulations adversely affecting the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products and increase our operating costs. The current legislative and regulatory landscape regarding the regulation of the internet and, in particular, internet neutrality, in the United States is subject to uncertainty. The Federal Communications Commission had previously passed Open Internet rules in February 2015, which generally provided for internet neutrality with respect to fixed and mobile broadband internet service. On December 14, 2017, the Federal Communications Commission voted to repeal Open Internet rules generally providing for internet neutrality with respect to fixed and mobile broadband internet service regulations and return to a light-touch regulatory framework known as the Restoring Internet Freedom Order. The FCC s new rules, which took effect on June 11, 2018, repealed the neutrality obligations imposed by the 2015 rules and granted providers of broadband internet access services greater freedom to make changes to their services, including, potentially, changes that may discriminate against or otherwise harm our business. However, a number of parties have appealed this order. The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals recently upheld the FCC s repeal, but ordered the FCC to reconsider certain elements of the repeal; thus the future impact of the FCC's repeal and any changes thereto remains uncertain. In addition, in September 2018, California enacted the California Internet Consumer Protection and Net Neutrality Act of 2018, making California the fourth state to enact a state-level net neutrality law since the FCC repealed its nationwide regulations. This act mandated that all broadband services in California be provided in accordance with California's net neutrality requirements. The U.S. Department of Justice has sued to block the law going into effect, and California has agreed to delay enforcement until the resolution of the FCC's repeal of the federal rules. A number of other states are considering legislation or execution action that would regulate the conduct of broadband providers. In its recent decision on the FCC s repeal, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals also ruled that the FCC does not have the authority to bar states from passing their own net neutrality rules. It is uncertain whether the FCC will argue that some state net neutrality laws are preempted by federal law and challenge such state net neutrality laws on a case-by-case basis. We cannot predict whether the FCC order or state initiatives will be modified, overturned or vacated by legal action. Additional changes in the legislative and regulatory landscape regarding internet neutrality, or otherwise regarding the regulation of the internet, could also harm our business. 
 Our international operations subject us to potentially adverse tax consequences. 
 We report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. Our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the value of assets sold or acquired or income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. We believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard. 
 The enactment of legislation implementing changes in the U.S. taxation of international business activities or the adoption of other tax reform policies could materially impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 U.S. tax laws that, among other things, include limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits, as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could increase our effective tax rate. Due to expansion of our international business activities, any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act includes, among other provisions, an alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks. These and other proposed or implemented changes in U.S. tax law could adversely impact our financial results. Finally, current and future changes to non-U.S. tax laws, including the continuing development of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations, could negatively impact the anticipated tax benefits of our international structure or increase taxes imposed upon us. 
 28 

Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected, or in the future should collect, sales and use, value-added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Sales and use, value-added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction and are subject to change from time to time. Some jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We currently have two patents and primarily rely on copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. In the past, we have utilized demand letters as a means to assert and resolve claims regarding potential misuse of our proprietary or trade secret information. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and adversely impact our business. 
 Lawsuits or other claims by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights could cause us to incur significant expenses or liabilities. 
 There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends, in part, on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our solutions or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or other companies in connection with any such litigation and to obtain licenses, modify our solutions, or refund subscription fees, which could further exhaust our resources. In addition, we may incur substantial costs to resolve claims or litigation, whether or not successfully asserted against us, which could include payment of significant settlement, royalty or license fees, modification of our solutions, or refunds to customers of subscription fees. Even if we were to prevail in the event of claims or litigation against us, any claim or litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and other employees from our business operations. Such disputes could also disrupt our solutions, adversely impacting our customer satisfaction and ability to attract customers. 
 We use open source software in our products, which could subject us to litigation or other actions. 
 We use open source software in our products and may use more open source software in the future. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the use of open source software against companies that incorporate open source software into their products. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming misuse of, or a right to compensation for, what we believe to be open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products. In addition, if we were to combine our proprietary software products with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain of the open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software products. If we inappropriately use open source software, we may be required to re-engineer our products, discontinue the sale of our products or take other remedial actions. 
 29 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock since our initial public offering has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic relationships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; 
 actual or perceived privacy, security, data protection, or cybersecurity incidents; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property, or our products or third-party proprietary rights; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 
 any major change in our board of directors or management; 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; 
 issuances of shares of our common stock, including in connection with an acquisition or upon conversion of some or all of our outstanding Notes; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, incidents of terrorism, outbreaks of pandemic diseases, such as COVID-19, presidential elections, civil unrest, or responses to these events. 
 In addition, the stock markets, and in particular the Nasdaq market on which our common stock is listed, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies and stock prices generally dropped significantly in the fourth quarter of 2021 and first half of 2022. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from operating our business, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 30 

Provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of the company more difficult and may impede attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. Among other things: 
 we have authorized but unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include supermajority voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of stockholders; 
 we have a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 
 stockholder action by written consent is prohibited; 
 any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our amended and restated bylaws or of certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation by our stockholders requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the voting power of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class outstanding; and 
 stockholders are required to comply with advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 Further, as a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, which may impair a takeover attempt that our stockholders may find beneficial. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the company, including actions that our stockholders may deem advantageous, or negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation, and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price, which may never occur. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, and also provide that the federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, each of which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws, or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants and provided that this exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are "facially valid" under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal forum 
 31 

provision. If the federal forum provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. This exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Outstanding Convertible Notes 
 Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash and we may not have sufficient cash to settle conversions of the Notes in cash, to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, or to repay the principal amount of the Notes in cash at their maturity, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2024 Notes outstanding and 1.150 billion aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding. 
 Holders of either series of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of such Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change before the applicable maturity date at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest or special interest, if any, as described in the applicable indenture governing such Notes. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes of the applicable series, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of such Notes being converted, as described in the applicable indenture governing such Notes. Moreover, we will be required to repay the Notes of the applicable series in cash at their respective maturity unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. However, we may not have enough available cash on hand or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of such Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to such series of Notes being converted or at their respective maturity. Further, if either series of the Notes convert and we elect to issue common stock in lieu of cash upon conversion, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution. 
 In addition, our ability to repurchase the Notes of the applicable series or to pay cash upon conversions of the Notes or at their respective maturity may be limited by law, regulatory authority, or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase such Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the applicable indenture governing such Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of such Notes or at their respective maturity as required by the applicable indenture governing such Notes would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under such indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of a fundamental change under the applicable indenture governing the Notes could constitute an event of default under any such agreement. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay such indebtedness and repurchase such series of Notes or pay cash with respect to such series of Notes being converted or at maturity of such series of Notes. 
 Our current and future indebtedness may limit our operating flexibility or otherwise affect our business. 
 Our existing and future indebtedness could have important consequences to our stockholders and significant effects on our business. For example, it could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations, including the Notes; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital and other general corporate purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 restrict us from exploiting business opportunities; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness; and 
 32 

limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general purposes. 
 Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The conditional conversion feature of each series of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of either series of Notes is triggered, holders of the Notes of such series will be entitled under the applicable indenture governing the Notes to convert such Notes at any time during the specified periods at their option. As of December 31, 2022, the conditional conversion features of the Notes were not triggered. If the conditional conversion feature of either series of Notes is triggered and one or more holders of a series elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, in certain circumstances, such as conversions by holders or redemption, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or certain of the outstanding principal of such series of Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, we entered into the Capped Calls with the counterparties with respect to each series of Notes. 
 The counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions at any time prior to the respective maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date of the Capped Call). This activity could also cause or prevent an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, global economic conditions have in the past resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. The counterparties to the Capped Calls are financial institutions and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of the counterparties may default or otherwise fail to perform, or may exercise certain rights to terminate, their obligations under the Capped Calls. If a counterparty to one or more Capped Calls becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under such transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, it will increase if the market price or the volatility of our common stock increases. Upon a default or other failure to perform, or a termination of obligations, by a counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the counterparties. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, such as refinancing needs, the need to develop new features or enhance our existing solutions, or to improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds, or we may opportunistically decide to raise capital. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity or convertible debt securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"), the Dodd-Frank Wall 
 33 

Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations increases our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis and are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Although we have hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business, financial conditions, and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 We may fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future and may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and the price of our common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 The process of designing and implementing internal control over financial reporting required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has been and will continue to be time consuming, costly and complicated. If, during the evaluation and testing process, we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented, or reviewed. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to stockholder lawsuits, litigation or investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources, and cause 
 34 

investor perceptions to be adversely affected and potentially resulting in restatement of our financial statements for prior periods and a decline in the market price of our stock. 
 Natural disasters, climate change, and other events beyond our control could harm our business. 
 Natural disasters, climate change, or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, climate-related events, pandemics, such as COVID-19, terrorism, political unrest, geopolitical instability, war, such as the war in Ukraine, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our solutions to our customers, could decrease demand for our solutions, and could cause us to incur substantial expense. The majority of our research and development activities, corporate headquarters, information technology systems and other critical business operations are located in California, which has experienced, and is projected to continue to experience, major earthquakes, droughts, heat waves, wildfires, and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. Significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our business could be harmed in the event of a major earthquake or other catastrophic event. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover related losses or additional expenses that we may sustain. In addition, we may be subject to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards, or expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our business, and failure to comply with such regulations, requirements, standards or expectations could adversely affect our reputation, business or financial performance. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Woodland Hills, California where we occupy approximately 89,000 square feet of space under a lease that expires in January 2024. We have additional U.S. lease offices in Pleasanton, California; New York, New York; and Westport, Connecticut. We also have international office locations in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Singapore, and the United Kingdom. We believe that our properties are generally suitable to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. In addition, to the extent we require additional space in the future, we believe that it would be readily available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In addition, from time to time, third parties may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us in the form of letters and other forms of communication. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, we are not a party to any litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, prospects, cash flows, financial position or brand. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 35 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market for Our Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol BL since October 28, 2016. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 At February 15, 2023, there were 4 shareholders of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial holders who hold their shares in street name, meaning that the shares are held for their accounts by a broker or other nominee. Accordingly, we believe that the total number of beneficial holders is higher than the number of our shareholders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance our operations and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Price Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. 
 The following graph compares (i) the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with (ii) the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and (iii) the cumulative total return of the S P Software Services Select Industry Index (SPSISS), all over the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, assuming the investment of 100 in our common stock and in both of the other indices on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of dividends. The S P Software Services Select Industry Index is newly selected for comparison to align with the index used for a recent equity award, which includes the measurement of BlackLine s total shareholder return as compared to the S P Software Services Select Industry Index. The graph also includes the comparison to the Nasdaq Computer Index (IXCO), which was the selected line-of-business index in the prior year. The graph uses the closing market price on December 31, 2017 of 32.80 per share as the initial value of our common stock. As discussed above, we have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. 
 36 

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 
 Returns are based on historical results and are not necessarily indicative of future performance. See the disclosure in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the related notes set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The following discussion also contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. See Part I, Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the forward-looking statements contained below and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risks that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in such forward-looking statements. 
 This discussion and analysis deals with comparisons of material changes in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. For the comparison of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, see the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022 and as amended in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed on March 24, 2022. 
 37 

Overview 
 We have created a comprehensive cloud-based software platform designed to transform and modernize accounting and finance operations for organizations of all types and sizes. Our secure, scalable platform supports critical accounting processes, such as intercompany accounting, certain types of data matching, the financial close, account reconciliations, and controls assurance. By introducing software to automate these processes and to enable them to function continuously, we empower our customers to improve the integrity of their financial reporting, increase efficiency in their accounting and finance processes and enhance real-time visibility into their operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 366,522 individual users across 4,188 customers. Additionally, we continue to build strategic relationships with technology vendors, professional services firms, business process outsourcers, and resellers. 
 We are a holding company and conduct our operations through our wholly-owned subsidiary, BlackLine Systems, Inc. BlackLine Systems ). On September 3, 2013, we acquired BlackLine Systems, and outside investors acquired a controlling interest in us, which we refer to as the 2013 Acquisition. The 2013 Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under GAAP and resulted in a change in accounting basis as of the date of the 2013 Acquisition. 
 Our cloud-based products include Account Reconciliations, Transaction Matching, Task Management, Journal Entry, Variance Analysis, Consolidation Integrity Manager, Compliance, BlackLine Cash Application, Credit Risk Management, Collections Management, Disputes Deductions, Team Task Management, AR Intelligence, Intercompany Create Functionality, Intercompany Processing, and Netting and Settlement. These products are offered to customers as scalable solutions that support critical accounting processes, such as the financial close, account reconciliations, cash application, intercompany accounting, and compliance. 
 We derived approximately 94 of our revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cloud-based software platform and approximately 6 from professional services for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our subscription contracts have initial non-cancellable terms of one year to three years with renewal options. Approximately two-thirds of new contracts in 2022 had an initial term of three years. We price our subscriptions based on a number of factors, primarily the number of users having access to the products and the number of products purchased by the customer. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the customer contract. The first year of subscription fees are typically payable within 30 days after execution of a contract, and thereafter upon renewal. 
 Professional services consist of implementation and consulting services. Although our platform is ready to use immediately after a new customer has access to it, we typically help customers implement our solutions. We also provide consulting services to help customers optimize the use of our products. We charge customers for our consulting services on a time-and-materials basis and we recognize that revenue as services are performed. A limited number of our customers are provided professional services for a fixed fee, which is initially recorded as deferred revenue and recognized on a proportional-performance basis as the services are performed. 
 We typically invoice customers annually in advance for subscriptions. We also invoice fixed fee implementations in advance and professional services on a time-and-materials basis. We record amounts invoiced for portions of annual subscription periods that have not occurred or services that have not been performed as deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 We sell our solutions primarily through our direct sales force, which leverages our relationships with technology vendors, professional services firms and business process outsourcers. In particular, our solution integrates with SAP s enterprise resource planning ERP solutions, and SAP is part of the reseller channel that we use in the ordinary course of business. SAP has the ability to resell our solutions, as an SAP solution-extension SolEx ), for which we receive a percentage of the revenues. In the first quarter of 2022, we entered into an agreement with Google Cloud in which the two companies will collaborate on joint selling and go-to-market activities and bring enhanced automation solutions for finance and accounting to new and existing customers. 
 Our ability to maximize the lifetime value of our customer relationships will depend, in part, on the willingness of customers to purchase additional user licenses and products from us. We rely on our sales and customer success teams to support and grow our existing customers by maintaining high customer satisfaction and educating customers on the value all our products provide. 
 The length of our sales cycle depends on the size of a potential customer and contract, as well as the type of solution or product being purchased. The sales cycle for our global enterprise customers is generally longer than that of our mid-market customers. In addition, the length of the sales cycle tends to increase for larger contracts and for more complex, strategic products like Intercompany Financial Management. As we continue to focus on increasing our average contract size and selling more strategic products, we expect our sales cycle to lengthen and become less predictable, which could cause variability in our results for any particular period. 
 38 

We have historically signed a high percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as renewal agreements with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each year and usually during the last month of the quarter. This can be attributed to buying patterns typical in the software industry. As the terms of most of our customer agreements are measured in full year increments, agreements initially entered into during the fourth quarter or last month of any quarter will generally come up for renewal at that same time in subsequent years. This seasonality is reflected in our revenues, though the impact to overall annual or quarterly revenues is minimal due to the fact that we recognize subscription revenue ratably over the term of the customer contract. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we had revenues totaling 522.9 million, 425.7 million, and 351.7 million, respectively, and we incurred net losses attributable to BlackLine, Inc. of 29.4 million, 115.2 million, and 46.9 million, respectively. 
 Global Macroeconomic Factors 
 Our operating results may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our customers. General macroeconomic conditions, such as a recession or rising inflation rates or an economic downturn in the United States or internationally, could adversely affect demand for our products and make it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. In recent quarters, as a result of economic uncertainty, we have seen customers delay purchasing decisions, which has adversely impacted our near term demand. 
 In addition, any further impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operating results, and overall financial performance remains uncertain and depends on certain developments, including the pandemic's duration and geographic spread, and the distribution and efficacy of vaccines, among others. We are and will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations, as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers, and stockholders. 
 Acquisition of Rimilia 
 On October 2, 2020, we completed the acquisition (the Rimilia Acquisition of Rimilia Holdings Ltd. Rimilia for consideration of 120.0 million payable at the closing of the acquisition with additional cash payments of up to 30.0 million payable upon certain earnout conditions being met. We funded the Rimilia Acquisition on September 30, 2020 with existing cash on-hand, in advance of the closing. 
 The acquisition extends our capabilities into accounts receivable automation through enabling cash application and collection solutions, and accelerating our larger, long-term plan for transforming and modernizing finance and accounting. This acquisition was not a significant acquisition under Regulation S-X. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Rimilia did not meet specified annual recurring revenue thresholds, which relieved the Company of its obligation to pay the contingent consideration, and accordingly, the related liability for the Rimilia Acquisition was reduced to zero. 
 Acquisition of FourQ 
 On January 26, 2022, we completed the acquisition (the "FourQ Acquisition") of FourQ Systems, Inc. ("FourQ") for cash consideration of 160.2 million payable at the closing of the acquisition. In addition, there are contingent cash consideration payments of up to 73.2 million payable upon certain earnout conditions being met. We funded the FourQ Acquisition with existing cash on-hand. 
 With the FourQ Acquisition, we seek to enhance our existing intercompany accounting automation capabilities by driving end-to-end automation of traditionally manual intercompany accounting processes and further accelerating our larger, long-term plan for transforming and modernizing finance and accounting. This acquisition was not a significant acquisition under Regulation S-X. 
 
 Key Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Dollar-based net revenue retention rate 107 109 106 Number of customers 4,188 3,825 3,433 Number of users 366,522 328,389 291,873 
 39 

Dollar-based net revenue retention rate. We believe that dollar-based net revenue retention rate is an important metric to measure the long-term value of customer agreements and our ability to retain and grow our relationships with existing customers over time. We calculate dollar-based net revenue retention rate as the implied monthly subscription and support revenue at the end of a period for the base set of customers from which we generated subscription revenue in the year prior to the calculation, divided by the implied monthly subscription and support revenue one year prior to the date of calculation for that same customer base. This calculation does not reflect implied monthly subscription and support revenue for new customers added during the one-year period but does include the effect of customers who terminated during the period. We define implied monthly subscription and support revenue as the total amount of minimum subscription and support revenue contractually committed to, under each of our customer agreements over the entire term of the agreement, divided by the number of months in the term of the agreement. At December 31, 2022, our dollar-based net revenue retention rate decreased primarily due to foreign currency headwinds and slower net growth in existing customer accounts. Our ability to maximize the lifetime value of our customer relationships will depend, in part, on the willingness of the customer to purchase additional user licenses and products from us. We rely on our customer success and sales teams to support and grow our existing customers by maintaining high customer satisfaction and educating the customer on the value all our products provide. 
 Number of customers. We believe that our ability to expand our customer base is an indicator of our market penetration and the growth of our business. We define a customer as a company that contributes to our subscription and support revenue as of the measurement date. In situations where an organization has multiple subsidiaries or divisions, each entity that is invoiced as a separate entity is treated as a separate customer. However, where an existing customer requests its invoice be divided for the sole purpose of restructuring its internal billing arrangement without any incremental increase in revenue, such customer continues to be treated as a single customer. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of our total revenues. 
 Number of users. Since our customers generally pay fees based on the number of users of our platform within their organization, we believe the total number of users is an indicator of the growth of our business. While the fees for the majority of the products we sell are user-based, we are seeing an increasing volume of transactions for our non-user based strategic products, such as Transaction Matching, Intercompany, and BlackLine Cash Application. 
 
 Key Components of our Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Subscription and support. Our subscription contracts have initial non-cancellable terms of one year to three years with renewal options. Approximately two-thirds of new contracts in 2022 had an initial term of three years. Fees are based on a number of factors, including the solutions subscribed to by the customer and the number of users having access to the solutions. The first year of subscription fees are typically payable within 30 days after execution of a contract, and thereafter upon renewal. We initially record the subscription fees as deferred revenue and recognize revenue ratably over the term of the contract. At any time during the subscription period, customers may increase their number of users and add products. Additional fees are payable for the remainder of the initial or renewed contract term. Customers may only reduce their number of users or subscription to products upon renewal of their arrangement. Revenues from subscriptions to our cloud-based software platform composed approximately 94 of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Subscription and support revenues also include revenues associated with sales of on-premise software licenses and related support, but we no longer develop any new applications or functionality for our legacy on-premise software, and anticipate that this component of our revenues will continue to decline relative to total revenue. 
 Professional services. We offer our customers implementation and consulting services. Although our platform is ready to use immediately after a new customer has access to it, we typically help customers implement our solutions. We also provide consulting and training services to help customers optimize the use of our products. These services are considered distinct performance obligations. Professional services do not result in significant customization of the subscription service. We apply the practical expedient to recognize professional services revenue when we have the right to invoice based on time and materials incurred. A limited number of our customers are provided professional services for a fixed fee, which is initially recorded as deferred revenue and recognized on a proportional-performance basis as the services are performed. Professional services revenues composed approximately 6 of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For a description of our revenue accounting policies, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 40 

Cost of Revenues 
 Subscription and support cost of revenues. Subscription and support cost of revenues primarily consists of amortization of acquired developed technology costs, salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation associated with our hosting operations and support personnel, amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs, and data center costs related to hosting our cloud-based software. We also allocate a portion of overhead to subscription and support cost of revenues. 
 Professional services costs of revenues. Costs associated with providing professional services primarily consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation associated with our implementation personnel. These costs are expensed as incurred when the services are performed. We also allocate a portion of overhead to professional services cost of revenues. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and employee benefits, including stock-based compensation of sales and marketing personnel and related sales support teams, sales and partner commissions, marketing events, advertising costs, computer software-related costs, travel, trade shows, other marketing materials, transaction-related costs, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses also include amortization of customer relationship intangible assets and impairment of cloud computing implementation costs. We defer sales and partner commissions and amortize them over an estimated period of benefit of five years. We expect the annual trend in sales and marketing expenses to continue to increase as we expand our direct sales teams and increase sales through our strategic relationships and resellers. 
 Research and development. Research and development expenses are comprised primarily of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation associated with our engineering, product and quality assurance personnel, and transaction-related costs. Research and development expenses also include third-party contractors and supplies, computer software-related costs and allocated overhead. Other than software development costs that qualify for capitalization, as discussed above, research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We expect research and development costs to increase as we develop new solutions and make improvements to our existing platform. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs associated with our executive, finance, legal, human resources, compliance, and other administrative personnel, as well as accounting and legal professional fees, other corporate-related expenses and allocated overhead. General and administrative expenses also include amortization of covenant not to compete and trade name intangible assets, the change in the fair value of contingent consideration, transaction-related costs, and impairment of cloud computing implementation costs. 
 Restructuring Costs . Restructuring costs consist of one-time termination benefits. Refer to "Note 12 - Restructuring Costs" for additional information on these costs. 
 Interest Income. Interest income primarily consists of earnings on our cash and cash equivalents and our marketable securities. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our Convertible Senior Notes (the Notes issued in August 2019 and March 2021. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes. We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States and taxes in foreign jurisdictions. We use the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities, using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the bases differences are expected to reverse. 
 We record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets to the extent that realization of the deferred tax assets, including consideration of our deferred tax liabilities, is not more likely than not. For the year ended December 31, 2022, for both federal and state income taxes, we have recorded a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets because of our cumulative operating losses since inception, as we believe that the realization of the deferred tax assets is currently not more likely than not. We have also recorded a valuation allowance against certain foreign deferred tax assets. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe the non-GAAP measures below are useful to us and our investors in evaluating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are useful because they provide consistency and comparability with our past performance, facilitate period-to-period comparisons of 
 41 

operations and facilitate comparisons with other peer companies, many of which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement their GAAP results. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) GAAP gross profit 393,553 327,835 GAAP gross margin 75.3 77.0 GAAP net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc. (29,391) (115,161) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Non-GAAP gross profit 414,818 338,930 Non-GAAP gross margin 79.3 79.6 Non-GAAP net income attributable to BlackLine, Inc. 46,243 36,535 
 Non-GAAP Gross Profit and Non-GAAP Gross Margin . Non-GAAP gross profit is defined as GAAP revenues less GAAP cost of revenue adjusted for the amortization of acquired developed technology, transaction-related costs (including, but not limited to, accounting, legal, and advisory fees related to the transaction, as well as transaction-related retention bonuses) and stock-based compensation. Non-GAAP gross margin is defined as non-GAAP gross profit divided by GAAP revenues. We believe that presenting non-GAAP gross margin is useful to investors as it eliminates the impact of certain non-cash expenses and allows a direct comparison of gross margin between periods. 
 Non-GAAP Net Income (loss) attributable to BlackLine and Diluted Non-GAAP Net Income (loss) attributable to BlackLine, Inc. per share. Non-GAAP net income (loss) attributable to BlackLine is defined as GAAP net income (loss) attributable to BlackLine adjusted for the impact of the provision for (benefit from) income taxes related to acquisitions, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs from our convertible notes, the change in the fair value of contingent consideration, transaction-related costs, legal settlement gains or costs, impairment of cloud computing implementation costs, restructuring costs, adjustment to the value of the redeemable non-controlling interest to the redemption amount, and loss on extinguishment of convertible senior notes. Diluted non-GAAP net income attributable to BlackLine, Inc. per share includes the adjustment for shares resulting from the elimination of stock-based compensation. We believe that presenting non-GAAP net income (loss) attributable to BlackLine is useful to investors as it eliminates the impact of items that have been impacted by our acquisitions and other related costs in order to allow a direct comparison of net loss between all periods presented. 
 42 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of gross profit, gross margin, and net loss, the most comparable GAAP measures to non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP net income: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Non-GAAP Gross Profit: Gross profit 393,553 327,835 Amortization of acquired developed technology 11,315 2,685 Stock-based compensation 8,595 8,410 Transaction-related costs 1,355 Total non-GAAP gross profit 414,818 338,930 Gross margin 75.3 77.0 Non-GAAP gross margin 79.3 79.6 Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable to BlackLine, Inc.: Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc. (29,391) (115,161) Benefit from income taxes related to acquisitions (13,634) (961) Amortization of intangible assets 19,731 10,479 Stock-based compensation 75,576 65,723 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 5,511 55,538 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (35,130) (2,758) Transaction-related costs 16,831 1,586 Legal settlement costs 1,709 Impairment of cloud computing implementation costs 
 5,330 Restructuring costs 3,841 Adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest (4,131) 15,077 Loss on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 7,012 Total non-GAAP net income attributable to BlackLine, Inc. 46,243 36,535 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth selected historical consolidated statements of operations data, which should be read in conjunction with Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Liquidity and Capital Resources, and Contractual Obligations and Commitments included in this Item 7, as well as Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 On December 7, 2022, we announced our decision to commit to a restructuring plan that was designed to focus on key growth priorities. Refer to "Note 12 - Restructuring Costs" for additional information on this event. 
 43 

Consolidated statements of operations information was as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Revenues Subscription and support 491,187 398,633 Professional services 31,751 27,073 Total revenues 522,938 425,706 Cost of revenues Subscription and support 102,132 71,979 Professional services 27,253 25,892 Total cost of revenues 129,385 97,871 Gross profit 393,553 327,835 Operating expenses Sales and marketing 256,862 202,620 Research and development 108,893 77,322 General and administrative 80,155 86,507 Restructuring costs 3,841 Total operating expenses 449,751 366,449 Loss from operations (56,198) (38,614) Other income (expense) Interest income 14,637 700 Interest expense (5,850) (62,945) Other expense, net 8,787 (62,245) Loss before income taxes (47,411) (100,859) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (13,520) 135 Net loss (33,891) (100,994) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (369) (910) Adjustment attributable to non-controlling interest (4,131) 15,077 Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc. (29,391) (115,161) 
 Revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Subscription and support 491,187 398,633 92,554 23 Professional services 31,751 27,073 4,678 17 Total revenues 522,938 425,706 97,232 23 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Dollar-based net revenue retention rate 107 109 Number of customers 4,188 3,825 Number of users 366,522 328,389 
 The increase in revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to an increase in the number of customers, an increase in the number of users added by existing customers, and an increase in non-user based strategic product sales. The total number of customers and users increased by 9 and 12 , respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 44 

Cost of revenues 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Subscription and support 102,132 71,979 30,153 42 Professional services 27,253 25,892 1,361 5 Total cost of revenues 129,385 97,871 31,514 32 Gross margin 75.3 77.0 
 The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the following: 
 9.8 million increase in depreciation and amortization primarily due to the addition of developed technology from the FourQ Acquisition; 
 7.1 million net increase in computer software and data center expenses primarily due to higher spend on cloud hosting services related to the migration of new and existing customers to the Google Cloud Platform, as well as an increase in cloud hosting services; 
 4.9 million increase in salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation driven primarily by higher average cost of revenues-related headcount; 
 4.6 million increase in amortization of developed technology due to net additions to software placed into service; 
 3.7 million increase in professional fees; and 
 1.4 million in transaction-related costs related to the FourQ acquisition. 
 Sales and marketing 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 256,862 202,620 54,242 27 Percentage of total revenues 49.1 47.6 
 The increase in sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the following: 
 40.9 million increase in salaries, sales commissions, stock-based compensation and incentives driven primarily by higher headcount and increased commissions from revenue growth in sales of our solutions; 
 3.4 million impairment of cloud computing implementation costs incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 2.8 million increase in travel-related expenses; 
 2.1 million increase in trade show expenses; 
 2.6 million increase in computer software-related costs primarily due to the increase in average headcount and planned expansion to promote workforce productivity; and 
 2.4 million in transaction-related costs incurred in connection with the FourQ Acquisition in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Research and development 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development, gross 128,514 92,323 36,191 39 Capitalized internally developed software costs (19,621) (15,001) (4,620) 31 Research and development, net 108,893 77,322 31,571 41 Percentage of total revenues 20.8 18.2 
 45 

The increase in research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the following: 
 21.6 million increase in salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation driven primarily by an increase in average headcount; 
 7.8 million in transaction-related costs incurred in connection with the FourQ Acquisition in the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 3.2 million increase in professional fees to augment existing resources; and 
 2.2 million increase in computer software-related costs; partially offset by 
 4.6 million increase in capitalized software costs due to new significant and enhanced functionality of our solutions, as well as increased capitalized costs due to higher headcount. Collectively, these increases resulted in a decrease in net expenses. 
 General and administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative 80,155 86,507 (6,352) (7) Percentage of total revenues 15.3 20.3 
 The decrease in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the following: 
 32.4 million decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration (refer to Note 8 - Fair Value Measurements partially offset by 
 11.4 million increase in salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation due to an increase in average headcount; 
 6.2 million increase in professional fees to support FourQ and other strategic initiatives, as well as increased recruiting fees; 
 3.7 million in transaction-related costs incurred in connection with the FourQ Acquisition in the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 2.0 million impairment of cloud computing implementation costs incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022; and 
 1.7 million in legal settlement costs incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Restructuring costs 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Restructuring costs 3,841 3,841 NM 
 The increase in restructuring costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to a planned workforce reduction and consisted of one-time termination benefits. The restructuring plan included elimination of approximately 5 of our workforce. We recorded an aggregate restructuring charge of 3.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, of which a significant portion was paid in the same quarter from existing cash operations. Refer to "Note 12 - Restructuring Costs" for additional information. 
 Interest income 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest income 14,637 700 13,937 NM 
 The increase in interest income during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to increased average interest rates on our investments and cash balances. 
 46 

Interest expense 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Interest expense 5,850 62,945 (57,095) (91) 
 The decrease in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to the elimination of the debt discount amortization on the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, and a loss of 7.0 million on the partial extinguishment of the 2024 Notes in the quarter ended June 30, 2021 that did not recur in the current year. 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (13,520) 135 (13,655) NM 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States and taxes in foreign jurisdictions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our annual estimated effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily as a result of state taxes, foreign taxes, and changes in our valuation allowance for domestic income taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded 13.5 million in income tax benefit and 0.1 million in income tax expense, respectively. The increase in income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, resulted primarily from a partial release of 14.2 million of existing valuation allowance as net deferred tax liabilities acquired from FourQ are a source of taxable income to support recognition of existing BlackLine deferred tax assets. The tax benefit was partially offset by the non-recognition of 2022 tax benefits associated with certain UK operations and changes in the mix of profitable foreign jurisdictions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. federal and state net deferred tax assets as it was more likely than not that those deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were an aggregate of 1.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, which primarily consist of short-term, investment-grade U.S. treasury securities. We had 1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, investments in marketable securities and cash from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs, capital expenditures and financing obligations for at least the next 12 months. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Notes Payable 
 In connection with the offering of the 2024 Notes, we entered into the 2024 Capped Calls with certain counterparties covering, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 3.4 million shares of our common stock and are generally expected to offset the potential economic dilution of our common stock up to the initial cap price. The 2024 Capped Calls have an initial strike price of 73.40 per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2024 Notes, and an initial cap price of 106.76 per share, subject to certain adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, all of the 2024 Capped Calls remained outstanding. 
 In connection with the offering of the 2026 Notes, we entered into the 2026 Capped Calls with certain counterparties covering, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately 6.9 million shares of our common stock and are generally expected to offset the potential economic dilution of our common stock up to the initial cap price. The 2026 Capped Calls have an initial strike price of 166.23 per share - subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes - and an initial cap price of 233.31 per share, subject to certain adjustments. As of December 31, 2022, all of the 2026 Capped Calls remained outstanding. 
 Lease Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have obligations totaling 17.0 million related to existing property and equipment leases. 
 47 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had one lease obligation totaling approximately 0.8 million that commenced in the first quarter of 2023 with a lease term of approximately twenty-four months. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 Purchase obligations represent our most significant contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business for which we have not received the related goods or services, in whole or in part. As at December 31, 2022, we have 42.2 million of contractual obligations related to four commitments, with 7.3 million payable within 12 months, and have additional contractual obligations with other vendors that are collectively immaterial and which we can readily settle given our liquidity position and capital resources. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 We are obligated to pay a maximum of 8.0 million of contingent consideration related to our 2013 Acquisition on or before November 15, 2023 since we realized taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we are potentially obligated to pay a maximum of 73.2 million of contingent consideration over the next three years related to our FourQ Acquisition if certain financial performance milestones are met. 
 Unrecognized Tax Liabilities 
 At December 31, 2022, while we have liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of 5.5 million, due to their nature, there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows and other events that extinguish these liabilities. 
 Letters of Credit 
 Commitments under letters of credit at December 31, 2022 were scheduled to expire as follows (in thousands): 
 Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years Thereafter Letters of credit 333 33 239 61 
 Letters of credit are maintained pursuant to certain of our lease arrangements. The letters of credit remain in effect at varying levels through the terms of the related agreements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As part of our ongoing business, we do not have any relationships with other entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We are therefore not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in those types of relationships. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, investors, directors and officers with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements, services to be provided by us, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. These indemnification provisions may survive termination of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification provisions may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification provisions is indeterminable. We have never paid a material claim, nor have we been sued in connection with these indemnification arrangements. At December 31, 2022, we had not accrued a liability for these indemnification arrangements because the likelihood of incurring a payment obligation, if any, in connection with these indemnification arrangements is not probable or reasonably estimable. 
 Future Capital Requirements 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the expansion of our direct sales force, strategic relationships and international operations, the timing and extent of spending to support research and development efforts and strategic transactions and the continuing market acceptance of our solutions. From time to time, we have required, and may in the future require or opportunistically raise, additional equity or debt financing. Sales of additional equity or equity-linked securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we raise funds by borrowing from third parties, the terms of those financing arrangements would require us to incur interest expense and may include negative covenants or other restrictions on our business that could impair our operating flexibility. We can provide no assurance that financing will be available at all or, if available, that we would be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we would be required to curtail our operating activities and capital expenditures, and our business operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 48 

Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 56,013 80,093 Net cash used in investing activities (395,615) (506,941) Net cash provided by financing activities 1,436 599,240 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Our net loss and cash flows from operating activities are primarily driven by net increases in headcount and our continued investments in our infrastructure to support long-term growth. In recent periods, our net loss has generally been significantly greater than our use of cash for operating activities due to our subscription-based revenue model in which billings occur in advance of revenue recognition, as well as the substantial amount of non-cash charges which we incur. Non-cash charges primarily include depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, change in fair value of contingent consideration, loss on extinguishment of convertible notes, non-cash lease expense, impairment of cloud computing costs, amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, and deferred taxes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 56.0 million, resulting from net non-cash expenses of 75.4 million and net cash flow provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 14.5 million, partially offset by our net loss of 33.9 million. The 14.5 million of net cash flows provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities reflected the following: 
 36.6 million increase in deferred revenue as a result of the growth of our customer and user bases, as reflected by greater billings for our subscription and support services; 
 5.9 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities related to increased bonuses, commissions, and payroll taxes due to increased headcount and higher sales, as well as an increase in accrued restructuring; 
 5.8 million increase in other long-term liabilities primarily related to the acquisition of FourQ; and 
 4.4 million increase in accounts payable. 
 These changes in our operating assets and liabilities were partially offset by the following: 
 23.0 million increase in accounts receivable; 
 10.1 million increase in other assets due to increased prepaid commissions, partially offset by related amortization; and 
 6.9 million decrease in operating lease liabilities. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operations was 80.1 million, resulting from net non-cash expenses of 156.5 million, partially offset by our net loss of 101.0 million and net cash flow provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 24.6 million. The 24.6 million of net cash flows provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities reflected the following: 
 51.6 million increase in deferred revenue as a result of the growth of our customer and user bases as reflected by greater billings for our subscription and support services; 
 14.9 million increase in accrued bonuses, commissions and payroll taxes due to increased headcount and higher sales; and 
 4.0 million increase in accounts payable. 
 These changes in our operating assets and liabilities were partially offset by the following: 
 22.5 million increase in increased prepaid commissions partially offset by related amortization; 
 14.3 million increase in accounts receivable, unbilled balances and advance billings; 
 5.2 million decrease in operating lease liabilities; and 
 4.0 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
 49 

Net Cash Provided Used In Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities consist primarily of purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable securities; capitalized software development costs; and capital expenditures for property and equipment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 395.6 million as a result of the following: 
 207.7 million of purchases of marketable securities, net of proceeds from maturities; 
 157.7 million, net of cash acquired, paid for the acquisition of FourQ; 
 19.2 million in capitalized software development costs; and 
 11.0 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was 506.9 million as a result of the following: 
 483.7 million of purchases of marketable securities, net of proceeds from maturities; 
 14.5 million in capitalized software development costs; and 
 8.7 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was 1.4 million primarily as a result of the following: 
 7.0 million of proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan; and 
 4.7 million of proceeds from exercises of stock options. 
 These changes in our financing activities were partially offset by the following: 
 9.5 million of acquisitions of common stock for tax withholding obligations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 599.2 million as a result of the following: 
 594.2 million proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes, net of the partial repurchase of the 2024 Notes and the purchase of the associated 2026 Capped Calls; 
 11.4 million of proceeds from exercises of stock options; 
 9.0 million of proceeds from the employee stock purchase plan; and 
 2.2 million of investment from redeemable non-controlling interest. 
 These changes in our financing activities were partially offset by the following: 
 17.0 million of acquisitions of common stock for tax withholding obligations. 
 Backlog 
 We enter into both single and multi-year subscription contracts for our solutions. The timing of our invoices to the customer is a negotiated term and thus varies among our subscription contracts. For multi-year agreements, it is common to invoice an initial amount at contract signing followed by subsequent annual invoices. At any point in the contract term, there can be amounts that we have not yet been contractually able to invoice. Until such time as these amounts are invoiced, they are not recorded in revenues, deferred revenue or elsewhere in our consolidated financial statements and are considered by us to be backlog. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had backlog of approximately 772.9 million and 596.3 million, respectively. We expect backlog will change from period to period for several reasons, including the timing and duration of customer agreements, varying billing cycles of subscription agreements, and the timing and duration of customer renewals. Because revenue for any period is a function of revenue recognized from deferred revenue under contracts in existence at the beginning of the period, as well as contract renewals and new customer contracts during the period, backlog at the beginning of any period is not necessarily indicative of future revenue performance. We do not utilize backlog as a key management metric internally. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP 
 50 

requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment or complexity than our other accounting policies. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies of the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Deferred Customer Acquisition Costs 
 We recognize an asset for the incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect the benefit of those costs to be one year or longer. We have determined that certain sales incentive programs to our employees ("deferred customer contract acquisition costs") and our partners ("partner referral fees") meet the requirements to be capitalized. Deferred customer acquisition costs related to new revenue contracts and upsells are deferred and then amortized straight line over the expected period of benefit that we have determined to be five years, based upon both the product turnover rate and estimated customer life, which involves some level of judgment in terms of the inherent assumptions used. Partner referral fees are deferred and then amortized on a straight-line basis over the related contractual period, as the fees for renewals are commensurate with fees incurred for the initial contract. Deferred customer acquisition costs and partner referral fees are included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. There were no impairment losses in relation to the costs capitalized for the periods presented. 
 Capitalized Software Costs 
 We account for the costs of computer software obtained or developed for internal use in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 350 , Intangibles Goodwill and Other . We capitalize certain implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract. These capitalized costs exclude training costs, project management costs, and data migration costs. We capitalize certain costs in the development of our SaaS subscription solutions when (i) the preliminary project stage is completed, (ii) management has authorized further funding for the completion of the project and (iii) it is probable that the project will be completed and performed as intended. These capitalized costs include estimated personnel and related expenses for employees as well as costs of third-party contractors who are directly associated with and who devote time to internal-use software projects and, when material, interest costs incurred during the development. Capitalization of these costs ceases once the project is substantially complete and the software is ready for its intended purpose. Costs incurred for significant upgrades and enhancements to our SaaS software solutions are also capitalized. Costs incurred for post-configuration training, maintenance and minor modifications or enhancements are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software development costs are amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of three years. 
 Business Combinations 
 The results of businesses acquired in business combinations are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business being recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. 
 We perform valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and allocate the purchase price to its respective assets and liabilities. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires our management to use significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenue, costs and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. We engage the assistance of valuation specialists in concluding on fair value measurements in connection with determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. 
 Contingent consideration payable in cash arising from business combinations is recorded at fair value as a liability on the acquisition date and remeasured at each reporting date. Changes in fair value are recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Determining the fair value of the contingent consideration each period requires management to make assumptions and judgments. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties, and if different assumptions had been used, the fair value of contingent consideration 
 51 

could have been materially different from the amounts recorded. The significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration are as follows: 
 the likelihood that the Company will realize a tax benefit from the use of net operating losses generated from the stock option exercises concurrent with the 2013 Acquisition; 
 the amount and timing of Rimilia ARR in the second year subsequent to the acquisition; 
 the amount and timing of new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and BlackLine, and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 Significant changes in these estimates and the periods in which they are generated would significantly impact the fair value of the contingent consideration liability. 
 Transaction-related costs incurred by the Company are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to "Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies" Recently Issued Accounting Standards of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risks, as well as risks relating to changes in the general economic conditions in the countries where we conduct business. To reduce these risks, we monitor the financial condition of our customers and limit credit exposure by collecting in advance and setting credit limits as we deem appropriate. In addition, our investment strategy has historically been to invest in financial instruments that are highly liquid and readily convertible into cash and that mature within three months from the date of purchase. To date, we have not used derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of our market risk exposures. We have also not used, nor do we intend to use, derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. 
 In August 2019, we issued 500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes have a fixed annual interest rate of 0.125 ; therefore, we do not have economic interest rate exposure with respect to the 2024 Notes. In March 2021, we issued 1.15 billion aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes have a fixed annual interest rate of 0.0 ; therefore, we do not have economic interest rate exposure with respect to the 2026 Notes. However, the fair value of the Notes is exposed to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair market value of the Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. In addition, the fair value of the Notes is affected by our common stock price. The fair value of the Notes will generally increase as our common stock price increases and will generally decrease as our common stock price declines. Additionally, we carry the Notes at face value less unamortized issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. 
 We had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of 1.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities consist of highly liquid, investment-grade commercial paper, corporate bonds, and U.S. treasury bonds. The carrying amount of our cash equivalents and marketable securities reasonably approximates fair value due to the highly liquid nature of these instruments. The primary objectives of our investment activities are the preservation of capital, the fulfillment of liquidity needs and the fiduciary control of cash and investments. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, however, we do not believe an immediate 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. We therefore do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in market interest rates. 
 We do not believe our cash equivalents and marketable securities have significant risk of default or illiquidity. While we believe our cash equivalents and marketable securities do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. In 
 52 

addition, we maintain significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more financial institutions that are in excess of federally insured limits. We cannot be assured that we will not experience losses on these deposits. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 While we primarily transact with customers in the U.S. Dollar, we also transact in foreign currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Euro, Japanese Yen, Polish Zloty, Romanian Leu, and Singapore Dollar due to foreign operations and customer sales. We expect to continue to grow our foreign operations and customer sales. Our international subsidiaries maintain certain asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of these subsidiaries, which is the U.S. Dollar for all international subsidiaries, with the exception of the Company's Japanese subsidiary, for which the Japanese Yen is the functional currency. Changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar can result in fluctuations in our total assets, liabilities, revenue, operating expenses, and cash flows. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our cash and marketable securities at December 31, 2022. 
 As our international operations grow, our risks associated with fluctuation in currency rates will become greater, and we will continue to reassess our approach to managing this risk. In addition, currency fluctuations or a weakening U.S. Dollar can increase the costs of our international expansion. To date, we have not entered into any foreign currency hedging contracts, since exchange rate fluctuations have not had a material impact on our operating results and cash flows. Based on our current international structure, we do not plan on engaging in hedging activities in the near future. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

53 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 55 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Y ears E nded December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Y ears E nded December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Y ears E nded December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Y ears E nded December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 

54 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BlackLine, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BlackLine, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible senior notes. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 55 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets and Contingent Consideration Liability Acquisition of FourQ Systems, Inc. 
 
 As described in Notes 2, 5 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of FourQ Systems, Inc. FourQ for cash consideration of 160.2 million payable at the closing of the acquisition. In addition, there are contingent cash consideration payments of up to 73.2 million payable upon certain earnout conditions being met. The purchase price allocation included a developed technology intangible asset of 64.9 million and a customer relationships intangible asset of 9.5 million. Management estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration at the acquisition date and recognized a liability of 55.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, management estimated the fair value of the contingent liability consideration to be 33.5 million, and as a result, recorded 22.4 million benefit within general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the reduction in fair value subsequent to the acquisition date. Determining the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the contingent consideration liability requires management to use significant judgment and estimates. Management valued the developed technology using the multi-period excess earnings model under the income approach, which involved the use of significant assumptions with respect to the discount rate, obsolescence rate, revenue forecasts, research and development costs for future technology, and EBITDA forecasts. Management valued the customer relationships using the differential cash flow (with-and-without) model, an income approach, which involved the use of significant assumptions with respect to the discount rate and the customer ramp-up rate. To estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, management utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model. Significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration are the amount and timing of new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and BlackLine and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of acquired intangible assets and contingent consideration liability in the acquisition of FourQ is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimates of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets and the contingent consideration liability; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the discount rate, obsolescence rate, revenue forecasts, research and development costs for future technology, and EBITDA forecasts for the developed technology intangible asset; the discount rate and customer ramp-up rate for the customer relationships intangible asset; and the amount and timing of new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and BlackLine and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date for the contingent consideration liability; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the intangible assets acquired and the contingent consideration liability. These procedures also included, among others, (i) reading the agreements; (ii) evaluating management s assessments of the completeness of the identified intangible assets acquired and contingent consideration liability; (iii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the developed technology and customer relationships intangible assets and the contingent consideration liability; (iv) evaluating the appropriateness of the models used to develop the fair value estimates, (v) testing the completeness and accuracy of certain underlying data used by management in the valuation models, and (vi) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to the discount rate, obsolescence rate, revenue forecasts, research and development costs for future technology, and EBITDA forecasts related to the developed technology intangible asset, the discount rate and customer ramp-up rate related to the customer relationships intangible asset, and the amount and timing of new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and BlackLine, and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date related to the contingent consideration liability. Evaluating the reasonableness of 
 56 

management s significant assumptions related to the revenue forecasts, research and development costs for future technology, and EBITDA forecasts related to the developed technology and customer ramp-up rate related to the customer relationships, and amount and timing of new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and BlackLine and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a three-year period subsequent to the acquisition date related to the contingent consideration liability involved evaluating whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Company and FourQ and (ii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the reasonableness of the discount rates and obsolescence rate and (ii) the appropriateness of the Company s models used to develop the fair value estimate of the acquired intangible assets and the contingent consideration liability. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 57 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except shares and par values) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities (amortized cost of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowances for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Capitalized software development costs, net Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST, AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue, current Finance lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, current Contingent consideration, current Total current liabilities Finance lease liabilities, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Convertible senior notes, net Contingent consideration, noncurrent Deferred tax liabilities, net Deferred revenue, noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Redeemable non-controlling interest (Note 4) Stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest, and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Subscription and support Professional services Total revenues Cost of revenues Subscription and support Professional services Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (Note 4) ) ) ) Adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (Note 4) ) Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) Basic net loss per share attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) Shares used to calculate basic net loss per share Diluted net loss per share attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) Shares used to calculate diluted net loss per share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities, net of tax of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest: Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Foreign currency translation attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Stock option exercises Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc., including adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Stock option exercises Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Equity component of partial repurchase of 2024 convertible senior notes ) ) Equity component of the 2026 convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs and tax Purchase of capped calls ) ) Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc., including adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment related to adoption of ASU 2020-06, net of tax ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 ) Stock option exercises Vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc., including adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (Note 4) ) Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes Stock-based compensation Non-cash lease expense (Accretion) amortization of purchase discounts on marketable securities, net ) ) Net foreign currency (gains) losses ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) credit losses ) Impairment of cloud computing implementation costs 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of impact of acquisition: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Lease incentive receipts Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of intangible assets ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Investment from redeemable non-controlling interest Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs Partial repurchase of convertible senior notes ) Purchase of capped calls related to convertible senior notes ) Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from exercises of stock options Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations ) ) ) Financed purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash included within prepaid expenses and other current assets at end of period Restricted cash included within other assets at end of period Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows T he accompanying notes are an integral part of these conso lidated financial statements. 
 62 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash financing and investing activities Adjustment for adoption of ASU 2020-06 Estimated fair value of contingent consideration Stock-based compensation capitalized for software development Capitalized software development costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities at end of period Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities at end of period Leased assets obtained in exchange for new financing lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

BLACKLINE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 

Note 2 
 64 

operating segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker, which is our Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on a consolidated and aggregate basis, together with certain operating metrics principally to make decisions about how to allocate resources and to measure the Company s performance. 
 major commercial bank in interest-bearing accounts, which exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, federally insured limits. The Company invests its excess cash in money market mutual funds, commercial paper, corporate bonds, U.S. treasury securities, and U.S. government agencies with major investment banks. To date, the Company has not experienced any impairment losses on its investments. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, single customer comprised 10 or more of the Company s total revenues. single customer had an accounts receivable balance of 10 or greater of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 million and million of restricted cash at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash was required to be restricted as to use by the Company s office leaseholder to collateralize a standby letter of credit. 
 The Company has t recorded any credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has not recorded any impairment charges for unrealized losses in the periods presented. 
 65 

for machinery and equipment and purchased software, and for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or . Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred, while renewals and improvements are capitalized. Depreciation expense is charged to operations on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
 66 

. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company amortized million, million, and million, respectively, of internal-use software development costs to subscription and support cost of revenues. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company capitalizes certain implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract. These capitalized costs exclude training costs, project management costs, and data migration costs. Capitalized software implementation costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the terms of the associated hosting arrangements. 
 
 years. 
 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to "Note 7 - Balance Sheet Components" for additional information. There were impairments recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 67 

reporting unit, and it tests its goodwill for impairment annually, during the fourth quarter of the calendar year. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used the quantitative approach to perform its annual goodwill impairment test. The fair value of the Company's reporting unit significantly exceeded the carrying value of its net assets and, accordingly, goodwill was not impaired. 
 68 

-year period subsequent to the acquisition date, as well as the discount rate. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized charges for the impairment of cloud computing implementation costs of million while for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, no impairments were identified on any assets required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 
 to with renewal options. Fees are based on a number of factors, including the solutions subscribed for by the customer and the number of users having access to the solutions. Subscription services, which allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software, are considered distinct performance obligations and are recognized ratably as the Company transfers control evenly over the contract period. 
 Subscription and support revenue also includes software and related maintenance and support fees on Runbook Company B.V. ("Runbook") software and Rimilia software. Revenues from software licenses for Runbook software and Rimilia software are recognized immediately at the time the Company provides the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. Customers may have purchased perpetual licenses or term-based licenses, which provide customers with the same functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. 
 Professional services revenue Professional services consist of implementation and consulting services to assist the Company s customers as they deploy our solutions. These services are considered distinct performance obligations. Professional services do not result in significant customization of the subscription service. The Company applies the practical expedient to recognize professional services revenue when it has the right to invoice based on time and materials incurred. The Company applies the optional exemption and has excluded the variable consideration from the disclosure of remaining performance obligations. 
 69 

million, million, and million, respectively, that was previously included in the deferred revenue balance at December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 
 The transaction price is generally determined by the stated fixed fees in the contract, excluding any related sales taxes. Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized contracted not recognized ), which includes deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. Contracted not recognized revenue was million at December 31, 2022, of which the Company expects to recognize approximately over the next months and the remainder thereafter. 
 Fees are generally due and payable within 30 days. None of the Company s contracts include a significant financing component. 
 , based upon both the product turnover rate and estimated customer life. The Company enters into partnership arrangements where partner referral fees are paid either on the initial contract or on both the initial contract and renewal of the contract. The Company assesses whether the renewal fee is commensurate with the initial fee. When the renewal fee is commensurate with the initial fee, the Company amortizes the deferred costs over the initial year of the contract. Otherwise, the initial fee is amortized over . Deferred customer acquisition costs and partner referral fees are included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. There were no impairment losses in relation to the costs capitalized for the periods presented. 
 Amortization expense related to the asset recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer is included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 70 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 . The Company recognizes the fair value of restricted stock units with performance and service conditions and restricted stock units with performance, market, and service conditions based upon the probability of the performance conditions being met, using the graded vesting method. The Company accounts for forfeitures when they occur rather than estimate a forfeiture rate. 
 Determining the grant date fair value of options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires management to make assumptions and judgments. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and, if different assumptions had been used, stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different from the amounts recorded. The assumptions and estimates are as follows: 
 Value per share of the Company s common stock . For awards granted subsequent to the Company s initial public offering, the fair value of common stock is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq, on the date of grant. 
 Expected volatility. The Company determines the expected volatility based on a weighted average of the historical volatility of its common stock and, as applicable, the historical average volatilities of similar publicly-traded companies, corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Expected term. The Company determines the expected term of awards which contain service-only vesting conditions using the simplified approach, in which the expected term of an award is presumed to be the mid-point between the vesting date and the expiration date of the award, as the Company does not have sufficient historical data relating to stock option exercises. The expected term for the Company s ESPP represents the amount of time remaining in the 12-month offering period. 
 Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect during the period the options were granted corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Estimated dividend yield. The estimated dividend yield is , as the Company does not currently intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 71 

Expected volatility N/A Risk free interest rate N/A Expected dividend yield N/A 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The financial statements of BlackLine K.K. are translated to USD using balance sheet date exchange rates for monetary assets and liabilities, historical rates of exchange for non-monetary assets and liabilities and equity, and average exchange rates in the period for revenues and expenses. Translation gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 million, net of tax of million to reclassify the remaining balance of the conversion feature recorded in 
 72 

million and retained earnings for million. Accordingly, the Company no longer carries an equity component of the convertible notes. 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This standard addresses diversity in practice and inconsistency related to recognition of an acquired contract liability, and payment terms and their effect on subsequent revenue recognized by the acquirer. For public business entities, it is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities should apply the provisions of the new standard prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the standard. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company adopted the provisions of the new standard effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently-issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted 
 In January 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging, which expands the scope of the portfolio layer method to include non-prepayable financial assets, and provides additional guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of hedge basis adjustments that are applicable to the portfolio layer method. For public business entities, it is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has not used derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of our market risk exposures. The Company has not adopted, nor does it intend to early adopt, the provisions of the new standard and does not expect it to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Note 3 
 International 
 No countries outside the United States represented 10 or more of total revenues. 
 
 Note 4 
 million in cash in exchange for of the outstanding common stock of BlackLine K.K. In November 2021, the Company made a further investment in BlackLine K.K. of million that, including additional investments in BlackLine K.K. of million by existing third-party investors in November 2021, maintained the Company's majority ownership of . As the Company continues to control a majority stake in BlackLine K.K., the entity has been consolidated. 
 All of the common stock held by the Investors is callable by the Company or puttable by the Investors upon certain contingent events. Should the call or put option be exercised, the redemption value will be determined based upon a prescribed formula derived from the discrete revenues of BlackLine K.K. and the Company, and may be settled, at the Company s discretion, with Company stock or cash. As a result of the put right available to the Investors in the future, the redeemable non-controlling interest in BlackLine K.K. is classified outside of permanent equity in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, and the balance is reported at the greater of the initial carrying amount adjusted for the redeemable non-controlling interest s share of earnings, or its estimated redemption value. The resulting changes in the estimated redemption amount are recorded within retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in-capital. 
 73 

Investment by redeemable non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (excluding adjustment to non-controlling interest) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Note 5 
 million payable at the closing of the acquisition. In addition, there are contingent cash consideration payments of up to million payable upon certain earnout conditions being met. The FourQ Acquisition enhances the Company's existing intercompany accounting automation capabilities by driving end-to-end automation of traditionally manual intercompany accounting processes. The Company incurred transaction-related costs, which include, but are not limited to, fees for accounting, legal, and advisory services of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. The transaction-related costs were expensed as incurred. 
 The contingent consideration was classified as a liability and included in contingent consideration on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. It will be remeasured on a recurring basis at fair value. To estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, management utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the earnout based on the likelihood of reaching firm-specific targets. Significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration are the amount and timing of new and incremental combined intercompany bookings from FourQ and BlackLine, and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a -year period subsequent to the acquisition date. At January 26, 2022, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was million. See "Note 16 - Contingent Consideration" for additional information regarding the valuation of the contingent consideration at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The total purchase price was allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation is preliminary, subject to the resolution of the post-closing adjustment. 
 74 

million were as follows (in thousands): 
 Cash consideration Post-acquisition working capital adjustment ) Contingent consideration Less: One-time expense related to accelerated vesting ) Purchase consideration Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets Property and equipment Intangible assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Total consideration 
 The Company believes the amount of goodwill resulting from the acquisition is primarily attributable to increased offerings to customers, and enhanced opportunities for growth and innovation. The goodwill resulting from the acquisition is not tax deductible. 
 To determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired, the Company engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist management. All estimates, key assumptions, and forecasts were either provided by, or reviewed by the Company. While the Company chose to utilize a third-party valuation specialist for assistance, the fair value analysis and related valuations reflect the conclusions of the Company and not those of any third party. The fair value measurements of the intangible assets were based primarily on significant unobservable inputs and thus represent a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. 
 Customer relationships 
 The weighted average lives of intangible assets at the acquisition date was years. 
 The identified intangible assets, developed technology and customer relationships, were valued as follows: 
 Developed technology The Company valued the finite-lived developed technology using the multi-period excess earnings model under the income approach. This method estimates an intangible asset s value based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset. The Company applied judgment which involves the use of significant assumptions with respect to the discount rate, obsolescence rate, revenue forecasts, research and development costs for future technology, and EBITDA forecasts. 
 Customer relationships The Company valued the finite-lived customer relationships using the differential cash flow (with-and-without) model, an income approach. This method assumes that the value of the intangible asset is equal to the difference between the present value of the prospective cash flows with the intangible asset in place and the present value of the prospective cash flows without the intangible asset. The Company applied judgment, which involved the use of significant assumptions with respect to the discount rate and the customer ramp-up rate. 
 75 

million payable at the closing of the acquisition with additional cash payments of up to million payable upon certain earnout conditions being met. The acquisition expands the Company's capabilities into an adjacent area, adding accounts receivable automation, and accelerating the Company's larger, long-term plan for transforming and modernizing finance and accounting. Transaction-related costs incurred by the Company totaling approximately million were expensed as incurred and were included in general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The contingent cash consideration was classified as a liability and included in contingent consideration on the Company s consolidated balance sheet and is remeasured on a recurring basis at fair value. To estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration liability, management utilized a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the earn-out based on the likelihood of reaching firm-specific targets. Significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of contingent consideration are the amount and timing of Rimilia Annual Recurring Revenue ("ARR") in each year over a year period subsequent to the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was determined to be million, and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was and million, respectively. Refer to "Note 16 - Contingent Consideration" for additional information regarding the valuation of the contingent consideration at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company accounted for the transaction as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The total purchase price was allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The total purchase consideration was million of cash, reduced by a working capital adjustment of million, and million in contingent consideration payable based on the amount and timing of Rimilia's ARR. The purchase price accounting for this acquisition is final. 
 million were as follows (in thousands): 
 Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Total consideration 
 The Company believes the amount of goodwill resulting from the acquisition is primarily attributable to increased offerings to customers, enhanced opportunities for growth and innovation, and expected synergies from the assembled workforce. The goodwill resulting from the acquisition is not tax deductible. 
 To determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired, the Company engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist management. All estimates, key assumptions, and forecasts were either provided by, or reviewed by the Company. While the Company chose to utilize a third-party valuation specialist for assistance, the fair value analysis and related valuations reflect the conclusions of the Company and not those of any third party. The fair value measurements of the intangible assets were based primarily on significant unobservable inputs and 
 76 

years Customer relationships years 
 The weighted average lives of intangible assets at the acquisition date was years. 
 The identified intangible assets, developed technology and customer relationships, were valued as follows: 
 Developed technology The Company valued the finite-lived developed technology using the multi-period excess earnings model under the income approach. This method estimates an intangible asset s value based on the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset. The Company applied judgment which involves the use of significant assumptions with respect to the discount rate, obsolescence rate, revenue forecasts, and EBITDA forecasts. 
 Customer relationships The Company valued the finite-lived customer relationships using the differential cash flow (with-and-without) model. This method assumes that the value of the intangible asset is equal to the difference between the present value of the prospective cash flows with the intangible asset in place and the present value of the prospective cash flows without the intangible asset. The Company applied judgment, which involved the significant assumption of the discount rate and the customer ramp-up rate. 
 The revenue and earnings of the acquired businesses were included in the Company s results since the acquisition dates and have not been presented separately using pro forma revenues and results of operations as their impact are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the periods presented. 
 
 Note 6 
 ) Developed technology ) Customer relationships ) Defensive patent ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Trade name ) Developed technology ) Customer relationships ) Defensive patent ) ) 
 
 77 

Sales and marketing General and administrative 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Additions from acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 Additions from acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 7 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper U.S. government agencies ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Marketable securities Corporate bonds ) Commercial paper ) ) 
 78 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 Net gains and losses are determined using the specific identification method. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were no material realized gains or losses related to sales of marketable securities recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 Marketable securities in a continuous loss position for less than 12 months had an estimated fair value of million and million, and million and million of unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there were marketable securities in a continuous loss position for greater than 12 months. 
 The Company's marketable securities are considered to be of high credit quality and accordingly, there was 
 allowance for credit losses related to marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company s marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, have a contractual maturity of less than 1 year. 
 Maturing between 1 and 2 years 
 Other Assets 
 Deferred customer contract acquisition costs are included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Long-lived assets used in operations are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the asset are less than the asset s carrying value. In the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company decided to shift focus from a lengthy implementation of a quote-to-cash tool that was not delivering the expected benefits. As a result, the Company recognized charges for the impairment of cloud computing implementation costs of million during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. The impairment charges were determined based on actual costs incurred. 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued income and other taxes payable Accrued restructuring costs Other accrued expenses and current liabilities 
 79 

Note 8 
 Commercial paper Marketable securities U.S. treasury securities Corporate bonds Commercial paper U.S government agencies Total assets Liabilities Contingent consideration Total liabilities 
 Refer to "Note 16 - Contingent Consideration" for additional information regarding the Level 1 classification of the contingent consideration liability of million as at December 31, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents Money market funds Marketable securities Corporate bonds Commercial paper Total assets Liabilities Contingent consideration Total liabilities 
 Additions in the period Change in fair value ) ) Ending fair value 
 80 

Note 9 
 Purchased software Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Data center equipment - finance lease Building - finance lease Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 10 
 leased properties with remaining lease terms of less than to , some of which include options to extend the leases up to , and some of which include options to terminate the leases within . 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable cost Total lease cost 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 81 

Operating cash flows from operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): Finance leases Operating leases Weighted average discount rate: Finance leases Operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company appropriately excluded from its accompanying consolidated financial statements lease obligation totaling approximately million with a lease term of months that was executed before December 31, 2022 but commenced in the first quarter of 2023. 

Note 11 
 Convertible Senior Notes (the 2024 Notes due in 2024 for aggregate gross proceeds of million, which included the initial purchasers option of million aggregate principal amount, in a private placement in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The resale of the 2024 Notes by the initial purchasers to qualified institutional buyers was exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The 2024 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
 Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in cash at a rate of per annum on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2020. The 2024 Notes will mature on August 1, 2024, unless redeemed, repurchased, or converted prior to such date in accordance with their terms. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2024, the Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: 
 (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2020, and only during such calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or 
 82 

of the conversion price for the Notes on each applicable trading day (the Stock Price Condition 
 (2) during the business-day period after any consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 (3) if the Company calls any or all of the Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events set forth in the Indenture. 
 On or after May 1, 2024, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of the Notes, holders of the Notes, at their option, may convert all or any portion of their Notes regardless of the foregoing conditions. 
 The Notes have an initial conversion rate of 13.6244 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment for certain events. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at its election. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change, as described in the Indenture, prior to the maturity date of the Notes, holders of the Notes may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes for cash at a price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 The Indenture contains customary events of default with respect to the Notes and provides that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, the Trustee may, and the Trustee at the request of holders of at least in principal amount of the Notes shall, declare all principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, of the Notes to be due and payable. In case of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, involving the Company, all of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will automatically become due and payable. 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, and in connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes (as defined below) in March 2021, the Company used approximately million of the net proceeds to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes. Management also determined the fair value of the liability component of the 2024 Notes being extinguished. To estimate the fair value of a similar liability that did not have an associated conversion feature, management discounted the contractual cash flows of the 2024 Notes at an estimated interest rate for a comparable non-convertible note. Based on market data available for publicly-traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2024 Notes to be approximately . The fair value of the liability portion was then deducted from the amount of consideration transferred and allocated to the liability component. The remaining consideration was allocated to the reacquisition of the equity component of the 2024 Notes and recognized as a reduction of additional paid-in capital in the amount of million. The difference between the fair value of the liability and its carrying value was recognized as an extinguishment loss in the amount of million. The equity component of the 2024 Notes was not remeasured as it continued to meet the conditions for equity classification for all successive quarters in fiscal 2021. The debt discount was amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2024 Notes using the effective interest method. 
 In connection with the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company reclassified the remaining balance of the conversion feature of million from additional paid in capital to convertible debt for million and retained earnings for million. Accordingly, the Company no longer carries an equity component of the convertible notes, and no longer incurs non-cash interest expense related to the accretion of the debt discount associated with the embedded conversion option. 
 83 

Unamortized debt discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount Carrying amount of the equity component 
 The effective interest rate of the 2024 Notes, excluding the conversion option, was and for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company carries the 2024 Notes at face value less unamortized issuance costs on its consolidated balance sheet and presents the fair value for disclosure purposes only. The estimated fair value was determined based on the actual bids and offers of the 2024 Notes in an over-the-counter market on the last trading day of the period. The estimated fair value of the 2024 Notes, based on a market approach at December 31, 2022 was approximately million, which represents a Level 2 valuation. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of amortization of issuance costs and million of coupon interest expense. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs and million of coupon interest expense. 
 At December 31, 2022, the remaining life of the 2024 Notes was approximately months. 
 The 2024 Notes were not convertible at December 31, 2022. It is the Company s current intent to settle conversions of the Notes through combination settlement , which involves repayment of the principal portion in cash and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount in shares of its common stock. 
 2026 Notes 
 In March 2021, the Company issued billion aggregate gross proceeds, which included the initial purchasers option of million aggregate principal amount, of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and, together with the 2024 Notes, the Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The 2026 Notes were sold to the initial purchasers pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a) (2) of the Securities Act. The 2026 Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the Indenture ), by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). 
 The 2026 Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the 2026 Notes does not accrete. The 2026 Notes may bear special interest under specified circumstances related to the Company s failure to comply with its reporting obligations under the Indenture or if the 2026 Notes are not freely tradeable as required by the Indenture. The 2026 Notes will mature on March 15, 2026, unless redeemed, repurchased, or converted prior to such date in accordance with their terms. 
 The initial conversion rate of the 2026 Notes is 6.0156 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. 
 The conversion rate is subject to adjustment for certain events. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at its election. It is the Company s current intent to settle conversions of the Notes through combination settlement , which involves repayment of the principal portion in cash and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount in shares of its common stock. 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2025, the 2026 Notes will be convertible only under the following circumstances: 
 (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021, and only during such calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) in a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price for the 2026 Notes on each applicable trading day; 
 84 

business-day period after any consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2026 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 (3) if the Company calls any or all of the 2026 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events set forth in the Indenture. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change, as described in the Indenture, prior to the maturity date, holders may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the 2026 Notes for cash at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 The 2026 Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any of the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2026 Notes; equal in right of payment to any of the Company s unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of current or future subsidiaries of the Company. 
 The Indenture contains customary events of default with respect to the Notes and provides that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, the Trustee may, and the Trustee at the request of holders of at least in principal amount of the Notes shall, declare all principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, of the Notes to be due and payable. In case of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, involving the Company, all of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes will automatically become due and payable. 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, in accounting for the issuance of the 2026 Notes, management allocated the proceeds of the 2026 Notes between liability and equity components. To estimate the fair value of the liability component, management measured the fair value of a similar liability that did not have an associated conversion feature by discounting the contractual cash flows of the 2026 Notes at an estimated interest rate for a comparable non-convertible note. The Company applied judgment to determine the interest rate of , which was estimated based on the credit spread implied by the 2026 Notes issuance. Significant inputs used in the model to determine the applicable interest rate include implied volatility over the term of the 2026 Notes. The equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the principal amount of the 2026 Notes. The difference between the principal amount of the 2026 Notes and the equity component totaling million was recorded as a debt discount. In addition, the Company incurred million of transaction costs related to the 2026 Notes, of which million and million, respectively, was allocated to the liability and equity components of the 2026 Notes. Transaction costs allocated to the equity component were recorded as additional debt discount. The equity component of the 2026 Notes was not remeasured as it continued to meet the conditions for equity classification. The debt discount was amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2026 Notes using the effective interest method. Additionally, the Company recorded, through equity, a deferred tax liability of million, net of the related change in the valuation allowance, related to the issuance costs and debt discount on the 2026 Notes. 
 In connection with the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company reclassified the remaining balance of the conversion feature of million from additional paid in capital to convertible debt for million and retained earnings for million. Accordingly, the Company no longer carries an equity component of the convertible notes, and no longer incurs non-cash interest expense related to the accretion of the debt discount associated with the embedded conversion option. 
 85 

Unamortized debt discount ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount Carrying amount of the equity component 1 
 
 1 The 2021 carrying amount of the equity component of million differs from the equity component of the 2026 convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs and tax of million per the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity due to a deferred tax liability of million, net of the related change in the valuation allowance, related to the issuance costs and debt discount on the 2026 Notes. 
 The effective interest rate of the 2026 Notes, excluding the conversion option, was and for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company carries the 2026 Notes at face value less unamortized issuance costs on its consolidated balance sheet and presents the fair value for disclosure purposes only. The estimated fair value was determined based on the actual bids and offers of the 2026 Notes in an over-the-counter market on the last trading day of the period. The estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes, based on a market approach at December 31, 2022, was approximately million, which represents a Level 2 valuation. 
 The Company recognized million of interest expense related to the amortization of issuance costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of interest expense related to the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. 
 At December 31, 2022, the remaining life of the 2026 Notes was approximately months. 
 The 2026 Notes were not convertible at December 31, 2022. It is the Company s current intent to settle conversions of the Notes through combination settlement , which involves repayment of the principal portion in cash and any excess of the conversion value over the principal amount in shares of its common stock. 
 2024 Capped Calls 
 In connection with the offering of the 2024 Notes, the Company entered into capped calls (the 2024 Capped Calls with certain counterparties covering, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares of our common stock and are generally expected to offset the potential economic dilution of our common stock up to the initial cap price. The 2024 Capped Calls have an initial strike price of per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2024 Notes, and an initial cap price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 The Company entered into the 2024 Capped Calls at a cost of approximately million, which was recorded as a reduction of the Company s additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. By entering into the 2024 Capped Calls, the Company expects to reduce the potential dilution to its common stock upon any conversion of the 2024 Notes (or, in the event a conversion of the 2024 Notes is settled in cash, to reduce its cash payment obligation) in the event that at the time of conversion of the 2024 Notes, the market value per share of its common stock exceeds the conversion price of the 2024 Notes, with such reduction subject to the cap price. The cost of the 2024 Capped Calls is not expected to be tax deductible as the Company did not elect to integrate the 2024 Capped Calls into the 2024 Notes for tax purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of the 2024 Capped Calls remained outstanding. 
 2026 Capped Calls 
 In connection with the offering of the 2026 Notes, the Company entered into capped calls (the "2026 Capped Calls") with certain counterparties covering, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares of our common stock and are generally expected to offset the potential economic dilution of our common stock up to the initial cap price. The 2026 Capped Calls have an initial strike price of per share - subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes - and an initial cap price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. 
 The Company entered into the 2026 Capped Calls at a cost of approximately million, which was recorded as a reduction of the Company s additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated financial 
 86 

Note 12 
 , or approximately total positions. The actions were primarily in response to cost reduction initiatives as the Company continues to focus on key growth priorities. The actions were substantially completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 and were subject to local law and consultation requirements, which extends the process in certain countries. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million for one-time termination benefits related to these actions, which occurred in the U.S. and various international locations. The charges were recorded pursuant to ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations . 
 Restructuring charges Cash payments ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 13 
 million, plus a number of shares equal to the number of shares subject to outstanding awards granted under the 2014 Plan after the date the 2014 Plan is terminated without having been exercised in full. The Company s board of directors may grant stock options and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants under the 2016 Plan. The aggregate number of shares available under the 2016 Plan and the number of shares subject to outstanding options automatically adjusts for any changes in the Company s outstanding common stock by reason of any recapitalization, spin-off, reorganization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or similar transaction. Stock options and restricted stock units generally vest over three to and have contractual terms of . 
 At December 31, 2022, million shares were available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 
 87 

Granted N/A Exercised ) Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted average grant date fair value per share of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that contain service only vesting conditions were and , respectively. There were stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised that contain service only vesting conditions during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Cash received from the exercise of stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Unrecognized compensation expense relating to stock options that contain service only vesting conditions was million at December 31, 2022, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted stock units - Service-only vesting conditions 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of service-based nonvested restricted stock units was million. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock units was million and was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted stock units - Performance and service conditions 
 On April 4, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved grants of performance and service-based restricted stock units totaling million target shares. The number of shares that will vest is subject to the achievement of certain performance metrics. The grants include three annual performance periods with vesting occurring in February of the year following the end of each annual performance period. Grant dates will be established upon approval of the performance metrics for the respective annual performance period, and the grant-date fair value per share will be equal to the closing price on the grant date for each tranche. The performance metrics for the first tranche were approved in the quarter ended June 30, 2022, and the grant-date fair value of such awards was million. On August 19, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved a grant of additional performance and service-based restricted stock units with similar related performance metrics and vesting conditions for which the grant-date fair value was million. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for each tranche will be recognized over the period from grant date to vest date and will be based on the probable outcome at the end of each reporting period. 
 88 

N/A Granted Vested N/A Forfeited/canceled ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The following table summarizes activity for restricted stock units with performance and service vesting conditions with no grant dates established (in thousands): 
 Restricted Stock Units Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value (in thousands) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 N/A Granted N/A Vested N/A Forfeited/canceled ) N/A Nonvested at December 31, 2022 N/A 
 At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of performance and service-based nonvested restricted stock units with established grant dates was million. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to performance and service-based nonvested restricted stock units with established grant dates was million and was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of performance and service-based nonvested restricted stock units with no grant dates established was million. 
 Restricted stock units - Performance, market, and service conditions 
 On December 30, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved a grant of performance, market, and service-based restricted stock units totaling million target shares. 
 N/A Granted Vested N/A Forfeited/canceled N/A Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of nonvested restricted stock units with performance, market, and service conditions was million. At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock units with performance, market, and service conditions was million and was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the Company s 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP eligible employees are granted the right to purchase shares at the lower of of the fair value of the stock at the time of grant or of the fair value at the time of exercise. The right to purchase shares is granted twice yearly for six month offering periods in May and November and exercisable on or about the succeeding November and May, respectively, of each year. Under the ESPP, million shares remained available for issuance at December 31, 2022. The Company recognized stock- 
 89 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to the 2018 ESPP was million and was expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately . 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative 
 Stock-based compensation capitalized as an asset was million, million, and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million of foreign tax benefits attributable to equity awards for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 14) ) ) International ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 90 

State Foreign Total current tax expense Deferred Federal ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred tax provision ) ) ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 State tax, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Federal tax credits Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Foreign tax differential ) ) ) Windfall tax benefits, net related to stock-based compensation Recaptured dual consolidated losses ) Nondeductible officer compensation ) ) ) Nondeductible transaction costs ) ) Contingent Consideration Nondeductible meals and entertainment ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) 
 91 

Research and other credits Capitalized R D Stock-based compensation Operating and finance leases Business interest carryforward Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Convertible notes ) Intangible assets ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Right-of-Use and finance lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes ) ) 
 ASC 740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating losses, temporary differences, and credit carryforwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses that realization is "more likely than not." A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Realization of future tax benefits is dependent on the Company s ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. For financial reporting purposes, the Company has incurred losses for each of the past three years. Based on available objective evidence, including the Company s history of losses, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets. The net deferred tax liability position at December 31, 2022 was related to the Company's foreign tax jurisdictions. The net deferred tax liability position at December 31, 2021 was related to the Company's domestic and foreign tax jurisdictions. 
 Increase in valuation allowance recorded through earnings Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance recorded through equity ) Valuation allowance, at end of year 
 The increase in valuation allowance recorded through equity of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 results from the adoption of ASU 2020-06, which required the reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with the Company s 2024 and 2026 Notes. The decrease in valuation allowance recorded through equity of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 is related to the issuance of the 2026 Notes. 
 The increase in valuation allowance recorded through earnings of million for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from the effects of the capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses as required by the 2017 Tax Cuts and Job Act, partially offset by the valuation allowance decrease associated with net deferred tax liabilities acquired from FourQ which are a source of taxable income to support the recognition of existing BlackLine deferred tax assets. The Company elected to consider the recoverability of the acquired deferred tax assets before existing BlackLine deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance release 
 92 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in valuation allowance recorded through earnings of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, resulted primarily from U.S. federal and state losses incurred during these periods. 
 The Company did not provide for US income taxes on the undistributed earnings and other outside temporary differences of foreign subsidiaries as they are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of temporary differences related to undistributed earnings and other outside temporary differences upon which U.S. income taxes have not been provided is immaterial to these consolidated financial statements. 
 During 2020, the Company elected to change certain foreign subsidiaries from disregarded to controlled foreign corporation tax status for U.S. tax purposes. The change in tax status resulted in the recapture of million and million for federal and state tax purposes, respectively. Accordingly, the Company s federal and state net operating losses have been reduced for these recaptured amounts. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated federal and state net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income of approximately million and million, respectively. The federal losses will begin to expire in 2033, and the state losses will begin to expire between 2023 and 2033, depending on the jurisdiction. The Company has federal research and development credits and foreign tax credits of million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2033 and 2023, respectively. The Company has state research and development credits and enterprise zone credits of million and million, respectively, which are indefinite in expiration and begin to expire in 2023, respectively. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382, use of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards may be limited if the Company experiences a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 over a three-year period. 
 Increases related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits 
 At December 31, 2022, included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits is million, that if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. At December 31, 2021, the realization of unrecognized tax benefits was not expected to impact the effective rate due to a full valuation allowance on federal and state deferred taxes. The Company has recorded less than million interest and penalties in its provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, and less than million has been accrued in interest and penalties at December 31, 2022. interest or penalties were recorded in its provision for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and such amounts were accrued at December 31, 2021. 
 The Company files U.S. federal, various state, and foreign income tax returns. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities. The tax years from 2013 forward remain subject to examination for federal purposes. Generally, state and foreign tax authorities may examine the Company s tax returns for four years and five years, respectively, from the date an income tax return is filed. However, the taxing authorities may continue to examine the Company s federal and state net operating loss carryforwards until the statute of limitations closes on the tax years in which the federal and state net operating losses are utilized. 
 . 
 93 

Note 15) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares Add: Dilutive effect of securities Shares used to calculate diluted net loss per share Basic net loss per share attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) Diluted net loss per share attributable to BlackLine, Inc. ) ) ) 
 Potentially dilutive shares, which are based on the weighted-average shares of common stock underlying stock options, unvested stock awards, and Convertible Notes using the treasury stock method or the if-converted method, as applicable, are included when calculating diluted net income per share attributable to BlackLine, Inc. when their effect is dilutive. As of January 1, 2022, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 using the modified retrospective method. The standard requires the Company to apply the if-converted method in relation to the Convertible Notes, which requires the Company to assume that the Convertible Notes were converted using only share settlement at the beginning of the period, resulting in additional shares outstanding of million and million for the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, respectively. Using this method, the numerator is affected by adding back interest expense and the denominator is affected by including the effect of potential share settlement, if the effect is dilutive. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Convertible Notes were accounted for using the treasury stock method for the purposes of net income per share. See "Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies, Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements" for further details concerning the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 Stock options with performance conditions Restricted stock units Restricted stock units with performance and service vesting conditions Restricted stock units with performance and market conditions Total shares excluded from net loss per share 
 million and million weighted average shares underlying the conversion option in the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, respectively, are not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. The shares are subject to adjustment, up to approximately million shares and million shares for the 2024 Notes and the 2026 Notes, respectively, if certain corporate events occur prior to the maturity dates or if the Company issues a notice of redemption. 
 
 Note 16 
 million was due on or before November 15, 2023, and it is classified as a Level 1 liability per "Note 8 - Fair Value Measurements". The fair value of the contingent consideration liability was million at December 31, 2021. 
 94 

period subsequent to the acquisition date, the maximum payable of which was million. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Rimilia did not meet these specified thresholds, which relieved the Company of its obligation to pay any contingent consideration, and accordingly, the related liability for the Rimilia Acquisition was reduced to . 
 As a condition of the FourQ Acquisition that occurred on January 26, 2022, the Company agreed to pay additional cash consideration if FourQ realized certain firm-specific targets, including the amount and timing of new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and BlackLine, and revenues from a specified FourQ customer over a period subsequent to the acquisition date. The maximum cash consideration to be distributed is million. Changes in the significant inputs used in the fair value measurement, specifically a change in new and incremental combined bookings from FourQ and the Company, can significantly impact the fair value of the contingent consideration liability. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the contingent consideration liability was million, which relative to the liability recorded at acquisition date, resulted in a benefit of million recorded in general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to "Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies" for additional information regarding the valuation of the contingent consideration. 
 
 Note 17 
 
 Note 18 
 of each 1 of the employee s contribution up to the first of the employee s semi-monthly compensation and of each 1 of the employee s contribution up to the next of the employee s semi-monthly compensation. Matching contributions to the Plan recorded in the Company s consolidated statements of operations totaled million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 19 
 International 
 
 Note 20 
 newly-appointed members of the Company's Board of Directors totaling 
 95 

per share. The restricted stock units are service-based and will vest upon the earlier of the anniversary of the grant date or the day prior to the Company's next Annual Meeting occurring after the grant date. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of BlackLine, Inc. (the "Compensation Committee") approved the grant of restricted stock units. The restricted stock units are service-based and will vest one-eighth per quarter with the first vesting on February 20, 2023. 
 On February 15, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved restricted stock unit grants to employees totaling shares. Each restricted stock unit entitles the recipient to receive share of common stock upon vesting of the award. The restricted stock units will vest as to one-fourth of the total number of units awarded on the first anniversary of February 20, 2023 and quarterly thereafter for 12 consecutive quarters. 
 96 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures at December 31, 2022, the last day of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, at December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and our management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). 
 Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework" (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 97 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , . 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 With the exception of the information incorporated in Items 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is not deemed filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 98 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Documents filed as part of this report are as follows: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted as information required is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 The documents listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibit Index 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among SLS Breeze Holdings, Inc., SLS Breeze Intermediate Holdings, Inc., SLS Breeze Merger Sub, Inc. and BlackLine Systems, Inc., dated as of August 9, 2013 
 S-1 333-213899 2.1 September 30, 2016 3.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, effecting a one-for-five reverse stock split. 
 S-1/A 333-213899 3.2 October 17, 2016 3.2 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-37924 3.2 December 12, 2016 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-37924 3.1 February 22, 2023 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant. 
 S-1 333-213899 4.1 September 30, 2016 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 4.3 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, by and among the Registrant, Silver Lake Sumeru, Iconiq, Therese Tucker and Mario Spanicciati. 
 10-Q 001-37924 4.2 December 12, 2016 4.4 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Registrant, Silver Lake Sumeru, Iconiq, Therese Tucker and Mario Spanicciati. 
 10-Q 001-37924 4.3 December 12, 2016 4.5 Form of Senior Indenture. 
 S-3 333- 221500 4.5 November 13, 2017 4.6 Form of Subordinated Indenture. 
 S-3 333- 221500 4.6 November 13, 2017 4.7 Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2019, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 8-K 001-37924 4.1 August 13, 2019 4.8 Form of 0.125 Convertible Senior Note due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.7). 
 8-K 001-37924 4.1 August 13, 2019 10.1 Software Development Cooperation Agreement, by and between the Company and SAP AG, effective as of October 1, 2013. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.1 September 30, 2016 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Software Development Cooperation Agreement, by and between the Company and SAP AG, effective as of October 31, 2018 
 10-K 001-37924 10.2 February 28, 2019 10.3+ 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and form of equity agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.6 September 30, 2016 10.4+ Amendment No. 1 to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.7 September 30, 2016 10.5+ Amendment No. 2 to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.8 September 30, 2016 10.6+ Amendment No. 3 to the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.9 September 30, 2016 
 99 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.7+ 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and the form of equity award agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 333-213899 10.10 October 17, 2016 10.8+ Employee Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.11 September 30, 2016 10.9+ 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 10-Q 001-37924 10.2 August 8, 2018 10.10+ Form of Change of Control and Severance Policy. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.13 September 30, 2016 10.11+ Executive Employment Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Therese Tucker, effective as of January 1, 2016. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.14 September 30, 2016 10.12+ Employment Offer Letter, by and between the Company and Karole Morgan-Prager, dated as of May 4, 2015. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.16 September 30, 2016 10.13+ Confirmatory Offer Letter, by and between the Registrant and Karole Morgan-Prager, dated as of September 29, 2016. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.18 September 30, 2016 10.14+ Employment Offer Letter, by and between the Company and Mark Partin, dated as of December 25, 2014. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.19 September 30, 2016 10.15+ Confirmatory Offer Letter, by and between the Registrant and Mark Partin, dated as of September 29, 2016. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.20 September 30, 2016 10.16+ Employment Offer Letter, by and between the Registrant and Marc Huffman, dated as of January 8, 2018. 
 10-Q 001-37924 10.18 May 9, 2018 10.17+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.22 September 30, 2016 10.18 Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmet 2008, LLC, dated November 22, 2010. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.25 September 30, 2016 10.19 First Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated August 14, 2012. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.26 September 30, 2016 10.20 Second Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated December 26, 2013. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.27 September 30, 2016 10.21 Third Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated June 24, 2014. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.28 September 30, 2016 10.22 Fourth Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated January 29, 2015. 
 S-1 333-213899 10.29 September 30, 2016 10.23 Fifth Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated October 6, 2016. 
 S-1/A 333-217981 10.26 May 22, 2017 10.24 Sixth Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated May 10, 2017. 
 S-1/A 333-217981 10.27 May 22, 2017 10.25 Seventh Amendment to Office Lease, by and between the Company and Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC, dated May 18, 2017. 
 S-1/A 333-217981 10.28 May 22, 2017 10.26 Form of Capped Call Confirmation. 
 8-K 001-37924 10.2 August 13, 2019 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature pages hereto). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 100 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted as the Company has determined the omitted information (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful to Registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of BlackLine, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 101 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 23, 2023. 
 BLACKLINE, INC. By: /s/ Marc Huffman Name: Marc Huffman Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Marc Huffman and Mark Partin, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 102 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Marc Huffman Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 Marc Huffman 
 /s/ Mark Partin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 23, 2023 Mark Partin /s/ Patrick Villanova Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 23, 2023 Patrick Villanova /s/ Brunilda Rios Director February 23, 2023 Brunilda Rios /s/ Owen Ryan Director February 23, 2023 Owen Ryan /s/ Kevin Thompson Director February 23, 2023 Kevin Thompson /s/ Therese Tucker Director February 23, 2023 Therese Tucker /s/ Thomas Unterman Director February 23, 2023 Thomas Unterman /s/ Sophia Velastegui 
 Director February 23, 2023 Sophia Velastegui 
 /s/ Barbara Whye 
 Director February 23, 2023 Barbara Whye 
 /s/ Mika Yamamoto Director February 23, 2023 Mika Yamamoto /s/ Amit Yoran Director February 23, 2023 Amit Yoran 

103 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 bl-20221231xex42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 
 The following description of the capital stock of BlackLine, Inc. us, our, we or the Company is a summary of the rights of our common stock and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws currently in effect. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, each as filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part, as well as to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). For a complete description of our capital stock, we encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the applicable portions of the DGCL carefully. 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, our stockholders will not have cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of legally available funds. 
 Liquidation 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. 
 Rights and Preferences 
 Holders of shares of common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of shares of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 No shares of our preferred stock are currently outstanding. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors, without further action by our stockholders, is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more classes or series. The board may fix or alter the rights, preferences and privileges of the preferred stock, along with any limitations or restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences of each class or series of preferred stock. The preferred stock could have voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could also have the effect, under certain circumstances, of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company. We currently have no plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Certain provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire 
 1 

control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate more favorable terms with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us. 
 Classified Board 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors, with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible, and with the directors serving three-year terms. As a result, approximately one-third of our board will be elected each year. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that, subject to any rights of holders of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances and the Stockholders Agreement by and between the Company and our principal stockholders named therein Principal Stockholders ), dated as of October 27, 2016 (the Stockholders Agreement ), the number of directors will be fixed exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by our board. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation precludes stockholder action by written consent. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, except as required by law, special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of our board or the chairman of our board. Our amended and restated bylaws prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or management of the Company. 
 Advance Notice Procedures 
 Our amended and restated bylaws contain an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board provided, however, such advance notice procedures will not apply to a Principal Stockholder at any time when such Principal Stockholder beneficially owns at least 10 of the total number of shares of our common stock then outstanding. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our board or by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given our secretary timely written notice, in proper form, of the stockholder s intention to bring that business before the meeting. Although the amended and restated bylaws will not give our board the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting, the bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
 Removal of Directors Vacancies 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that directors may be removed with or without cause upon the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of all outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. In connection with votes for removal, the parties to the Stockholders Agreement will agree to vote their shares in accordance with the board composition requirements in such agreement and the wishes of the party which designated a director regarding removal of such director. Any newly created directorships that result in a vacancy on the board will be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by the stockholders). In addition, in the event that Therese Tucker ceases to be employed by the Company for any reason and she owns less than 5 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding, (i) she will be required to immediately tender her resignation from the board of directors effective only upon acceptance by the board of directors and (ii) the board of directors may, in its sole discretion, accept or reject such resignation. If the board of directors rejects the resignation, Ms. Tucker will continue to have the right to be designated for membership on the board of directors provided that the board of directors will have the right, by unanimous vote of the other directors (excluding Ms. Tucker), to require 
 2 

such director s resignation from the board of directors if the board of directors determines such resignation would be in the best interests of the Company, regardless of the number of shares of common stock held by Ms. Tucker. 
 Supermajority Approval Requirements 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend and rescind, in whole or in part, our bylaws without a stockholder vote in any matter not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware and our certificate of incorporation. Any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our amended and restated bylaws by our stockholders requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 voting power of all the then outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, the following provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class 
 the provisions providing for a classified board of directors (the election and term of our directors) 
 the provisions regarding resignation and removal of directors 
 the provisions regarding competition and corporate opportunity 
 the provisions regarding entering into business combinations with interested stockholders 
 the provisions regarding stockholder action by written consent 
 the provisions regarding calling special meetings of stockholders 
 the provisions regarding filling vacancies on our board and newly created directorships 
 the provisions eliminating monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duty by a director and 
 the amendment provision requiring that the above provisions be amended only with a 75 supermajority vote. 
 The combination of the classification of our board of directors, the lack of cumulative voting and the supermajority voting requirements will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board. Because our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to stock exchange rules. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock or preferred stock may be to enable our board to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive our stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 Business Combinations 
 We are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 
 3 

Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions (1) before the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder (2) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances or (3) at or after the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination was approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. 
 We have opted out of Section 203 however, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares or 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with the Company for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in advance with our board because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, stockholders or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court s having jurisdiction over the claims at issue and the indispensable parties provided that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaints or asserting any cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Any person or entity purchasing, holding or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. The exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. 
 4 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. These provisions eliminate the rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation will not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance will be useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers. 
 The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions included in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breaches of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol BL . 
 
 5 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 bl-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 BlackLine Systems, Inc. California FourQ Systems Inc. Connecticut BlackLine Intermediate, Inc. Delaware BlackLine CV, LLC Delaware BlackLine Coop, LLC Delaware Runbook Company, Inc. Delaware FourQ Systems Inc. Delaware FourQ Systems International LLC Delaware BlackLine Systems Pty Ltd. Australia BlackLine Systems, Ltd. Canada BlackLine Systems S.a.r.l. France BlackLine Systems Germany GmbH Germany BlackLine Systems Development & Services Private Limited India BlackLine K.K. Japan BlackLine Modern Accounting Solutions, S. de RL de CV Mexico BlackLine C.V. Netherlands BlackLine Co peratief U.A. Netherlands Runbook Company BV Netherlands Runbook IP BV Netherlands BlackLine International BV Netherlands FourQ Systems Netherlands B.V. Netherlands BlackLine Sp. z.o.o. Poland BlackLine Systems SRL Romania BlackLine Systems Pte. Ltd. Singapore BlackLine Systems Limited United Kingdom Rimilia Europe Ltd. United Kingdom Rimilia Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 bl-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-214309, 333-217985, 333-223528, 333-226818, 333-229968, 333-236715, 333-253522, and 333-263045) and Form S-3 (No. 333-221500) of BlackLine, Inc. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 bl-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc Huffman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackLine, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 BLACKLINE, INC. By s Marc Huffman Name Marc Huffman Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 bl-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Mark Partin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackLine, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 23, 2023 BLACKLINE, INC. By s Mark Partin Name Mark Partin Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 bl-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc Huffman, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackLine, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of BlackLine, Inc. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Marc Huffman Name Marc Huffman Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Mark Partin, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BlackLine, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of BlackLine, Inc. 
 Date February 23, 2023 By s Mark Partin Name Mark Partin Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

