<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1673504_0001493152-23-008004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2133529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115035</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>422129</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>685102</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>380191</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>486177</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008004.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317060807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlantis Glory Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001673504
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				383995730
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-213608
		FILM NUMBER:		23740622

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 2106, BEAUTIFUL GROUP TOWER
		STREET 2:		77 CONNAUGHT ROAD
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-18503010555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 2106, BEAUTIFUL GROUP TOWER
		STREET 2:		77 CONNAUGHT ROAD
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Shengshi Elevator International Holding Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190911

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Galem Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008004.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

8742 

 (Primary
Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission 
 File Number) 
 
 (IRS
 employer 
 identification no.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: + 

SHENGSHI
ELEVATOR INTERNATIONAL HOLDING GROUP INC. 

 (Former
Name of Registrant) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on a
closing price of 2.05 as of such date. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive officers, directors,
and beneficial holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant as of such date have been excluded because such
persons may be deemed to be affiliates. 

As
of March 17, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

FORM
10-K 

ANNUAL
REPORT 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item
 6. 
 RESERVED 
 12 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 16 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 16 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 16 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction That Prevents Inspection. 
 16 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 17 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 20 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 21 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 22 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , mean Atlantis
Glory Inc. unless otherwise indicated. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These
statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend
that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue
reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management s
best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important
factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and
events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

The
results anticipated by any or all of these forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties, and risks that
may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. Risk
Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. 

Description
of Business 

The
Company is a U.S. holding company incorporated in Nevada on March 31, 2016, which operated through the Company s wholly owned subsidiary
Shengshi International Holdings Co., Ltd. Shengshi International ), a Cayman Islands corporation incorporated in October
19, 2018. 

The
following was the organization structure of the Company along with ownership detail and its subsidiaries: 

Shengshi
International Holdings Co., Ltd. (the Shengshi International ), was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 19, 2018.
It is owned by four individuals and four entities. Mr. Jin Xukai, owning 10 share, is the executive director. Mr. Liu Yanyu, owning
4.2 share, Mr. Li Zhonglin, owning 4.5 share, Mr. Liu Bin, owning 4.33 share are the three directors. The following entities own the
remaining shares of Shengshi International: Shengshi Qianyuan Co., Ltd., founded on October 12, 2018, whose director is Ms. Jiang Yanru,
the ownership percentage is 3.7 ; Shengshi Xinguang Co., Ltd, founded on October 10, 2018, whose director is Mr. Zhang Baozhu, the ownership
percentage is s 15 ; Shengshi Jinhong Co., Ltd, founded on October 2, 2018, whose director is Ms. Zhang Lina, the ownership percentage
is 38.27 ; and Shengshi Huading Co., Ltd., founded on October 9, 2018, whose director is Li Ying, the ownership percentage is 20 . 

Shengshi
Shengshun (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. Shengshi Hong Kong ), was established in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
People s Republic of China (the PRC on September 18, 2018. It is 100 owned by Shengshi International. 

Shengshi
Yinghe (Shenzhen) Technology Co. Ltd. Shengshi Yinghe was established as a wholly foreign owned enterprise on November
8, 2018 in Shenzhen City, Guangdong province, under the laws of the PRC. It is 100 owned by Shengshi Hong Kong. 

Shenzhen
Shengshi Elevator Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Shengshi ), was incorporated on April 2, 2014 registered in Shenzhen City, Guangdong
province, under the laws of the PRC. The Company was established by Mr. Jin Xukai, the founder, president, chairman, chief designer,
and the controlling shareholder. It is 100 owned by Shengshi Yinghe. 

Shenzhen
Shengshi focuses on elevator technology research and development, sales, maintenance and installation. The company s flagship product
is an elevator adopts the technical principle of the world s first An embedded open nut track lifting system and
represents a brand-new product direction and industrial innovation. 

1 

Sichuan
Shengshi Elevator Technology Co., Ltd. Sichuan Shengshi ), was incorporated on July 13, 2018 registered in Chengdu city,
Sichuan province, under the laws of the PRC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shenzhen Shengshi. Sichuan Shengshi has the same business scope
and offers similar products and services as the parent company. 

The
Company has been dormant since May 14, 2020. 

On
May 18, 2021, as a result of a receivership in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-21-827642-F, David Lazar was appointed receiver of
the Company. Receiver David Lazar was granted the authority to rehabilitate the Company, including but not limited to the reinstatement
or revival of the Company s corporate charter with the Nevada Secretary of State, to prepare and file all documents as reasonably
necessary to comply with Rule 15c2-11 of the Securities Act of 1934, to collect the debts and property belonging to the Company, to compromise
and settle with any debtor of the Company, to prosecute and defend lawsuits in the name of the Company, to do all other acts as might
be done by the Company, to do all other acts as may be reasonable or necessary to continue the business of the Company, and to appoint
agents for the exercise of these duties. Receiver David Lazar saw no possibility of recovering any assets located in China and accessing
any information of subsidiaries. The subsidiaries in China were deconsolidated. 

On
September 8, 2021, as a result of Order barring unasserted claims and terminating receivership in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number:
A-21-827642-F, the claimants and creditors of the Company were barred from presenting claims and debts against the Company which arose
on or before the date of the Order. 

On
July 28, 2021 the Company designated 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value of 0.001. These shares were awarded
to Custodian Ventures managed by David Lazar in satisfaction of a judgement in the amount of 53,679.52 and for services performed for
the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock was valued at 250,000 and was based on the current market pricing for a shell company of this
nature. These shares have the following rights: 

Dividend
Provisions. 

Subject
to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets
legally available therefor, upon any payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible
into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the
Common Stock of the Corporation, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, as if the Series A Preferred Stock had been converted
into Common Stock. 

Liquidation
Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock, or any other series or class of common stock of the Corporation, whether now in existence
or hereafter created by amendment to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation or by a certificate of designation. 

Conversion. 

The
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, shall have conversion rights as follows (the Conversion Rights ): (a) Right to
Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), the holder of issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert
the Series A Preferred Stock, at the option of the holder(s) thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such shares, at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock that
are equal to ninety percent (90 ), post conversion, of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation,
as if all i) Series A Preferred Stock, ii) other issued and outstanding classes or series of common or preferred stock of the Corporation
convertible into Common Stock of the Corporation, and iii) outstanding warrants, notes, indentures and/or other instruments, obligations
or securities convertible into Common Stock of the Corporation are converted (the Conversion Shares ), with the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock so converted to be converted into the number of common shares equal to the Conversion Shares multiplied by the
quotient of the number of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock converted by a holder divided by the number of all Series A Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding. 

On
December 22, 2021, a Stock Purchase Agreement was entered into between NYJJ (Hong Kong) Limited (the Seller and Atlantis
Glory Company Limited (the Purchaser ), whose controlling person is Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung, wherein the Purchaser purchased
10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Shares, par value 0.001 per share (the Shares ), of Shengshi Elevator International
Holding Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ). As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately 90 holder
of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company, on a fully-diluted basis, and became the controlling shareholder.
The consideration paid for the Shares was 400,000. The source of the cash consideration for the Shares was personal fund of the controlling
person of Purchaser. 

On
January 3, 2022, the sole officer and director of the Company, David Lazar, tendered his resignations as Director, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer of the Company, and appointed Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung as new President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary,
Treasurer, and Director of the Company, effective January 5, 2022. 

2 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company has no operations from a continuing business other than the expenditures related to running the Company and has no revenue from
continuing operations as of the date of this Report. 

Management
intends to explore and identify business opportunities, including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through a reverse merger,
asset purchase or similar transaction. Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may
be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of
the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item
1A Risk Factors . 

We
do not currently engage in any business activities that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring
costs in connection with investigating, evaluating, and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating
an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given
our limited capital resources, we may consider a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing
company or is otherwise in need of additional funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets, or
is an established business experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As
of the date of this Report, our management has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential
business combination. Any target business that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such
event, we expect to be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity.
In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our
management has limited experience, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification
will likely pose a substantial risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential
losses from one venture or operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent
we acquire a business operating in a single industry or geographical region. 

We
anticipate that the selection of a business combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions,
including unfavorable conditions caused by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages
of available capital, management believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted
rates with which we will compete. We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different
industries or regions and at various stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and
analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have developed and begun to implement our business
plan, management intends to fund our working capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future issuances of
debt or equity securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a business plan
and commencement of operations. 

Based
upon our current operations, we do not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able
to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties,
we cannot be certain as to how much capital we need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with
a reverse merger, we will be required to issue a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be
very dilutive. 

Additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might
have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective
new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

3 

We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports
with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in
their early stage of development. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model, recognition
of revenue sources, and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement, and successfully
execute our business and marketing strategy, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Competition
and Market Conditions 

We
will face substantial competition in our efforts to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition is expected
to be from other companies organized and funded for similar purposes, including small venture capital firms, blank check companies, and
wealthy investors, many of which may have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. In light of our limited financial
and human resources, we are at a competitive disadvantage compared to many of our competitors in our efforts to obtain an operating business
or assets necessary to commence our operations in a new field. Additionally, with the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic,
many venture capital firms and similar firms and individuals have been seeking to acquire businesses at discounted rates, and we therefore
currently face additional competition and resultant difficulty obtaining a business. We expect these conditions to persist at least until
the economy recovers. Further, even if we are successful in obtaining a business or assets for new operations, we expect there to be
enhanced barriers to entry in the marketplace in which we decide to operate as a result of reduced demand and/or increased raw material
costs caused by the pandemic and other economic forces that are beyond our control. 

Regulation 

As
of the date of this Report, we are required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Section
13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Depending
on the direction management decides to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to other
laws or regulations that require us to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state-level regulation of privacy.
Any such requirements could require us to divert significant human and capital resources on compliance, which could have an adverse effect
on our future operating results. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we have one employee, our Chief Executive Officer, Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung. Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung has the flexibility
to work on our business up to 45 hours per week, but is prepared to devote more time if necessary. At present, Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung is
responsible for every aspect of the Company s operations. 

4 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Financial Condition 

We
currently have no operations, and investors therefore have no basis on which to evaluate the Company s future prospects. 

We
currently have no operations and will be reliant upon a merger with or acquisition of an operating business to commence operations and
generate revenue. Because we have no operations and have not generated revenues, investors have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective of locating and completing a business combination with a target business. We have no current arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete a business combination
in a reasonable timeframe, on reasonable terms, or at all. If we fail to complete a business combination as planned, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

We
may face difficulties or delays in our search for a business combination, and we may not have access to sufficient capital to consummate
a business combination. 

We
may face difficulty identifying a viable business opportunity or negotiating or paying for any resulting business combination. Economic
factors that are beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic downturn, as well as increased competition
for acquisitions of operating entities that we expect to encounter as a result thereof, may hinder our efforts to locate and/or obtain
a business that is suitable for our business goals at a price we can afford and on terms that will enable us to sufficiently grow our
business to generate value to our shareholders. We have limited capital, and we may not be able to take advantage of any available business
opportunities on favorable terms or at all due to the limited availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient
capital to provide us with the necessary funds to successfully develop and implement our plan of operation or acquire a business we deem
to be appropriate or necessary to accomplish our objectives, in which case we may be forced to terminate our business plan and your investment
in the Company could become worthless. 

If
we are not successful in acquiring a new business and generating material revenues, investors will likely lose their investment. 

If
we are not successful in developing a viable business plan and acquiring a new business through which to implement it, our investors 
entire investment in the Company could become worthless. Even if we are successful in combining with or acquiring the assets of an operating
entity, we can provide no assurances that the Company will be able to generate significant revenue therefrom in the short-term or at
all or that investors will derive a profit from their investment. If we are not successful, our investors will likely lose their entire
investment. 

If
we cannot manage our growth effectively, we may not become profitable. 

Businesses,
including development-stage companies such as ours and/or any operating business or businesses we may acquire, often grow rapidly and
tend to have difficulty managing their growth. If we are able to acquire an operating business, we will likely need to expand our management
team and other key personnel by recruiting and employing experienced executives and key employees and/or consultants capable of providing
the necessary support. 

We
cannot assure you that our management will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. Our failure to meet these challenges
could cause us to lose money, and your investment could be lost. 

Because
we have limited capital, we may need to raise additional capital in the future by issuing debt or equity securities, the terms of which
may dilute our current investors and/or reduce or limit their liquidation or other rights. 

We
may require additional capital to acquire a business. We may not be able to obtain additional capital when required. Future business
development activities, as well as administrative expenses such as salaries, insurance, general overhead, legal and compliance expenses,
and accounting expenses will require a substantial amount of additional capital. The terms of securities we issue in future capital raising
transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include liquidation preferences, superior voting rights or the issuance
of other derivative securities, which could have a further dilutive effect on or subordinate the rights of our current investors. Any
additional capital raised through the sale of equity securities will likely dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Additionally,
any debt securities we issue would likely create a liquidation preference superior that of our current investors and, if convertible
into shares of Common Stock, would also pose the risk of dilution. 

5 

We
may be unable to obtain necessary financing if and when required. 

Our
ability to obtain financing, if and when necessary, may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both in general and in the
particular industry or industries in which we may choose to operate), our limited operating history and current lack of operations, the
national and global economies, and the condition of the market for microcap securities. Further, economic downturns such as the current
global depression caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase our requirements for capital, particularly if such economic downturn persists
for an extended period of time or after we have acquired an operating entity, and may limit or hinder our ability to obtain the funding
we require. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with any revenues we may generate from
future operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to discontinue our development or implementation
of a business plan, cancel our search for business opportunities, cease our operations, divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain
financing on unattractive terms. If any of the foregoing should happen, our shareholders could lose some or all of their investment. 

Because
we are still developing our business plan, we do not have any agreement for a business combination. 

We
have no current arrangement, agreement or understanding with respect to engaging in a business combination with any specific entity.
We may not be successful in identifying and evaluating a suitable acquisition candidate or in consummating a business combination. We
are neutral as to what industry or segment for any target company. We have not established specific metrics and criteria we will look
for in a target company, and if and when we do, we may face difficulty reaching a mutual agreement with any such entity, including in
light of market trends and forces beyond our control. Given our early-stage status, there is considerable uncertainty and therefore inherent
risk to investors that we will not succeed in developing and implementing a viable business plan. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our financial condition, future plans and results of operations. 

This
COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse effect on the economy in the United States and on most businesses. The Company is not
able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business; however, if the pandemic and government action in response
thereto impose limitations on our operations or result in a prolonged economic recession or depression, the Company s development
and implementation of its business plan and our ability to commence and grow our operations, as well as our ability to generate material
revenue therefrom, will be hindered, which would have a material negative impact on the Company s financial condition and results
of operations. 

Because
we are dependent upon CHENG, Sau Heung, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director to manage and oversee our Company, the loss of
her could adversely affect our plan and results of operations. 

We
currently have a sole director and officer, CHENG, Sau Heung, who manages the Company and is presently evaluating a viable plan for our
future operations. We will rely solely on her judgment in connection with selecting a target company and the terms and structure of any
resulting business combination. The loss of our Chief Executive Officer, could delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives,
which could have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations and financial position. Further, because CHENG, Sau Heung serves
as Chief Executive Officer and sole director, and also beneficially holds Preferred Stock, which if converted to common stock, represents
a controlling interest, our other shareholders will have limited ability to influence the Company s direction or management. 

In
addition, although not likely, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of a combination with
their business. The departure of a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and prospects of our post-combination
business. The role of a target s key personnel upon the completion of the transaction cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain or all members of a target s management team may remain associated with the target following a change
of control thereof, there can be no assurance that all of such target s management team will decide to remain in place. The loss
of key personnel, either before or after a business combination and including management of either us or a combined entity could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our business. 

6 

Risks
Related to a Potential Business Acquisition 

We
may encounter difficulty locating and consummating a business combination, including as a result of the competitive disadvantages we
have. 

We
expect to face intense competition in our search for a revenue-producing business to combine with or acquire. Given the current economic
climate, venture capital firms, larger companies, blank check companies such as special purpose acquisition companies and other investors
are purchasing operating entities or the assets thereof in high volumes and at relatively discounted prices. These parties may have greater
capital or human resources than we do and/or more experience in a particular industry within which we choose to search. Most of these
competitors have a certain amount of liquid cash available to take advantage of favorable market conditions for prospective business
purchaser such as those caused by the recent pandemic. Any delay or inability to locate, negotiate and enter into a business combination
as a result of the relative illiquidity of our current asset or other disadvantages we have relative to our competitors could cause us
to lose valuable business opportunities to our competitors, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
may expend significant time and capital on a prospective business combination that is not ultimately consummated. 

The
investigation of each specific target business and any subsequent negotiation and drafting of related agreements, SEC disclosure and
other documents will require substantial amounts of management s time and attention and material additional costs in connection
with outsourced services from accountants, attorneys, and other professionals. We will likely expend significant time and resources searching
for, conducting due diligence on, and negotiating transaction terms in connection with a proposed business combination that may not ultimately
come to fruition. In such event, all of the time and capital resources expended by the Company in such a pursuit may be lost and unrecoverable
by the Company or its shareholders. Unanticipated issues which may be beyond our control or that of the seller of the applicable business
may arise that force us to terminate discussions with a target company, such as the target s failure or inability to provide adequate
documentation to assist in our investigation, a party s failure to obtain required waivers or consents to consummate the transaction
as required by the inability to obtain the required audits, applicable laws, charter documents and agreements, the appearance of a competitive
bid from another prospective purchaser, or the seller s inability to maintain its operations for a sufficient time to allow the
transaction to close. Such risks are inherent in any search for a new business and investors should be aware of them before investing
in an enterprise such as ours. 

Conflicts
of interest may arise between us and our shareholders, directors, or management, which may have a negative impact on our ability to consummate
a business combination or favorable terms or generate revenue. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, CHENG, Sau Heung, is not required to commit her full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of
interest in allocating her time between managing the Company and other businesses in which she is or may be involved. We do not intend
to have any employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. CHENG, Sau Heung is not obligated to contribute any specific
number of hours to our affairs, and she may engage in other business endeavors while she provides consulting services to the Company.
If any of her other business affairs require her to devote substantial amounts of time to such matters, it could materially limit her
ability to devote her time and attention to our business which could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination
or generate revenue. 

It
is possible that we obtain an operating company in which a director or officer of the Company has an ownership interest in or that he
or she is an officer, director, or employee of. If we do obtain any business affiliated with an officer or director, such business combination
may be on terms other than what would be arrived at in an arms-length transaction. If any conflict of interest arises, it could adversely
affect a business combination or subsequent operations of the Company, in which case our shareholders may see diminished value relative
to what would have been available through a transaction with an independent third party. 

We
may engage in a business combination that causes tax consequences to us and our shareholders. 

Federal
and state tax consequences will, in all likelihood, be a significant factor in considering any business combination that we may undertake.
Under current federal law, such transactions may be subject to significant taxation to the buyer and its shareholders under applicable
federal and state tax laws. While we intend to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences
to the extent practicable in accordance with our business objectives, there can be no assurance that any business combination we undertake
will meet the statutory or regulatory requirements of a tax-free reorganization or similar favorable treatment or that the parties to
such a transaction will obtain the tax treatment intended or expected upon a transfer of equity interests or assets. A non-qualifying
reorganization, combination or similar transaction could result in the imposition of significant taxation, both at the federal and state
levels, which may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction, including our shareholders. 

7 

It
is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded any opportunity to evaluate or approve a business combination. 

It
is unlikely that our shareholders will be afforded the opportunity to evaluate and approve a proposed business combination. In most cases,
business combinations do not require shareholder approval under applicable law, and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not afford
our shareholders with the right to approve such a transaction. Further, CHENG, Sau Heung, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director,
beneficially holds Preferred Stock, which if converted to common stock, represents the vast majority of our outstanding Common Stock.
Accordingly, our shareholders will be relying almost exclusively on the judgement of our board of directors Board and
Chief Executive Officer and any persons on whom they may rely with respect to a potential business combination. In order to develop and
implement our business plan, may in the future hire lawyers, accountants, technical experts, appraisers, or other consultants to assist
with determining the Company s direction and consummating any transactions contemplated thereby. We may rely on such persons in
making difficult decisions in connection with the Company s future business and prospects. The selection of any such persons will
be made by our Board, and any expenses incurred or decisions made based on any of the foregoing could prove to be adverse to the Company
in hindsight, the result of which could be diminished value to our shareholders. 

Because
our search for a business combination is not presently limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses, prospective
investors will be unable to evaluate the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations until such time as they
are identified and disclosed. 

We
are still determining the Company s business plan, and we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating entity
in any number of industries or sectors. Because we have not yet entered into any letter of intent or agreement to acquire a particular
business, prospective investors currently have no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition, prospects or other metrics or qualities they deem appropriate
in considering to invest in the Company. Further, if we complete a business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business we acquire. For example, if we acquire a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
operating history, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a new business or a development stage entity.
Although our management intends to evaluate and weigh the merits and risks inherent in a particular target business and make a decision
based on the Company and its shareholders interests, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all the
significant risks inherent in a target business, that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence or that we will ultimately
acquire a viable business and generate material revenue therefrom. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to reduce the likelihood that those risks will adversely impact a target business or mitigate any harm to the
Company caused thereby. Should we select a course of action, or fail to select a course of action, that ultimately exposes us to unknown
or unidentified risks, our business will be harmed and you could lose some or all of your investment. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that are outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive opportunity for the Company. Although management intends to endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all the significant risks, or that we will accurately determine the actual value of a prospective operating entity to acquire.
In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s ability
to evaluate and make decisions on behalf of the Company may be limited, or we may make material expenditures on additional personnel
or consultants to assist management in the Company s operations. Investors should be aware that the information contained herein
regarding the areas of our management s expertise will not necessarily be relevant to an understanding of the business that we
ultimately elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risks
or strategic opportunities that may arise. Accordingly, any shareholders in the Company following a business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their shares, and any resulting loss will likely not be recoverable. 

8 

We
may attempt to complete a business combination with a private target company about which little information is available, and such target
entity may not generate revenue as expected or otherwise by compatible with us as expected. 

In
pursuing our search for a business to acquire, we will likely seek to complete a business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and the only information available to us prior to making a decision
may be from documents and information provided directly to us by the target company in connection with the transaction. Such documents
or information or the conclusions we draw therefrom could prove to be inaccurate or misleading. As such, we may be required to make our
decision on whether to pursue a potential business combination based on limited, incomplete, or faulty information, which may result
in our subsequent operations generating less revenue than expected, which could materially harm our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our
ability to assess the management of a prospective target business may be limited and, as a result, we may acquire a target business whose
management does not have the skills, qualifications, or abilities to enable a seamless transition, which could, in turn, negatively impact
our results of operations. 

When
evaluating the desirability of a potential business combination, our ability to assess the target business s management may be
limited due to a lack of time, resources, or information. Our management s assessment of the capabilities of the target s
management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities expected. Further,
in most cases the target s management may be expected to want to manage us and replace our Chief Executive Officer. Should the
target s management not possess the skills, qualifications, or abilities necessary to manage a public company or assist with their
former entity s merger or combination into ours, the operations and profitability of the post-acquisition business may be negatively
impacted and our shareholders could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. 

Any
business we acquire will likely lack diversity of operations or geographical reach, and in such case we will be subject to risks associated
with dependence on a single industry or region. 

Our
search for a business will likely be focused on entities with a single or limited business activity and/or that operate in a limited
geographic area. While larger companies have the ability to manage their risk by diversifying their operations among different industries
and regions, smaller companies such as ours and the entities we anticipate reviewing for a potential business combination generally lack
diversification, in terms of both the nature and geographic scope of their business. As a result, we will likely be impacted more acutely
by risks affecting the industry or the region in which we operate than we would if our business were more diversified. In addition to
general economic risks, we could be exposed to natural disasters, civil unrest, technological advances, and other uncontrollable developments
that will threaten our viability if and to the extent our future operations are limited to a single industry or region. If we do not
diversify our operations, our financial condition and results of operations will be at risk. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to us, may adversely affect our business, ability
to negotiate and complete a business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by federal, state, and local governments. In addition to SEC regulations, any business we
acquire in the future may be subject to substantial legal or regulatory oversight and restrictions, which could hinder our growth and
expend material amounts on compliance. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application by courts and administrative judges may also change from
time to time, and any such changes could be unfavorable to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments,
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could result
in material defense or remedial costs and/or damages have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

9 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Due
to factors beyond our control, our stock price may be volatile. 

There
is currently a limited market for our Common Stock, and there can be no guarantee that an active market for our Common Stock will develop,
even if we are successful in consummating a business combination. Recently, the price of our Common Stock has been volatile for no reason.
Further, even if an active market for our Common Stock develops, it will likely be subject to by significant price volatility when compared
to more seasoned issuers. We expect that the price of our Common Stock will continue to be more volatile than more seasoned issuers for
the foreseeable future. Fluctuations in the price of our Common Stock can be based on various factors in addition to those otherwise
described in this Report, including: 

General
 speculative fever; 

A
 prospective business combination and the terms and conditions thereof; 

The
 operating performance of any business we acquire, including any failure to achieve material revenues therefrom; 

The
 performance of our competitors in the marketplace, both pre- and post-combination; 

The
 public s reaction to our press releases, SEC filings, website content and other public announcements and information; 

Changes
 in earnings estimates of any business that we acquire or recommendations by any research analysts who may follow us or other companies
 in the industry of a business that we acquire; 

Variations
 in general economic conditions, including as may be caused by uncontrollable events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting
 decline in the economy; 

The
 public disclosure of the terms of any financing we disclose in the future; 

The
 number of shares of our Common Stock that are publicly traded in the future; 

Actions
 of our existing shareholders, including sales of Common Stock by our then directors and then executive officers or by significant
 investors; and 

The
 employment or termination of key personnel. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of whether we can consummate
a business combination and of our current or subsequent operating performance and financial condition. In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities
class action suit against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s time and attention, which would otherwise
be used to benefit our business. 

Because
trading in our Common Stock is so limited, investors who purchase our Common Stock may depress the market if they sell Common Stock. 

Our
Common Stock trades on the OTC Pink Market, the successor to the pink sheets. The OTC Pink Market generally is illiquid, and most stocks
traded there are of companies that are not required to file reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Our Common Stock itself infrequently
trades. 

10 

The
market price of our Common Stock may decline if a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock are sold at once or in large blocks. 

Presently
the market for our Common Stock is limited. If an active market for our shares develops in the future, some or all of our shareholders
may sell their shares of our Common Stock which may depress the market price. Any sale of a substantial number of these shares in the
public market, or the perception that such a sale could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, which could
reduce the value of the shares held by our other shareholders. 

Future
issuance of our Common Stock could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders, particularly in connection with an acquisition
and any resulting financing. 

We
may issue additional shares of our Common Stock in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of our Common Stock could substantially
dilute the interests of our shareholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of Common Stock in the public market, either
in the initial issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in a business combination which received our Common Stock as
consideration or by investors who has previously acquired such Common Stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common
Stock. 

Due
to recent changes to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our Common Stock may become subject to limitations or reductions
on stock price, liquidity, or volume. 

On
September 16, 2020, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ).
This Rule applies to broker-dealers who quote securities listed on over-the-counter markets such as our Common Stock. The Rule as amended
prohibits broker-dealers from publishing quotations on OTC markets for an issuer s securities unless they are based on current
publicly available information about the issuer. When it becomes effective, the amended Rule will also limit the Rule s piggyback 
exception, which allows broker-dealers to publish quotations for a security in reliance on the quotations of a broker-dealer that initially
performed the information review required by the Rule, to issuers with current publicly available information or issuers that are up-to-date
in their Exchange Act reports. As of this date, we are uncertain as what actual effect the Rule may have on us. 

The
Rule changes could harm the liquidity and/or market price of our Common Stock by either preventing our shares from being quoted or driving
up our costs of compliance. Because we are a voluntary filer under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and not a public reporting company,
the practical impact of these changes is to require us to maintain a level of periodic disclosure we are not presently required to maintain,
which would cause us to incur material additional expenses. Further, if we cannot or do not provide or maintain current public information
about our company, our stockholders may face difficulties in selling their shares of our Common Stock at desired prices, quantities,
or times, or at all, as a result of the amendments to the Rule. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company s principal business and corporate address is Room 2106, Beautiful Group Tower, 77 Connaught Road, Central, Hong Kong. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

11 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is not listed on any securities exchange and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol SSDT . Because
our Common Stock is not listed on a securities exchange and its quotations on OTC Pink are limited and sporadic, there is currently no
established public trading market for our Common Stock. 

Fiscal
 Year 2022 
 High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 2.05 
 2.05 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 2.05 
 2.05 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 2.05 
 2.05 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 2.80 
 2.05 

Fiscal
 Year 2021 
 High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.47 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.47 
 0.47 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 2.70 
 0.47 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 74 shareholders of record of the Company s Common Stock based upon the records of the shareholders
provided by the Company s transfer agent. The Company s transfer agent is Action Stock Transfer Corporation, with an address
at 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd., Suite 214, Salt Lake City, UT 84121, and telephone number is 801-274-1088. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

12 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The
Company has no operations or revenue as of the date of this Report. We are currently in the process of developing a business plan. Management
intends to explore and identify viable business opportunities, including seeking to acquire a business in a reverse merger. Our ability
to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond
our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies.
For more information about the risk of Covid-19 on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors . 

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company has no operations from a continuing business other than the expenditures related to running the Company and has no revenue from
continuing operations as of the date of this Report. 

Management
intends to explore and identify business opportunities, including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through a reverse merger,
asset purchase or similar transaction. Our ability to effectively identify, develop and implement a viable plan for our business may
be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without limitation, the continued negative effects of
the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item
1A Risk Factors . 

We
do not currently engage in any business activities that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring
costs in connection with investigating, evaluating, and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating
an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given
our limited capital resources, we may consider a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing
company or is otherwise in need of additional funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets, or
is an established business experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As
of the date of this Report, our management has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential
business combination. Any target business that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such
event, we expect to be subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity.
In addition, we may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our
management has limited experience, and, although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our
management anticipates that we will likely only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification
will likely pose a substantial risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential
losses from one venture or operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent
we acquire a business operating in a single industry or geographical region. 

We
anticipate that the selection of a business combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions,
including unfavorable conditions caused by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages
of available capital, management believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted
rates with which we will compete. We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different
industries or regions and at various stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and
analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have developed and begun to implement our business
plan, management intends to fund our working capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future issuances of
debt or equity securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a business plan
and commencement of operations. 

13 

Based
upon our current operations, we do not have sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able
to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties,
we cannot be certain as to how much capital we need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with
a reverse merger, we will be required to issue a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be
very dilutive. 

Additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might
have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective
new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports
with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in
their early stage of development. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model, recognition
of revenue sources, and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement, and successfully
execute our business and marketing strategy, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, which are included herein. 

Our
operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are
summarized as follows: 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating
 expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 
 (62,301 
 (282,811 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 (62,301 
 (282,811 
 
 Other
 income 
 8,333,679 
 - 
 
 Income
 (Loss) from operations before income taxes 
 8,271,378 
 (282,811 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 
 8,271,378 
 (282,811 

Weighted
 average number of ordinary shares, Basic and diluted 
 603,970,000 
 603,970,000 
 
 Earnings
 per share, Basic and diluted 
 0.01 
 (0.00 

14 

Comparison
of the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

Revenues
were 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
general and administrative expenses increased from 282,811 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 62,301 for the year ended December
31, 2022. The decrease was mainly attributed to the absence of the stock-based compensation to
previous management in satisfaction of a judgement and for services performed for the Company. 

Other
Income 

As
a result of Order barring unasserted claims and terminating receivership in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-21-827642-F, the claimants
and creditors of the Company are barred from presenting claims and debts against the Company which arose on or before the date of the
Order. The deconsolidate the foreign subsidiary which result in gain of 8,333,679 during the year. 

Net
Income (Loss) 

The
Company has net loss of 282,811 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to net income of 8,271,378 for the year ended December
31, 2022. The increase was mainly attributed to the gain on deconsolidation of foreign subsidiary
 during the year. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
the inception of the Company, we have incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net income of 8,271,378 and net loss of 282,811, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an
accumulated deficit of 998,702. As discussed in our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, these factors raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
at December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 0. To date, we have financed our operations principally through borrowings
from our related parties. Depending on our future operational results, we may need to conduct one or more equity or debt financings within
the next 12 months. 

We
could potentially need our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect, and we may incur additional indebtedness to
meet future financing needs. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, although
we anticipate being able to obtain additional financing through non-dilutive means, we may be unable to do so. Our failure to raise capital
as and when needed could have significant negative consequences for our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 64,973 and 32,189, respectively. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 64,973 and 32,189, respectively. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent registered public accounting firm auditors report accompanying our December 31, 2022 financial statements contained
an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates that we will realize our assets
and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

15 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

December
31, 2021 

Page 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Atlantis Glory Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Atlantis Glory Inc. (formerly known as Shengshi Elevator International Holding Group,
Inc.) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the Board of Directors (Those Charged with Governance) that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there
are no critical matters. 

/s/

JP
Centurion Partners PLT 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 17, 2023 

PCAOB
ID: 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Shengshi Elevator International Holding Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Shengshi Elevator International Holding Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, the related
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ 

BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

We
 served as the Company s auditor from 2021 to 2022 

March
15, 2022 

F- 3 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

Balance
Sheets 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

(Audited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 Asset 

Current
 Asset 

Prepayment 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Current Asset 
 
 - 

Total
 Asset 
 
 - 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficit 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 
 - 

Advance
 from customers 
 - 

Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Amount
 due to a director 
 
 - 
 
 Amount
 due to third parties 
 - 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current
 Liabilities 

Long
 term payable 
 - 

Lease
 liability 
 - 

Total
 Non-current Liabilities 
 - 

Total
 Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Preferred
 stock par value, shares authorized, and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Common
 Stock par value, shares authorized, shares and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Income 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Total
 revenue, net 
 - 
 - 

Operating
 expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income 

Gain
 on deconsolidation of foreign subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 other income 
 
 - 

Income/(Loss)
 from operations before income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income/(loss) 

Weighted
 average number of ordinary shares 

Basic
 and diluted 

Earnings
 per share 

Basic
 and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

Statements
of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of preferred shares for services to related party 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income(loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows From Operating Activities 

Net
 income/(loss) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 

Effect
 of deconsolidation of foreign subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepayment 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activity 

Proceeds
 from related parties 

Net
 cash provided by financing activity 

Net
 (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of year 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 7 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the ownership interest of Shengshi International was
exchanged for shares of common stock of Shengshi Holding. The former stockholders of Shengshi International acquired a majority
of the issued and outstanding common stock as a result of the share exchange transaction. 

The
following is the organization structure of Shengshi International along with ownership detail and its subsidiaries: 

Shengshi
Shengshun (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. Shengshi Hong Kong ), was established in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
People s Republic of China (the PRC on September 18, 2018. 

Shengshi
Yinghe (Shenzhen) Technology Co. Ltd. was established as a wholly foreign owned enterprise on November 08, 2018 under the laws of the
PRC. 

Shenzhen
Shengshi Elevator Co., Ltd. Shenzhen Shengshi was incorporated on April 2, 2014 under the laws of the PRC. Shenzhen Shengshi
is an elevator provider company and provides one-stop service to its customers. 

Sichuan
Shengshi Elevator Technology Co., Ltd. Sichuan Shengshi was incorporated on July 13, 2018 under the laws of the PRC.
Sichuan Shengshi is a wholly owned subsidiary of Shenzhen Shengshi, which has the same business scope and offers similar products and
services as Shenzhen Shengshi. 

The
Company has been dormant since May 14, 2020. 

On
May 18, 2021, as a result of a receivership in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-21-827642-F, David Lazar was appointed receiver of
the Company. Receiver David Lazar was granted the authority to rehabilitate the Company, including but not limited to the reinstatement
or revival of the Company s corporate charter with the Nevada Secretary of State, to prepare and file all documents as reasonably
necessary to comply with Rule 15c2-11 of the Securities Act of 1934, to collect the debts and property belonging to the Company, to compromise
and settle with any debtor of the Company, to prosecute and defend lawsuits in the name of the Company, to do all other acts as might
be done by the Company, to do all other acts as may be reasonable or necessary to continue the business of the Company, and to appoint
agents for the exercise of these duties. Receiver David Lazar saw no possibility of recovering any assets located in China and accessing
any information of subsidiaries. The subsidiaries in China were deconsolidated. 

On
September 8, 2021, as a result of Order barring unasserted claims and terminating receivership in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number:
A-21-827642-F, the claimants and creditors of the Company were barred from presenting claims and debts against the Company which arose
on or before the date of the Order. 

On
July 28, 2021 the Company designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value of . These shares were awarded
to Custodian Ventures managed by David Lazar in satisfaction of a judgement in the amount of and for services performed for
the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock was valued at and was based on the current market pricing for a shell company of this
nature. 

On
December 22, 2021, a Stock Purchase Agreement was entered into between NYJJ (Hong Kong) Limited (the Seller and Atlantis
Glory Company Limited (the Purchaser ), whose controlling person is Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung, wherein the Purchaser purchased
 shares of Series A Preferred Shares, par value per share (the Shares ), of Shengshi Elevator International
Holding Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ). As a result, the Purchaser became an approximately holder
of the voting rights of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company, on a fully-diluted basis, and became the controlling shareholder.
The consideration paid for the Shares was . The source of the cash consideration for the Shares was personal fund of the controlling
person of Purchaser. 

On
January 3, 2022, the sole officer and director of the Company, David Lazar, tendered his resignations as Director, President, Chief Executive
Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer of the Company, and appointed Ms. CHENG, Sau Heung as new President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary,
Treasurer, and Director of the Company, effective January 5, 2022. 

On
March 28, 2022, Shengshi Elevator International Holding Group, Inc. (the Company ), amended its articles of incorporation,
changing its name to Atlantis Glory Inc. (the Name Change ). The change was made in anticipation of entering into a new
line of business operations. Market effective February
28, 2023, the Company changed its stock ticker symbol from SSDT to AGLY (the Symbol Change ). The Company s name change
and symbol change were announced by FINRA in their daily list on February 27, 2023. 

The
Company s year-end is December 31. 

F- 8 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than percent likely of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. The Company assesses the validity of its conclusions regarding uncertain tax positions quarterly to determine if facts or
circumstances have arisen that might cause it to change its judgment regarding the likelihood of a tax position s sustainability
under audit. 

- in cash and cash equivalents. The Company has net income of for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and has negative working capital of and accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022. Losses have
principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for professional fees and general and administrative expenses
associated with our operations. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon the continued
financial support from its stockholders or external financing. Management believes the existing stockholders will provide the additional
cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful
in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. The Company may raise additional capital through the sale of
its equity securities, or through borrowings from financial institutions and related parties. Management believes that the actions presently
being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going
concern. 

and in liabilities on the Company s balance sheet. As of December
31, 2022, the balance included in-demand loans advanced to the Company by CHENG, Sau Heung, the Company s CEO. As a result
of Order barring unasserted claims and terminating receivership in Clark County, Nevada, Case Number: A-21-827642-F, the claimants and
creditors of the Company are barred from presenting claims and debts against the Company which arose on or before the date of the Order. 

shares of par value, common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

ATLANTIS
GLORY INC. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Preferred
Stock 

On
July 28, 2021, the Company designated shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value of . These shares were awarded
to Custodian Ventures managed by David Lazar in satisfaction of a judgment for and services performed for the Company. The Series
A Preferred Stock was valued at and was based on the current market pricing for a shell company of this nature. These shares
have the following rights: 

Dividend
Provisions . 

Subject
to the rights of any existing series of Preferred Stock or to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock which may from time to time
hereafter come into existence, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, out of any assets
legally available therefor, upon any payment of any dividend (payable other than in Common Stock or other securities and rights convertible
into or entitling the holder thereof to receive, directly or indirectly, additional shares of Common Stock of the Corporation) on the
Common Stock of the Corporation, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, as if the Series A Preferred Stock had been converted
into Common Stock. 

Liquidation
Preference. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the
Corporation to the holders of Common Stock, or any other series or class of common stock of the Corporation, whether now in existence
or hereafter created by an amendment to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation or by a certificate of designation. 

Conversion . 

The
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, shall have conversion rights as follows (the Conversion Rights ): (a) Right to
Convert. Subject to Section 4(c), the holder of issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert
the Series A Preferred Stock, at the option of the holder(s) thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such shares, at the office
of the Corporation or any transfer agent for such stock, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock that
are equal to ninety percent ), post conversion, of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation,
as if all i) Series A Preferred Stock, ii) other issued and outstanding classes or series of common or preferred stock of the Corporation
convertible into Common Stock of the Corporation, and iii) outstanding warrants, notes, indentures and/or other instruments, obligations
or securities convertible into Common Stock of the Corporation are converted (the Conversion Shares ), with the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock so converted to be converted into the number of common shares equal to the Conversion Shares multiplied by the
quotient of the number of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock converted by a holder divided by the number of all Series A Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

F- 11 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer
or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has
concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. 

The
 Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

The
 Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

We
plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for
our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger
or similar business acquisition. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
have been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year December 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

16 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the names and positions of our executive officers and directors. Directors will be elected at our annual meeting
of stockholders and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by the Board and their
terms of office are, except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 CHENG,
 Sau Heung 
 
 39 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 
 (Appointed on January 5, 2022) 

CHENG,
Sau Heung 

Ms.
CHENG, Sau Heung, age 39, is a businessperson who has been the executive member of multiple companies in the field of finance and corporate
services; namely: Director, Shareholder Secretary of Goodwill Professional Consultant Limited since 2020.; President, CEO, CFO,
Director Secretary of Atlantis Glory Company Limited since 2021.; President, CEO, CFO, Director Secretary of Atlantis Glory
Group Limited (BVI) since 2021; Director at China Oil Gang Xin Holdings Financial Limited (Seychelles) since 2019; Company Secretary
at Ever Fountain Asset Management Limited since 2019; Secretary at APLUS Fund Services Limited since 2019; Secretary at APLUS Holdings
Group LTD (Seychelles) since 2019; Secretary at AGENIUS LIMITED since 2021; Secretary at AGENIUS Holdings Limited since 2021; Executive
Assistant to Managing Director of AYASA GLOBO since 2018, handled the Merger and Acquisition with Prosperous Future Holdings Limited
(SEHK: 1259) in 2020; In 2018, Ms. Cheng previously acted as Deputy Money Laundering Reporting Officer (DMLRO) of different private equity
funds specialising in advice and guidance on AML Regulations. 

Ms.
CHENG, Sau Heung currently acts as the President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director of Atlantis Glory Inc.,
specialising in business growth, profitable growth and marketing. 

Election
of Directors and Officers 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have
been elected and qualified. 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have any committees of the Board as we only have one director. 

17 

Director
Independence 

We
do not currently have any independent directors. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace
Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

We
have chosen to combine the Chief Executive Officer and Board Chairman positions since one person is our sole officer and director. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics due to the Company s size and lack of employees. 

Legal
Proceedings Involving Directors and Executive Officers 

During
the past ten years no current or incoming director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company has been involved in
the following: 

(1)
A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or
similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
at or within two years before the time of such filing 

(2)
Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
and other minor offenses) 

(3)
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i.
Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing,
or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment
company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with such activity 

ii.
Engaging in any type of business practice or 

iii.
Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of
Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws 

(4)
Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity 

(5)
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or
vacated 

(6)
Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated 

(7)
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i.
Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation Or 

ii.
Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease and desist order, or removal or
prohibition order Or 

iii.
Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity Or 

(8)
Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has
disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

18 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following information is related to the compensation paid, distributed, or accrued by us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) during the last fiscal year and the two other most highly compensated executive
officers serving as of the end of the last fiscal year whose compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ): 

We
did not pay any compensation to our Chief Executive Officers (the Named Executive Officers during the last two fiscal
years. 

Named
Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

Termination
Provisions 

As
of the date of this Report, we have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments
to a Named Executive Officer at, following, or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance,
retirement or a constructive termination of a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named
Executive Officer s responsibilities, with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

As
of December 31, 2022, none of our Named Executive Officers held any unexercised options, stock that have not vested, or other equity
incentive plan awards. 

Director
Compensation 

As
of the date of this Report, we have not paid our director any compensation for services on our Board. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
Company does not have any securities authorized for issuance or outstanding under an equity compensation plan or equity compensation
grants made outside of such a plan. 

19 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock as of December 31,
2022, by (i) each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of any classes of outstanding Common Stock, (ii)
each director of the Company, (iii) each of the Chief Executive Officers and the executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive
Officers and (iv) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group based upon 603,970,000 shares outstanding. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owners 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 
 Amount
 and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Percent
 of Class 

CHENG,
 Sau Heung (ii)(iii) 
 ROOM 2106, BEAUTIFUL GROUP 
 TOWER,
 77 CONNAUGHT ROAD, 
 CENTRAL,
 HONG KONG 
 
 Common
 stock 

- 

- 

DIRECTORS
 AND OFFICERS TOTAL 
 (One Officer and Director) (iv) 
 
 Common
 stock 

- 

- 

5 
 or Greater Shareholders (i) 

Jin
 Xukai 
 E97304268 
 GROUP 7 DADING BRIDGE VILLAGE 
 CHONGLI
 TOWN, 
 MEISHAN, SICHUAN CHINA 620010 
 
 Common
 stock 

60,000,000 

9.9 

ZHANG
 BAOZHU 
 E38373369 
 RM
 605 2ND UNIT 4TH BLDG 
 BEIJING
 ONE TONGZHOU 
 BEIJING,
 CHINA 101100 
 
 Common
 stock 

90,000,000 

14.9 

ZHANG
 LINA 
 E27733748 
 RM
 1610 B2 BLDG DUNBEI YISHAN 
 XIAOZHU
 DALANG ST 
 SHENZHEN,
 GUANGDONG CHINA 
 518000 
 
 Common
 stock 

229,620,000 

38.0 

LI
 YING 
 RM
 405 LANGKOU FIRST DIST 
 DALANG
 ST LONGHUA 
 SHENZHEN,
 GUANGDONG CHINA 518000 
 
 Common
 stock 

120,000,000 

19.9 

Atlantis
 Glory Company Limited (a) 
 ROOM
 2106, BEAUTIFUL GROUP 
 TOWER, 77 CONNAUGHT ROAD, 
 CENTRAL, HONG KONG 
 
 Series
 A Preferred Stock 

10,000,000 

100 

(a) 
 Ms.
 CHENG, Sau Heung is the sole shareholder of Atlantis Glory Company Limited. 

20 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had not entered into any transactions with our sole officer or director, or persons nominated
for these positions, beneficial owners of 5 or more of our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved
in the transaction or a series of similar transactions exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets for the
last three fiscal years. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

JP
Centurion Partners PLT 

ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 fees 
 17,300 
 - 
 
 Audit-related
 fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 17,300 
 - 

BF
Borgers CPA PC 

ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 fees 
 16,200 
 5,400 
 
 Audit-related
 fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 16,200 
 5,400 

The
category of Audit fees includes fees for our annual audit, quarterly reviews and services rendered in connection with regulatory
filings with the SEC, such as the issuance of comfort letters and consents. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the financial
statements of the Company were audited by JP Centurion Partners PLT and BF Borgers CPA PC, respectively. 

The
category of Audit-related fees includes employee benefit plan audits, internal control reviews and accounting consultation. 

The
category of Tax services includes tax compliance, tax advice, tax planning. 

The
category of All other fees generally includes advisory services related to accounting rules and regulations. 

All
of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board
of directors. 

21 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (furnished herewith) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (furnished herewith) 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (furnished herewith) 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

ATLANTIS
 GLORY INC. 

Dated:
 March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 CHENG, Sau Heung 

CHENG,
 Sau Heung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
CHENG, Sau Heung, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Atlantis Glory Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 CHENG, Sau Heung 

CHENG,
 Sau Heung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and 

Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Atlantis Glory Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, CHENG, Sau Heung, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

Dated:
 March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 CHENG, Sau Heung 

CHENG,
 Sau Heung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and 

Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 ssdt-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 ssdt-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 ssdt-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ssdt-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

