<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1896212_0001493152-23-009306.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4971998</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>479952</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>846336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1629404</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>885509</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1009122</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009306.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328170458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001896212
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				873272543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41245
		FILM NUMBER:		23770454

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4995 MURPHY CANYON ROAD, SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 471 8536

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4995 MURPHY CANYON ROAD, SUITE 300
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009306.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Not
Applicable 

 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As of March 27, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, and shares of Class B common stock,
 0.0001 par value, of the Company issued and outstanding. The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was 
based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 21 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 56 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 56 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 56 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 56 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 63 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 64 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 65 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 70 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 74 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 75 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary. Signatures. 
 76 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this annual report on Form 10-K, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

A.G.P are to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners; 

common stock are to our shares of Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior
to our initial public offering; 

initial public offering are to our offering of units that was consummated on February 7, 2022, with each unit consisting
of one share of Class A common stock and one public warrant for total gross proceeds of 132.25 million, 

initial stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering
(or their permitted transferees); 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

private placement are to the private placement of 754,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate
purchase price of 7,540,000, which occurred immediately prior to our initial public offering; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether
they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to
the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s
and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are
purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market, including warrants that may be acquired by our sponsor or
its affiliates in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

representative are to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, which was the representative of the underwriters in our initial
public offering; 

sponsor are to Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC., a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Presidio Property Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation whose securities are publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC under the
trading symbols SQFT , SQFTP and SQFTW 

underwriters are to the underwriters of our initial public offering, for which A.G.P. acted as representative; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the warrants included in the placement
units and any warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders or
their permitted transferees; and 

we, us, company or our company are to Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities
laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses in our target industry or otherwise; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination in our target industry or otherwise, such as the proposed combination with Conduit
 Pharmaceuticals Limited, or the Conduit Business Combination 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses in the real estate industry, including construction,
 homebuilding, real estate owners and operators, arrangers of financing, insurance, and other services for real estate, and adjacent
 businesses and technologies targeting the real estate space, which we may refer to as Proptech businesses; 

iii 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy.
The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in
combination with other events or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect a business combination, and may have an adverse
effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

the
 requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses
 leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential
 business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadlines; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may
 only receive approximately 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution (as defined below) less any tax
 obligations, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless; 

a
 determination that we are an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 

a
 potential business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow
 or earnings; 

issuance
 of debt securities, or otherwise incurring substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination; 

dependence
 on key personnel; 

the
 delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

conflicts
 of interest between us, our sponsor and our officers and directors; 

lack
 of protections afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

shares
 being redeemed and warrants becoming worthless; 

our
 competitors with advantages over us in seeking business combinations; 

ability
 to obtain additional financing; 

our
 initial stockholders controlling a substantial interest in us; 

warrants 
 and founder shares adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

disadvantageous
 timing for redeeming warrants; 

adverse
 effect of registration rights on the market price of our common stock; 

the
 impact of COVID-19 and related risks; 

business
 combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes
 in laws or regulations; tax consequences to business combinations; and 

exclusive
 forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or the certificate of incorporation. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

We
are a recently organized blank check company incorporated on October 19, 2021 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or
more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
February 7, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering of an aggregate of 13,225,000 units, including full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit. The gross proceeds of the offering were 132.25 million. Simultaneously with the consummation
of the initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 754,000 units to the sponsor, which amount included 69,000 private
placement units purchased by the sponsor in connection with the underwriters exercise of their overallotment option in full, at
a price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately 7.54 million. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 7, 2022, an amount of 139,790,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account. This resulted in an overfunding of the Trust
Account of 4,895,000. As such, subsequent to the initial funding of the Trust Account, 2,000,000 was transferred to the Company s
operating cash account and 2,895,000 was used to pay offering costs. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account that may be released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), the funds held
in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination,
(b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain
amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering or up to February 7, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination, at our election by separate one month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the
deposit of approximately 77,000 for each one month extension, into the Trust Account or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable
to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering or up to February
7, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, at our election by separate one month extensions, subject
to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of approximately 77,000 for each one month extension, into the Trust Account,
subject to applicable law. 

Merger
Agreement with Conduit Pharmaceuticals Limited 

The
following description of the Merger Agreement and related agreements does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Merger Agreement and related agreements. Our stockholders and other interested
parties are urged to read such agreements in their entirety. 

On
November 8, 2022, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (together with an amendment entered into on January 27, 2023, the Merger
Agreement with Conduit Pharmaceuticals Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Conduit and Conduit Merger
Sub, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and our wholly owned subsidiary. If the Merger Agreement is approved by our stockholders
and the transactions under the Merger Agreement are consummated, Merger Sub will merge with and into Conduit, with Conduit surviving
the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the Merger ). Upon the closing of the Merger, it is anticipated that we will
change our name to Conduit Pharmaceuticals Inc. Our board of directors has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger
Agreement, the related ancillary agreements thereto and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval
of the Merger Agreement and related transactions by our stockholders. 

1 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, the outstanding ordinary shares (including the shares issued upon conversion of all outstanding convertible
debt, which conversion shall have occurred prior to the consummation of the Merger Agreement) of Conduit will be converted into an aggregate
of 65,000,000 shares of our newly issued common stock, with each such outstanding Conduit ordinary share (including the ordinary shares
issued upon conversion of all outstanding convertible debt, which conversion shall have occurred prior to the consummation of the Merger
Agreement) converted into newly issued shares of our common stock on a pro rata basis. 

In
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription
Agreement with an investor. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the investor has agreed to purchase 27 million (the Private
Placement units of our securities, with each unit consisting of (i) one share of common stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase
one share of common stock, for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit. The Subscription Agreement contains registration rights, pursuant
to which within 15 business days after the closing, we will use reasonable best efforts to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC a registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common stock included in the units
and issued and issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The closing of the Private Placement is conditioned on, among other things, the
closing of the Conduit Business Combination. 

January
2023 Extension 

Initially,
we were required to complete our initial business combination transaction by 12 months from the consummation of our initial public
offering or up to 18 months if we extended the period of time to consummate a business combination in accordance with our
Certificate of Incorporation Business Combination Period ). On January 26, 2023, at a special meeting of our stockholders, our stockholders approved a proposal
to amend our certificate of incorporation to allow us to extend, at our election, the date by which we have to consummate a business
combination up to 12 times, each such extension for an additional one month period, from February 7, 2023, to February 7, 2024. Our
stockholders also approved a related proposal to amend the trust agreement allowing us to deposit into the Trust Account, for each
one-month extension, one-third of 1 of the funds remaining in the Trust Account following the redemptions made in connection with
the approval of the extension proposal at the special meeting. At the special meeting our stockholders also approved a proposal to
amend our certificate of incorporation to expand the methods that we may employ to not become subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC. 

In
connection with such proposals, our public stockholders had the right to redeem their shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of
the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two days prior to such stockholder vote. Our public stockholders holding 11,037,272
shares of Class A common stock (out of a total of 13,979,000 shares of Class A common stock) exercised their right to redeem such shares
at a redemption price of approximately 10.33 per share. Approximately 114 million in cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay
such stockholders and, accordingly, after giving effect to such redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately 23 million. 

As
a result of the approval of such proposals, we agreed to deposit into the trust account one-third of 1 of the funds then on deposit
in the trust account for each month of the extension period, resulting in a monthly contribution of approximately 0.035 per share that
was not redeemed in connection with the Special Meeting (approximately 77,000 in the aggregate per month), or an aggregate of 924,000
(the Maximum Contribution if the date we have to consummate a business combination is extended 12 times, each assuming
no interest is earned on the funds in the trust account. 

Investment
Thesis and Strategy 

To
date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, as well as activities related to our initial public offering and investigating
potential business combinations. As of the date of this report, we anticipate that we will consummate the Merger Agreement. While we
have entered into the Merger Agreement with Conduit, in the event we are unable to consummate the Conduit Business Combination, we will
continue to pursue another business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any stage of our corporate
evolution or in any industry or sector, we intend to focus our search on identifying businesses in the real estate industry, including
construction, homebuilding, real estate owners and operators, arrangers of financing, insurance, and other services for real estate,
and adjacent businesses and technologies targeting the real estate space, which we may refer to as Proptech businesses.
We define Proptech businesses broadly as those applying innovative digital technologies and technology-enhanced services and solutions
to the identification, design, development, construction, operation, underwriting, acquisition, leasing, financing, management and disposition
of real estate properties. Leveraging our sponsor s management team and directors deep and global real estate expertise
and extensive network of relationships, we intend to identify innovative companies that have the potential to disrupt different aspects
of the real estate industry or related industries and to transform how stakeholders relate to real estate in the future. These stakeholders
include brokers, investors, lenders, operators, municipalities, service providers, owners, residents and tenants. Our sponsor and management
team have a proven track record in identifying opportunities in the real estate industry that have generated attractive risk-adjusted
returns. 

2 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that complements the experience of our
management team and that can benefit from their and our sponsor s operational expertise. Our selection process will leverage our
management teams broad and deep relationship network, unique industry experiences and proven deal sourcing capabilities to access
a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. The businesses we seek to acquire offer innovative software, hardware, products, operations
or services that are technologically equipped to improve property ownership; property financing; property transactions; property valuation;
property operations; property management; leasing; property insurance; real estate asset management and investment management; and design,
construction and development. Our management team will seek to leverage their access to proprietary deal flow, sourcing capabilities
and network of industry contacts to generate business combination opportunities. 

Consistent
with this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
targets. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Property
 Technology . We will seek to focus our search on identifying transformative, technology-driven businesses targeting the real estate
 sector that can benefit from the leading brand, operational expertise and global network of our sponsor and management team in the
 real estate industry. Our management team has developed significant experience at Presidio Property Trust, Inc. in evaluating transaction
 candidates across many stages of the real estate investment and business life cycles, and we will seek to capitalize on that multifaceted
 expertise in sourcing and assessing potential business combination targets. 

Value
 Creation . We intend to focus our efforts on identifying one or more later-stage businesses that we believe have significant potential
 for attractive risk-adjusted returns for shareholders, weighing potential growth opportunities and operational improvements in the
 target business against any identified downside risks. 

Growth
 Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth
 through a combination of organic growth, potential to leverage competitive advantages and innovation through our expertise and scale
 as a vertically integrated real estate platform. 

Benefit
 From Presidio Property, Inc. s Proven Platform. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that we believe will benefit
 from Presidio Property, Inc. s differentiated industry network, brand and proprietary value-creation capabilities in order
 to improve financial performance and business planning. 

Competitive
 Position . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, including
 the potential to disrupt the market through technology driven transformation, defensible proprietary technology, strong adoption
 rates, and low or manageable risks of technological obsolescence. 

Management
 Team. We will seek to invest in one or more businesses that have proven management teams with a compelling strategy of selling
 their product and recruiting talent. 

3 

Benefit
 from Being a Public Company. We intend to invest in one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly listed and can
 effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile to grow and accelerate shareholder value creation. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that
we would file with the SEC. 

Competitive
Strengths 

In
the event the Conduit Business Combination is not consummated, we intend to capitalize on the following competitive advantages in our
pursuit of a target company or companies: 

Leadership
 of an Experienced Management Team . 

We
 believe our management team will provide us with a significant pipeline of opportunities from which to evaluate potential business
 combinations. Our management team provides a combination of a proprietary sourcing network and deep industry, mergers and acquisition,
 and capital markets expertise. 

Our
management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer CEO Jack K. Heilbron, who has over 40 years of experience in real
estate due diligence, mergers and acquisitions, and real estate management. He has previously served as a director of an investment company
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. We believe that his business acumen and experience, which demonstrate his ability
to identify opportunities and enhance value, will help facilitate our business acquisition strategy. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer CFO ), Adam Sragovicz, has over 25 years of experience in treasury and investment analysis, equity
and debt management, strategic risk and reward analysis as well as portfolio management. We believe that Mr. Sragovicz brings a unique
background to oversee the Company s accounting and financial reporting matters through a wealth of experience in SEC reporting,
finance, accounting, and building and integrating internal control structures in high growth environments which will provide accurate
and reliable financial and operations reporting and internal control structures for successfully acquired domestic and international
acquisition targets. 

Ed
Bentzen, our Chief Accounting Officer CAO ), brings over 18 years of professional experience in accounting and finance
for both public and private companies, including seven years of experience in SEC reporting, control processing experience at publicly
traded companies]. We believe that Mr. Bentzen s expertise in financial reporting will prove invaluable in evaluating acquisition
targets and ensuring a smooth business combination process. 

Access
 to established and proven solution . We believe the business relationships with our sponsor s corporate parent, Presidio
 Property Trust, Inc., will provide significant value enhancement to acquisition targets from both daily human capital management
 and cost efficiency perspectives. 

Established
 Deal Sourcing Network . We believe the strong track record of our management team will provide access to quality initial business
 combination partners. In addition, through our management team, we believe we have contacts and sources from which to generate acquisition
 opportunities and possibly seek complementary follow-on business arrangements. These contacts and sources include those in private
 and public companies, private equity and venture capital funds, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants. 

4 

Status
 as a Publicly Listed Acquisition Company . We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner
 to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
 initial public offering process. We believe that some target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive,
 while offering greater certainty of execution, than the traditional initial public offering process. During an initial public offering,
 there are typically underwriting fees and marketing expenses, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore,
 once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target
 business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability
 to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe
 our target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned
 with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. 

A.G.P.
 Brings Deal Flow and Extensive Understanding of Capital Markets and Public Market Investors. We will be supported by A.G.P.
 and its team of investment banking professionals, each of whom have meaningful transaction experience, including corporate finance,
 mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt capital markets, strategic consulting, and operations. A.G.P. has developed an extensive
 network of contacts and corporate relationships which we believe will provide us with an important source of initial business combination
 opportunities as well as assistance with potential future financing needs. A.G.P. is a leading advisor to public company boards of
 directors and executives, including technology companies, on matters of public markets capital raising, corporate strategy, and M A.
 We believe that the significant knowhow of A.G.P. will allow us to effectively gauge target companies that possess a readiness for
 being public, as well as to support their executives in the process of going public. 

Industry
Opportunity 

While
we may acquire a business or businesses in any industry, in the event the Conduit Business Combination is not consummated, our focus
will be on companies in the real estate industry, including construction, homebuilding, real estate owners and operators, arrangers of
financing, insurance, and other services for real estate, and adjacent businesses and technologies targeting the real estate space, which
we may refer to as Proptech businesses. We believe that our target industry is attractive for a number of reasons, including
the following: 

Large
Addressable Market . Real estate investment represents a significant segment of the global economy. Global real estate was worth over
 280 trillion (by asset value), larger than equity, debt, or gold (combined), and more than 3.5 times the total global gross domestic
product in 2017, according to Savills Inc. According to Forbes, real estate contributed 3.5 trillion to the U.S. gross domestic product
in 2018. Within the real estate industry, Proptech businesses have a large addressable market targeting landlords, tenants, developers,
operators, managers, brokers, investors, lenders, architects, engineers, and general contractors. We believe the acquisition of one or
more Proptech businesses can serve as a platform for expansion, both organically and through further acquisitions. 

Innovative
Technology Trends . Real estate has traditionally been a human capital and resource-intensive sector, but technology has become a
strategic imperative as owners seek ways to increase the efficiency of their assets. We believe new technologies that create efficiencies
in the value chain will reduce transaction costs and improve information flow. Innovation is being driven by increased rates of technology
adoption, provided by both incumbent firms and disruptive new entrants that are building vertical solutions and new consumer-facing technologies
for the real estate industry. Examples of innovative technology trends driving technological transformation in the real estate sector
include: artificial intelligence and machine learning, data and analytics, cloud technologies, the Internet of Things, virtual and augmented
reality, financial and mortgage technologies, 5G, automation and robotics, 3D printing, and modular construction. Digital transformation
has also enabled new business models including iBuying, co-working, flexible warehousing, and crowdfunding. 

Accelerating
Market Growth . Over the last two decades, Proptech has evolved from tools and platforms that facilitated enhanced information transparency
to more robust and innovative technologies that can drive meaningful operational efficiencies and safety enhancements. The total global
investment in Proptech businesses has grown at a pace substantially above the rate of inflation in the recent past, with approximately
 66 billion invested in Proptech since 2010, of which approximately 63 billion has been invested since 2015 and approximately 43 billion
since 2018. We expect this growth to continue over the years to come, given the increased rates of technology adoption we are seeing
in the real estate industry. 

5 

Broad
Universe of Potential Targets . We currently intend to focus our investment effort broadly across Proptech businesses, although we
may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or geographic region. We believe that our investment and operating expertise in
the real estate industry and across multiple asset classes and geographies will offer us a large, addressable universe of potential targets.
The diversity of the target universe and the number of largely uncorrelated sub-sectors maximizes the likelihood that our management
team will identify and execute an attractive transaction. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. In the event that the Conduit Business Combination is not consummated, we will use these criteria and guidelines in
evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does
not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to focus on companies that provide value-added services that we believe: 

have
 market leadership positions in their respective products and services; 

have
 an attractive risk profile, including revenues under long-term contracts and/or a strong backlog of business; 

have
 attractive organic and inorganic growth opportunities which may be accelerated with our expertise and/or access to a public listing; 

can
 benefit from an improved capital structure or streamlined ownership structure; 

would
 benefit from a relationship with a public company; and 

offer
 an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders. 

We
intend to seek targets with an aggregate combined enterprise value of approximately 300 million to 1.2 billion, based upon widely accepted
valuation standards and methodologies. We believe targeting companies in this middle market will provide the greatest number
of opportunities for investment. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time
our management may deem relevant. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that
will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities,
as applicable, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the Trust Account at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, or if we are considering an initial
business combination with an entity that is affiliated with A.G.P., our sponsor, directors or officers, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of
the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business
of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally,
pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

6 

We
are not prohibited from consummating an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with A.G.P., our sponsor, officers
or directors, provided, however, that, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, if we do, we, or a committee of our independent
directors, must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or
for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market
value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our
initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Further, our sponsor s corporate
parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc., is not formally constrained in any way from pursuing acquisitions or business combinations that
could be suitable transactions for us. While we do not believe it is likely that Presidio Property Trust, Inc., will compete against
us for suitable acquisition targets based upon our management s understanding of Presidio Property Trust, Inc. s current
business model, it is possible that a potential business combination could arise that would be suitable for us and Presidio Property
Trust, Inc., giving rise to a conflict of interest. If such a circumstance were to occur, we anticipate that our board of directors would
recuse any conflicted members of our management from taking any role in the consideration of such a transaction and, to the extent necessary,
retain appropriate qualified, non-conflicted personnel to advise us in accordance with the provisions of our certificate of incorporation
relating to transactions with affiliates. Such an eventuality could increase the costs associated with evaluating a target business.
Our board of directors has established a code of ethics that includes a conflict of interest policy intended to ensure timely disclosure
and avoidance of activities and relationships that conflict with the interests of the Company. 

7 

Initial
Business Combination Process 

In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among
other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well
as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, Murphy Canyon Acquisition
Sponsor, LLC, its corporate parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc., or any of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, its corporate parent, or any of our officers or
directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a
member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. 

Members
of our management team will directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement units and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. However, subject to any pre-existing contractual or fiduciary obligations,
our sponsor and officers and directors will offer all suitable business combination opportunities within the real estate industry (and
other related sectors, as discussed elsewhere in this annual report) to us before any other person or company until we have entered into
a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by February
7, 2024. 

All
of our officers are employed by our sponsor s corporate parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc. Our sponsor is continuously made
aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for an initial business combination. 

Murphy
Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, Presidio Property Trust, Inc., and each of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity.
We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our sponsor, its corporate parent, and our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Sourcing
of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets 

We
believe the industry experience and business relationships of our sponsor s corporate parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc., will
allow for a wide range of evaluation of targets for our business combination. Our sponsor s corporate parent, with many decades
of experience in the real estate industry and related industries, should be able to assist with accessing, and the vetting of, quality
targets. While we are an entirely separate company from Presidio Property Trust, Inc., with a fully independent Board except for Jack
K. Heilbron and Adam Sragovicz, (and no overlapping officers aside from our CEO, Jack K. Heilbron, our CFO, Adam Sragovicz, and our CAO,
Ed Bentzen), we expect to benefit from our sponsor s corporate parent s position in the industry. 

8 

This
network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. In the event that the
Conduit Business Combination is not consummated, we believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will
provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment
banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. 

Members
of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or placement units following our initial
public offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate
business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of
interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

In
addition, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. As discussed above, however, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent
the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating
management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business
can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In
a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the
target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class
A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there
are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road
show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

9 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target
businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act , as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30 th . 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 23 million after payment of 4,628,750 of deferred
underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital
for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because
we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public
offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the offering and the sale of the placement
units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we
may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination
of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable
or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

10 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

As
in the case of the Conduit Business Combination, we may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities
in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the
proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger
than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, and may as a result be
required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the
case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents
disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or stock
exchange requirements, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds
privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement
or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the Trust Account at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards
generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable
public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, or if we are considering an initial
business combination with an entity that is affiliated with A.G.P., our sponsor, directors or officers, we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of
the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business
of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We
do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to
this requirement, our management will virtually have unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target
businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be
taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

11 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a
single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
of the Conduit Business Combination and, if the Conduit Business Combination is not consummated, of any future proposed initial business
combination if it is required by applicable law or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, or we may decide to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business
combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

12 

Type
 of Transaction 
 
 Whether
 Stockholder 
 Approval
 is Required 
 
 Purchase
 of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase
 of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger
 of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock
 then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
 collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of
 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material
nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not
currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at
the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. None of the funds held in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior
to completion of our initial business combination. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class
A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact
only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account
or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply
with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

13 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be
complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect that
any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject
to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination, including the Conduit Business Combination, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business
combination including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is anticipated
to be approximately 11.05 per public share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution, less any tax obligations. Except as
otherwise set forth herein, all references to the approximately 11.05 per share redemption amount assume that our sponsor will have
made the Maximum Contribution and do not include any interest generated on the amounts in the trust account. Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial
business combination, as in the case of the Conduit Business Combination, or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether
we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in
our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions
and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and
any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our certificate of incorporation would
require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder
approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination.
We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required
by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long
as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If
stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

14 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock present and entitled to vote at the meeting to approve the initial business combination when a quorum is present are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares acquired during or after
our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. In order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), we would need 716,864, or approximately 33 of the 2,187,728 Class
A common Stock public shares, to be voted in favor of an initial business combination, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any
such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorums and voting thresholds,
and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.
Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender
offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules,
we will not redeem any public shares unless (i) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon
consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions or (ii) we are otherwise
exempt from the provisions of Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act . If public stockholders tender more shares than we have
offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that we may not redeem our public shares unless (i) we are exempt from the provisions of Rule 419
promulgated under the Securities Act other than through our net tangible assets or (ii) our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001
either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and
commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash
requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business
combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for
working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the
terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant
to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to
the holders thereof. 

15 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall
also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares,
and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business
combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial
public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt
to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be
restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on
the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository
Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders
to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business
combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period,
it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many special purpose acquisition companies. In order to perfect redemption rights
in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders 
vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box
on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination
was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership.
As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during
which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he
or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become
 option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its
certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election
to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 

16 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder
of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination
with a different target at the election of the Company until February 7, 2024. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that we will have up to February 7, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, at our election by separate one month extensions, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of
up to 77,000 for each one month extension, into the Trust Account, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which
will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
 within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7,
2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) . However,
if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject
to satisfaction of certain conditions). 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering
 (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. If this optional
redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset
requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

17 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the funds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient
funds for such purpose. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 346,000 in cash remaining. We will depend on sufficient interest
being earned on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient
to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of
such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds
deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 11.05, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution
and net of any taxes paid or payable. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our
creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than approximately 11.05. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL,
our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full,
as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining
assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay
or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit
of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that
they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver
or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered
public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held
in the Trust Account. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or
business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and
(ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than
 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust
Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

18 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 1,500,000 from loans from our sponsor with which to
pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no
more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities
is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the
consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction
of certain conditions) , may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If
the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision
for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation,
a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating
distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser
of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder
would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our
initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions),
is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially
due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant
to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption
distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to
February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions), we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public
shares as soon as reasonably possible up to the 24th month from the closing of our initial public offering at the election of the Company
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of
incorporation) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable
for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond
the third anniversary of such date. 

19 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust
Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any
claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent
necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount
per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the
trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation
of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii)
the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the consummation
of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions)
, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account.
In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro
rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

20 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until
we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we
are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have
an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this report, including the financial statements, before making a decision to invest in our units.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially and adversely affected.
In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors
described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business.
 For the complete list of risks relating to the Conduit Business Combination, see the section titled Risk Factors contained
in the Form S-4 which the Company intends to file after the filing of this annual report. 

Risks
Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, 

 a
Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our
search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the
ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning
the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19
or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the
operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

21 

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require
stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek
stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business
combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors will agree to vote any founder shares held by them, as well as any public
shares they may have acquired after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in
favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the Class A shares held by our initial stockholders, we would
need 716,864, or approximately 33 , of the 2,187,728 public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to
have our initial business combination approved (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted). Accordingly,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders to vote in favor of our
initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business
combination. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval,
public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder
vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business
days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

22 

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into an initial business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that
we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not
be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination with us. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust
Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until
we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however,
at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer
a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you
are able to sell your stock in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms
that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must
complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7,
2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) . Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage
over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that
particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase
as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into
our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only
receive approximately 11.05 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination on or prior to February 7, 2024 at the election
of the Company subject to certain conditions. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business
combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market
conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the conflict between Russia
and Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries. Further, if the outbreak of COVID-19
continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments,
it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased
market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19
may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

23 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of
directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive approximately
 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than approximately 11.05 per share on the redemption of their shares.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than approximately 11.05 per share and other risk factors below. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years and especially in the last several months, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential
targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many SPACs seeking targets for their
initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect to
purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce
the public float of our common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public
warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

Such
a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer
the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required
to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per
share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem
its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of
the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination,
or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash
at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of
any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters
submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

24 

Any
such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
We expect that any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers
are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our
public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street
name, to either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the
event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder
fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not
be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with
a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or
up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) , or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our public
shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering
(or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions), subject to applicable law and
as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust
Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

25 

The
representative may have a conflict of interest if they render services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

We
may elect to engage A.G.P. (who was the representative of the underwriters of our initial public offering) to assist us in connection
with our initial business combination. A portion (3.5 of the representatives discounts and commissions is not payable unless
the Company completes its initial business combination. Therefore, if the representative provides services to us in connection with our
initial business combination, these financial interests may result in the representative having a conflict of interest when providing
such services to us. A.G.P. has been engaged by Conduit as its financial advisor for the Conduit Business Combination. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 11.05 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are
obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business
combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.
This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 11.05 per share, assuming
our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 11.05 per share upon our liquidation. See
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders may be less than 11.05 per share and other risk factors herein. 

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units not being held in the Trust Account are
insufficient to allow us to operate, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public
stockholders may only receive approximately 11.05 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

The
funds available to us outside of the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements may not be sufficient to allow us to operate
until February 7, 2024, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available
to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until February 7, 2024; however, we cannot assure you that
our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants
to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around
for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger
agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds
(whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence
with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than
approximately 11.05 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than approximately 11.05
per share and other risk factors herein. 

26 

We
depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

In
connection with the extension of our business combination termination date and related payments into the trust account and continued
operating expenses, we have borrowed 300,000 from our sponsor and may borrow up to 1,500,000 in total. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of
their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from
funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation
of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. Prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in
our Trust Account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to
cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 11.05 per
share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, on our redemption of our public shares, and
our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 11.05 per share on the
redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 11.05 per share and other
risk factors below. 

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface
all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later
arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature
could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate
net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain
stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach
by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private
claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination
constituted an actionable material misstatement or omission. 

27 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters
of our initial public offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.20 per share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors.
Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor will agree that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the
lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or
directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share and (ii) the actual amount per
share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that
it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent
directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account
available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

28 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against
the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i)
we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (i) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be
exposed to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

29 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and
complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not
plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets
or to be a passive investor. 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our initial public offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on
investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the
earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial
public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an
initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the
election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions), our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public
stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to
be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial
business combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, on
the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public
offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) in accordance with
our certificate of incorporation) may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain
procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including
a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following 12
months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction
of certain conditions) in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with
the foregoing procedures. 

30 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors
(such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially
brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them
(but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at
the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may
bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of
a liquidating distribution. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the
opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by
written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant
to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial
stockholders, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the founder shares, the placement units, the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the placement units and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such shares of Class A common stock, warrants or the Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability
of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class
A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult
to complete. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the
securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

31 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We
will seek to complete an initial business combination with companies in the Proptecch industry but may also pursue other business combination
opportunities, except that we will not, under our certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific
target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we
complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine.
For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may
be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our
officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable
to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders
who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of
expertise. 

Although
we intend to focus on identifying companies in the real estate industry, including construction, homebuilding, real estate owners and
operators, arrangers of financing, insurance, and other services for real estate, and adjacent businesses and technologies targeting
the real estate space, which we may refer to as Proptech businesses, we will consider an initial business combination outside
of our management s area of expertise if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such
candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in
this sector after having expanded a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to
be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial
business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s
expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained
in this annual report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business
that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in
the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a
combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their
redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law
or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult
for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 11.05
per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, on the liquidation of our Trust Account
and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than approximately 11.05
per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust
Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than approximately 11.05 per share 
and other risk factors herein. 

32 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue,
cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These
risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be
outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business. 

We
are not required to obtain a fairness opinion and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we
are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an entity affiliated with the representative, our sponsor, directors or officers, or
our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price
we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the
judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community.
Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business
combination. 

A
conflict of interest may arise if we seek an initial business combination with an entity that is also an acquisition target of our sponsor s
corporate parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc. 

Our
sponsor s corporate parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc., is also engaged in the real estate business, and is not formally constrained
in any way from pursuing acquisitions or business combinations that could be suitable transactions for the Company. We do not believe
it is likely that Presidio Property Trust, Inc. will compete against the Company for suitable acquisition targets based upon our management s
understanding of Presidio Property Trust, Inc. current business model. Nevertheless, it is possible that a potential business combination
could arise that would be suitable for both the Company and Presidio Property Trust, Inc., giving rise to a conflict of interest. If
such a circumstance were to occur, we anticipate that the board of directors would recuse any conflicted members of our management from
taking any role in the consideration of such a transaction and, to the extent necessary, retain appropriately qualified, non-conflicted
personnel to advise us in accordance with the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to transactions with affiliates
and our conflict of interest policy. 

33 

Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately 11.05 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that
point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target
business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any
such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
receive only approximately 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, on the
liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive
less than approximately 11.05 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less
than approximately 11.05 per share and other risk factors herein. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may
adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We
have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available
for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
 financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our Class A common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other
 general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

34 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution
 of our strategy; and 

other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering, the sale of the placement units,
which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services and limited operating activities.
This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. 

Of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, and after redemptions in February 2023, approximately
 23 million will be available to complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses. 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search
for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations,
we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our initial business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held
company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether
to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

35 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. 

We
may structure an initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own
less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not
consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could
pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of
our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine
their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired.
Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot
provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities
necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
an initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our
certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial
business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed
their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to
pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant
to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our stockholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the
definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination
and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities.
Amending our certificate of incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement
will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the public warrants (which may include public warrants acquired by our sponsor
or its affiliates in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market). In addition, our certificate of incorporation requires
us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election
of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity. 

36 

To
the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any securities offered through this registration
statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will
not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

The
provisions of our certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of
the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the
Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated,
may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some
other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to
facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the
requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units into the Trust Account and not release
such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and including
to permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation
is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon,
and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved
by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our certificate of incorporation may
be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the
DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our certificate of incorporation.
Our sponsor, which owns approximately 65 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation
and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions
of our certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-initial business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check
companies, and this may increase our ability to complete an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our certificate of incorporation. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors will agree, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at
the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that
we will enter into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of
these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

37 

Our
letter agreement with our sponsor, directors, director nominees and officers may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Our
letter agreement with our sponsor, directors, director nominees and officers contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of
our founder shares and placement units, indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidation
distributions from the Trust Account. This letter agreement may be amended without stockholder approval (although releasing the parties
from the restriction not to transfer our founder shares for a period of six months following the date we complete our initial business
combination except in certain circumstances will require the prior written consent of the underwriters). While we do not expect our board
to approve an amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising
its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to this agreement. Any such amendments
to the letter agreement would not require approval from our stockholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment
in our securities. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target, but intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units. As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing
to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. Further, the amount of additional financing we may be required to obtain could increase as a result of future growth
capital needs for any particular transaction, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation
to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business
combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 11.05 per share, assuming
the sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless.
In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing
to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may only receive approximately 11.05 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account, assuming the sponsor
makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, as described in the
risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than approximately 11.05 per share, under certain circumstances
our public stockholders may receive less than approximately 11.05 per share upon the liquidation of the Trust Account. 

Our
initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support. 

Our
sponsor owns shares representing approximately 23 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, it may exert a
substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments
to our certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our sponsor purchases any additional shares of common
stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Factors that would be considered in
making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our common stock. Additionally, we may not
hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. Accordingly,
our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

38 

Our
sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.008 per founder share. As a result of this low initial
price, our sponsor and our management team stand to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines
in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. 

As
a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, our sponsor, its affiliates and our management team could make a substantial
profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value
or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. Thus, such parties may have more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial
business combination with a riskier, weaker-performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of
revenues or earnings, than would be the case if such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares. 

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial
significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial
statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These
financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may
limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability
from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect
our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity,
and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

39 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate
targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable
to our investors altogether. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval,
public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder
vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business
days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only
receive approximately 11.05 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of
our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions).
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability
and volatility in global markets and industries. Further, if the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally
and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete
our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may
seek to acquire. 

40 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of
directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive approximately
 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum Contribution and less any tax obligations, and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than approximately 11.05 per share on the redemption of their shares.
See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than approximately 11.05 per share and other risk factors below. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers and their affiliates may elect to
purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce
the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public
warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans
or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds
in the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 

Such
a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer
the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers
or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required
to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The price per
share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem
its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of
the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination,
or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash
at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of
any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters
submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect that any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of
beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

41 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable,
such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our
public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street
name, to either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the
event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder
fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not
be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your
investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with
a stockholder vote to amend our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or
up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our public
shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering
(or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions), subject to applicable law and
as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust
Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be
subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be
subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
following: 

higher
 costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements
 of overseas markets; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

42 

longer
 payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax
 issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; and 

government
 appropriations of assets. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we are unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely
impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

If
our management team following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, our founding team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the business combination partner may assume the roles of executive officers and directors of our company. Such officers and directors
may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If our new management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar
with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
may be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

As
we may acquire a business or businesses located outside of the United States as part of our initial business combination, the economic,
political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations would be located following our
initial business combination could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors
of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn
or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending
in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate
our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause our target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. business as part of our initial business combination, all revenues and income would likely be received
in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions
in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things,
changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect
the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and
results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate
such transaction. 

43 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the U.S. to another jurisdiction.
If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws
and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United
States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business,
business opportunities or capital. 

We
may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in the event of a liquidation or in connection with
redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022. 

Under
the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), adding Section 4501 to the Internal Revenue Code, a domestic corporation
whose stock is traded on an established securities market (a covered corporation under the IRA) is subject to an excise
tax of 1 on repurchases (redemptions) of its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). Because we are a Delaware
corporation and our securities trade on the Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the IRA. 

The
IRA became law on August 16, 2022. On December 27, 2022, the Internal Revenue Service published Notice 2023-2, providing Initial
Guidance regarding the application of the Excise Tax on repurchases of corporate stock under Section 4501. Under these authorities
we expect the Excise Tax to be imposed on the fair market value of stock repurchased by us. Under a netting rule , the fair
market value of stock repurchased by us may be reduced by the fair market value of securities issued by us in the same taxable year,
with the 1 Excise Tax then imposed on the excess, if any, of the value of redemptions over the value of issuances. Therefore, issuances
of stock by us in connection with our initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction at the time of our initial
business combination) will reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same taxable year. However,
a business combination may not be completed during 2023 and, even if a business combination is completed, the fair market value of the
securities redeemed may exceed the fair market value of the securities issued in such a combination or otherwise. (The fair market value
of securities that are redeemed is determined by the market price of the stock on the day of redemption, regardless of the actual redemption
amount.) Consequently, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets. 

Further,
while the authorities indicate that as a general rule the Excise Tax does not apply in the event of a complete liquidation of a covered
corporation, the availability of this exemption under circumstances that might surround the liquidation of a SPAC is not entirely clear. 

While
excise tax returns are generally filed on a quarterly basis, the Internal Revenue Service expects to issue regulations providing that
reports of Excise Tax liability are due with the first quarterly excise tax return filed after the close of the taxable year. Except
for franchise taxes and income taxes, the proceeds placed in the trust account and the interest earned thereon shall not be used to pay
for possible excise tax or any other fees or taxes that may be levied on the Company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules
or laws, including without limitation any excise tax due under the IRA on any redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company (except in
the case of proceeds that are delivered to the Company following a business combination). 

There
may be tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. 

While
we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business
combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free
treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A reorganization that does not qualify as tax-free could result in the imposition of substantial
taxes on holders of our securities. 

44 

The
Conduit Business Combination is subject to conditions, including certain conditions that may not be satisfied on a timely basis, if at
all. 

The
completion of the Conduit Business Combination is subject to a number of conditions. The completion of the Conduit Business Combination
is not assured and is subject to risks, including the risk that approval of the Conduit Business Combination by our stockholders is not
obtained or that other closing conditions are not satisfied. If we does not complete the Conduit Business Combination, we could be subject
to several risks, including: 

negative
 reactions from the financial markets, including declines in the price of our Class A common stock due to the fact that current prices
 may reflect a market assumption that the Conduit Business Combination will be completed; and 

the
 attention of our management will have been diverted to the Conduit Business Combination rather than the pursuit of other opportunities
 in respect of an initial business combination. 

Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate
may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of an initial business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with
the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management
of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the
operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial
business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive
officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on
us. 

45 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them
to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation
in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business
combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination
will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There
is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company,
which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities
we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company,
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do
not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged
in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other
entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such
affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative
impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment
vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business and our officers and directors may become officers or directors of another special purpose
acquisition company with a class of securities intended to be registered under the Exchange Act, even prior to us entering into a definitive
agreement for our initial business combination. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may
be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. 

46 

Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us.
Our certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer
unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and
to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor,
our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from
engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a
conflict between their interests and ours. 

In
particular, our sponsor, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC., and its corporate parent, Presidio Property Trust, Inc., as well as
other entities affiliated with our officers and directors, may also invest in companies or businesses within the real estate industry,
including those that focus on construction, homebuilding, real estate owners and operators, arrangers of financing, insurance, and other
services for real estate, and adjacent businesses and technologies targeting the real estate space, which we may refer to as Proptech 
businesses. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and
companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. 

We
may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware
of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and
there have been no preliminary discussions concerning an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will
not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we
determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination as described herein and such transaction
was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from
a financial point of view of an initial business combination with one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination
may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since
our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict
of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
November 16, 2021, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. On January 26, 2022 our sponsor surrendered and forfeited 1,006,250 founder shares
for no consideration, following which our sponsor held 3,306,250 founder shares at approximately 0.008 per share. The number of founder
shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after our
initial public offering (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). The founder shares will be worthless if we do not
complete an initial business combination. Our sponsor 754,000 placement units for an aggregate purchase price of 7,540,000. Each whole
warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Our Sponsor has agreed to transfer, but
has not yet transferred, an aggregate of 45,000 placement units (15,000 each) to each of our three independent directors. These securities
will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares
owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares held by them in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we have obtained loans from our sponsor and
may in the future obtain additional loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. We may not be able to
repay our sponsor unless we complete an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 

47 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than approximately
 11.05 per share. 

The
proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the
Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than approximately 11.05 per share, assuming our sponsor makes the Maximum
Contribution. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
securities were listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, a national securities exchange, upon consummation of our initial public offering.
Although we met the minimum initial listing standards of Nasdaq, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating
to shareholders equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we
cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Nasdaq s requirements for continued listing include a public float
of 1,100,000, a market value of public float of 15,000,000, a market value of listed securities of 50,000,000 and 400 shareholders.
We believe that we currently fail to satisfy Nasdaq s market value of listed securities and number of shareholders requirements
as a result of the redemptions made in connection with our January 2023 vote
to extend the deadline for us to complete our initial business combination . As of the date of this Form 10-K, we have not received
any correspondence from Nasdaq related to such deficiencies but we cannot guarantee that Nasdaq will not issue a Staff Delisting Letter
(which would allow us to seek review of the decision by an independent listing hearings panel), require us to submit a plan of compliance,
or halt trading in our securities. Additionally,
in connection with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application
and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

inability to consummate our initial business combination; 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a
 determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will require brokers trading in our shares of common
 stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our shares of common stock; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

48 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our common stock, you will lose the ability
to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However,
we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination.
And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required
to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

We
have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor
from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered,
qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and
such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. 

We
have not registered the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities
laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business
combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for
example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or
prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues
a stop order. If the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will
be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on
a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business
combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall
have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided
by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not
available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify
the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify
the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the
shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such
warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders
who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common
stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance
of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue
sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares
of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial
public offering. 

49 

If
you exercise your warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if
you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

There
are circumstances in which the exercise of the warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration
statement covering the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th
 business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
Second, if a registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified
period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available;
if that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Third,
if we call the warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to
do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair
market value (as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise
such warrants for cash. 

We
may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan
after completion of our initial business combination. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present
other risks. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 110,000,000 shares of common stock, consisting of (i) 100,000,000 shares
of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value, (ii) 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and (iii) 1,000,000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. Immediately after our initial public offering and the sale of the placement
units, there was 86,021,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock, which amount does not take into account the shares
of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under
an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our certificate of incorporation provides that
we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business combination activity).
However, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on
any initial business combination. These provisions of our certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However, our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant
to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter
prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the
consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain
conditions) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity,
unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

50 

The
issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common
 stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things,
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants. 

Unlike
many other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class
A common stock if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A common stock,
are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in our initial public offering and related to the closing of the initial
business combination, the number of founder shares held by the sponsor will be adjusted so that it will equal, in the aggregate, 20 
of the total number of all outstanding shares of Class A common stock upon completion of the initial business combination, excluding
the shares of Class A common stock underlying the placement units, and any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the business combination and any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor
or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us. This is different from most other similarly structured blank check companies in
which the initial stockholder will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial
business combination. Additionally, the aforementioned adjustment will not take into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed
in connection with the business combination. Accordingly, the holders of the founder shares could receive additional shares of Class
A common stock even if the additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class
A common stock, are issued or deemed issued solely to replace those shares that were redeemed in connection with the business combination.
The foregoing may make it more difficult and expensive for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the
exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could
be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Vstock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
agreement set forth in our prospectus for our initial public offering, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants (which may include public warrants acquired by our sponsor or its affiliates in our initial public offering
or thereafter in the open market). Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of
the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments
could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten
the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

51 

Our
warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants,
which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of
the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant, provided that the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice
of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise
our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification
under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register
or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered
by us in our initial public offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the
exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market
price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

52 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

We
have issued warrants to purchase 13,225,000 shares of common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued placement units, in a private placement, consisting of an aggregate of 754,000
placement units. Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 3,306,250 founder shares. In addition, if our sponsor makes any
working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the
lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. To the extent we
issue shares of common stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of
additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive business combination vehicle to a target
business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the
shares of common stock issued to complete the initial business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more
difficult to effectuate an initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The
placement units are identical to the units sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that that the placement units
and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business
combination except to permitted transferees, the purchasers of the placement units waive any and all rights and claims that they may
have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the common stock underlying such placement units
in the event that a business combination is not consummated. The placement units also have registration rights. Additionally, the warrants
underlying the placement units shall contain a cashless exercise provision and shall be non-redeemable while held by the initial purchasers
thereof or their permitted assignees. There will be no underwriting fees or commissions due with the respect to the private placement. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
most blank check companies, if 

(i) 
 we
 issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
 of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share; 

(ii) 
 the
 aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
 for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
 and 

(iii) 
 the
 Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target
business. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing
to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. 

53 

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions
may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over
prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our
certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will, subject
to certain exceptions, be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect
of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 

Our
certificate of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be
deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and
the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination),
(B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of
Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of
our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. This choice
of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to
such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be
inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision
and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the
Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a newly formed company with very limited operating results to date. Since we do not have a substantial operating history, you will
have a very limited basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business.
We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination. 

54 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. 

Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
initial business combination and results of operations. 

Past
performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Past
performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate
or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical
record of our management team s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns
the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. None of our directors has experience with blank check companies or special
purpose acquisition companies. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team have been involved
in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our ability to consummate a business combination and lead to financial loss. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller
reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance
with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, as modified
by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal
controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not
have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances
could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December
31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower
than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may
be more volatile. 

55 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Class A common
stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues
equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it
may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. Our executive offices are located at
4995 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92123 and our telephone number is 760-471-8536. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated
against us, any of our property, or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

56 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
units, common stock and warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols MURFU, MURF, and
 MURFW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 3, 2022 and our common stock and warrants commenced
public trading on March 28, 2022. 

(b)
Holders 

On March 27, 2023, there were
118 holders of record of our common stock. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(f)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(g)
Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On
February 7, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering of 13,225,000 units, which included 1,725,000 units issued pursuant to the
full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, and one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A
common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 132,250,000.
A.G.P. acted as sole book-running manager and The Benchmark Company, LLC acted as co-manager of the initial public offering. The securities
in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-262036). The SEC declared the
registration statements effective on February 2, 2022. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 754,000 placement units to the sponsor
at a purchase price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 7,540,000. This issuance of placement units was
be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The placement units are identical
to the units sold in the initial public offering, except that (a) the placement units and their component securities will not be transferable,
assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of the Company s initial business combination except to permitted transferees
and (b) the warrants and rights included as a component of the placement units, so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted
transferees, will be entitled to registration rights, respectively. Following the closing of the initial public offering, an amount of
 139,790,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the sale of the placement units to the
sponsor was to be placed in a Trust Account. This resulted in an overfunding of the Trust Account of 4,895,000. As such, subsequent
to the initial funding of the Trust Account, 2,000,000 was transferred to our operating cash account and 2,895,000 was used to pay
offering costs, including 2,745,000 of underwriting discounts and expenses. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only
in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

57 

In
connection with the initial public offering, we incurred 7,738,161 in transaction costs, including 2,645,000 of underwriting discounts
and commission, 4,628,750 of deferred underwriting fees and 464,411 of other offering costs. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement as is described
in our final prospectus dated February 2, 2022 and filed with the SEC on February 4, 2022. 

See
 January 2023 Extension as noted in Part I, Item I Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional
information regarding proceeds currently in the Trust Account. 

(h)
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

We
are a newly organized blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. While
our efforts to identify a target business may span many industries and regions worldwide, we intend to focus our search for prospects
within the real estate industry. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our
behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, the
proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (including pursuant to backstop agreements we
may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination
of the foregoing. 

The
issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of existing shareholders; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common
 stock; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things,
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
 seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and warrants. 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
 obligations; 

58 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
 that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
 while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
 on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general
 corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution
 of our strategy; and 

other
 purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 345,777 and 48,555 in cash,
respectively and deferred offering costs of 0 and 108,962, respectively. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred
fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 4,628,750. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Further, we
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you that our
plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Merger
Agreement 

On
November 8, 2022, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (together with an amendment entered into on January 27, 2023, the Merger
Agreement with Conduit Pharmaceuticals Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Conduit and Conduit Merger
Sub, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company and our wholly owned subsidiary. If the Merger Agreement is approved by our stockholders
and the transactions under the Merger Agreement are consummated, Merger Sub will merge with and into Conduit, with Conduit surviving
the merger as our wholly owned subsidiary (the Merger ). Upon the closing of the Merger, it is anticipated that we will
change our name to Conduit Pharmaceuticals Inc. Our board of directors has (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger
Agreement, the related ancillary agreements thereto and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval
of the Merger Agreement and related transactions by our stockholders. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, the outstanding ordinary shares (including the shares issued upon conversion of all outstanding convertible
debt, which conversion shall have occurred prior to the consummation of the Merger Agreement) of Conduit will be converted into an aggregate
of 65,000,000 shares of our newly issued common stock, with each such outstanding Conduit ordinary share (including the ordinary shares
issued upon conversion of all outstanding convertible debt, which conversion shall have occurred prior to the consummation of the Merger
Agreement) converted into newly issued shares of our common stock on a pro rata basis. 

59 

In
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription
Agreement with an investor. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the investor has agreed to purchase 27 million (the Private
Placement units of our securities, with each unit consisting of (i) one share of common stock and (ii) one warrant to purchase
one share of common stock, for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit. The Subscription Agreement contains registration rights, pursuant
to which within 15 business days after the closing, we will use reasonable best efforts to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC a registration statement registering the resale of the shares of common stock included in the units
and issued and issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The closing of the Private Placement is conditioned on, among other things, the
closing of the Conduit Business Combination. 

January
2023 Extension 

Initially,
we were required to complete our initial business combination transaction by 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering
or up to 18 months if we extended the period of time to consummate a business combination in accordance with our Certificate of Incorporation.
On January 26, 2023, at a special meeting of our stockholders, our stockholders approved a proposal to amend our certificate of incorporation
to allow us to extend, at our election, the date by which we have to consummate a business combination up to 12 times, each such extension
for an additional one month period, from February 7, 2023, to February 7, 2024. Our stockholders also approved a related proposal to
amend the trust agreement allowing us to deposit into the Trust Account, for each one-month extension, one-third of 1 of the funds remaining
in the Trust Account following the redemptions made in connection with the approval of the extension proposal at the special meeting.
At the special meeting our stockholders also approved a proposal to amend our certificate of incorporation to expand the methods that
we may employ to not become subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC. 

In
connection with such proposals, our public stockholders had the right to redeem their shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of
the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two days prior to such stockholder vote. Our public stockholders holding 11,037,272
shares of Class A common stock (out of a total of 13,979,000 shares of Class A common stock) exercised their right to redeem such shares
at a redemption price of approximately 10.33 per share. Approximately 114 million in cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay
such stockholders and, accordingly, after giving effect to such redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately 23 million. 

As
a result of the approval of such proposals, we agreed to deposit into the trust account one-third of 1 of the funds then on deposit
in the trust account for each month of the extension period, resulting in a monthly contribution of approximately 0.035 per share that
was not redeemed in connection with the special meeting, or an aggregate of approximately 77,000 per month, and an aggregate of 924,000
(the Maximum Contribution if the date we have to consummate a business combination is extended 12 times, each assuming
no interest is earned on the funds in the trust account. 

Results
of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

Our
entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, our initial public offering and, since the closing
of the initial public offering, a search for a business combination candidate. We will not be generating any operating revenues until
the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income
and a loss of 398,639 and 4,381, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 this consisted primarily of general and administrative
expenses of approximately 1.20 million and income tax expense of 374,862. This was offset by interest income of approximately 1.98
million earned on Trust assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. There was no interest income earned and during the period from
October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the net loss consisted of formation costs. 

In
January 2023, our public stockholders had the right to redeem their shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
on deposit in the Trust Account. Our public stockholders holding 11,037,272 shares of Class A common stock (out of a total of 13,979,000
shares of Class A common stock) exercised their right to redeem such shares at a redemption price of approximately 10.33 per share.
Approximately 114 million in cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay such stockholders and, accordingly, after giving effect
to such redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately 23 million. As a result of less fund in the Trust Account, we
do not expect the same level of interest income in 2023 as we experienced during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

60 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2022, we had 345,777 in cash. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the net increase in cash was 297,222. Cash used in operating activities was 1,311,310 and was mainly
the result of a net income of 398,639, interest income earned on trust assets 1,976,183, cash used in accrued expenses of 27,664, and cash used in prepaid expenses of 245,254 partially offset by change in deferred offering costs of 108,962 and
accrued income taxes payable of 374,862. Cash used in investing activities was 134,895,000 and was the result of funds deposited into the trust
account. Cash provided by financing activities was 136,503,532 and was primarily related to the initial public offering. 

On
February 7, 2022 Company consummated its initial public offering of 11,500,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of
one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), and one redeemable
warrant of the Company Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A
Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000
the Company granted the Underwriters in the Offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,725,000 additional Units solely to cover over-allotments,
if any (the Option ). The Underwriters exercised the Option in full, resulting in the sale of 13,225,000 Units in total
and total gross proceeds of 132.25 million, which were placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account ), maintained
by Wilmington Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

On
February 7, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of 754,000 units
(the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, which amount includes 69,000 Private Placement Units purchased by the Sponsor
in connection with the Underwriters exercise of the Option in full, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating
gross proceeds of approximately 7.54 million (the Private Placement a portion of the proceeds of were placed in the Trust
Account and a portion was used to pay offering expenses including the non-deferred underwriting discount related to the Offering. See
 January 2023 Extension as noted above for additional information regarding proceeds currently in the Trust
Account. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that the Combination Period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. There is no assurance that
the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, these factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance
of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty. 

Related
Party Transactions 

On
November 16, 2021, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. On January 26, 2022, the sponsor surrendered and forfeited 1,006,250 Founder Shares
for no consideration, following which the sponsor holds 3,306,250 founder shares at approximately 0.008 per share. The founder shares
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder. 

Commencing
on the date of our initial public offering, we have pay Murphy Canyon Management Group, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of
 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total
payments to Murphy Canyon Management Group were 110,000. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we
will cease paying these monthly fees. 

61 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors
or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On
November 4, 2021 our sponsor loaned us 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering. These loans
are non-interest bearing, unsecured and were repaid upon the closing of the initial public offering in February 2022. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust
Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit
at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units.
The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust
Account. 

In
connection with the initial public offering, our sponsor purchased 754,000 placement units for an aggregate purchase price of 7,540,000.
Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Our Sponsor has agreed to
transfer, but has not yet transferred, an aggregate of 45,000 placement units (15,000 each) to each of our three independent directors.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the founder shares, or placement
units, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial
public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions). The placement
units are identical to the units sold in the initial public offering except that the placement units and their component securities will
not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted
transferees, the purchasers of the placement units waive any and all rights and claims that they may have to any proceeds, and any interest
thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the common stock underlying such placement units in the event that a business combination
is not consummated. The placement units are entitled registration rights. Additionally, the warrants underlying the placement units contain
a cashless exercise provision and shall be non-redeemable while held by the initial purchasers thereof or their permitted assignees.
There will be no underwriting fees or commissions due with the respect to the private placement. 

Our
sponsor has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares (i) in connection with the consummation of a business
combination, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to
our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months
from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction
of certain conditions) and (iii) if we fail to consummate a business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial
public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions) or if we liquidate
prior to the expiration of such period. However, our initial stockholders will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public
shares held by them if we fail to consummate a business combination or liquidate within 12 months from the consummation of our initial
public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions). 

62 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement we entered into with our initial stockholders, we may be required to register certain securities for
sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of units issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled
under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale
under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.
In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the
costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 

On
March 7, 2023 our sponsor loaned us 300,000 to be used to fund the trust account and for our operating expenses, and may lend up to
 1,500,000 in total. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date on
which we consummate our initial business combination and (ii) the date that our winding up is effective. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not
have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

JOBS
Act 

On
April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements
for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are
electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective
dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company , we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report
on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure
that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii)
comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the report of
independent registered public accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor
discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation
and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions
will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging
growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

63 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Controls
and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on
the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework,
 our Management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our
internal control over financial reporting as such report is not required for the Company. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

64 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

As
of the date of this report, our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jack
 K. Heilbron 
 
 72 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, and Chairman 
 
 Adam
 Sragovicz 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Director 
 
 Ed
 Bentzen 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Accounting Officer 
 
 Francis
 Knuettel II 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Chele
 Chiavacci Farley 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard
 E. Feinberg 
 
 75 
 
 Director 

Jack
K. Heilbron 

Mr.
Heilbron has been our Chief Executive Officer since the Company s inception. Mr. Heilbron has served as a director and Chief Executive
Officer and President of Presidio Property Trusty Inc. since its inception in February 2010. Mr. Heilbron also has served as Chairman,
CEO and President of NetREIT Dubose since its inception, and has served as CEO and/or President of NetREIT Advisors, LLC, Dubose Advisors,
LLC, and NTR Property Management, Inc. since their inceptions, all of which are Company affiliated entities. Mr. Heilbron was a founding
officer, director, and stockholder of the former CI Holding Group, Inc. and of its subsidiary corporations (Centurion Counsel, Inc.,
Bishop Crown Investment Research Inc., PIM Financial Securities Inc., Centurion Institutional Services Inc. and CHG Properties, Inc.)
and currently serves as Chairman and CEO of Centurion Counsel, Inc., a licensed investment advisor. He also served as a director of the
Centurion Counsel Funds, an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, from 2001 until 2005. From 1994 until
its dissolution in 1999, Mr. Heilbron served as the Chairman and/or director of Clover Income and Growth REIT. Mr. Heilbron graduated
with a B.S. degree in Business Administration from California Polytechnic College, San Luis Obispo, California. Based on his experience
as a director and his experience with other REITs, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determined that Mr. Heilbron is
qualified to serve on the Board of Directors. 

Adam
Sragovicz 

Mr.
Sragovicz has been our Chief Financial Officer since the Company s inception. Mr. Sragovicz has been a director of the Company
since December 2021. Mr. Sragovicz has been the Chief Financial Officer of Presidio Property Trust, Inc. since January 11, 2018. He previously
served as Senior Vice President, Finance of Presidio Property Trust, Inc. since May 2017. Before joining Presidio Property Trust, Inc.,
Mr. Sragovicz served as Treasurer of Encore Capital Group from 2011 to 2017, where he was responsible for global capital raising, foreign
exchange risk management and cash management. Mr. Sragovicz has also held capital markets, finance, and treasury management positions
with KPMG, Union Bank of California / MUFG and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Mr. Sragovicz is the Director of the Yale Alumni Schools
Committee in San Diego and previously sat on the board of Congregation Adat Yeshurun. Mr. Sragovicz is a graduate of Yale University
with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Soviet and Eastern European Studies, with a concentration in Economics. 

Ed
Bentzen 

Mr.
Bentzen has been our Chief Accounting Officer since the Company s inception. Mr. Bentzen has been the Chief Accounting Officer
of Presidio Property Trust, Inc. March 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Bentzen served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations Officer
for Crystal View Capital Management in 2020, as a Chief Financial Officer / Finance consultant for various clients (including real estate
development companies) from 2018 to 2020, and as Chief Financial Officer for The Parking REIT (formerly MVP REIT and MVP REIT II) from
2016 to 2018. Prior to these roles, Mr. Bentzen held senior and/or accounting roles at Western Funding, Inc., Vestin Group, Inc., and
a local CPA firm in Las Vegas, Nevada. In addition, Mr. Bentzen worked as a Senior Internal Auditor at Ameristar Casinos, Inc. (formerly
Nasdaq: ASCA). He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Hotel Administration, with an emphasis in Gaming, and a Master of Science degree
in Accountancy, from University of Nevada, Las Vegas, and is licensed as a Certified Internal Auditor (inactive). 

65 

Francis
Knuettel II 

Mr.
Knuettel II has served on our board of directors since the closing of our initial public offering and currently serves as Managing Member
of Camden Capital. From December 2020 through April 2022, he was Chief Executive Officer and on the board of Unrivaled Brands, Inc. (OTCQX:
UNRV). Mr. Knuettel was formerly a Restructuring Advisory Consultant at Viridian Capital Advisors from May 2020 to November 2020. Mr.
Knuettel joined Viridian while at One Cannabis Group OCG where Mr. Knuettel was the Chief Financial Officer from June
2019 to January 2021 and was integral to the sale of the company to Item 9 Labs Corp. (OTCQX: INLB). Prior to OCG, Mr. Knuettel was CFO
at MJardin, a Denver-based cannabis cultivation and dispensary management company, from August 2018 to June 2019 where he led the company s
IPO on the Canadian Securities Exchange. Prior to MJardin, Mr. Knuettel held numerous CFO and CEO positions at early-stage and NASDAQ-listed
companies where he had significant experience both building and restructuring businesses. Mr. Knuettel serves on several corporate boards,
including on the Board of Directors of 180 Life Sciences (ATNF), an early-stage therapeutic biotech company, since July 2021, on the
Board of Directors of Relativity Acquisition Corp. (RACY), a special purpose acquisition company, since February 2022 and on the Board
of Directors of ECOM Medical, Inc., a developer of endotracheal patient monitoring systems, since July 2019 (where he is the Chairman
and chair of the company s audit committee). Mr. Knuettel has advised that he will be named as a director nominee of a special
purpose acquisition company Relativity Acquisition Corp. and may be named a director nominee of additional special purpose acquisition
companies. Each such appointment will not take effect until the consummation of the initial public offering for the applicable company.
If such appointment becomes effective, Mr. Knuettel will have fiduciary duties equivalent to and on the same level of priority as those
obligations owed to our Company. We do not believe this gives rise to any theoretical or actual conflict of interest with respect to
such other special purpose acquisition companies and our Company, since each of these entities intends to target business combinations
in a different industry than those targeted by us. Accordingly, while any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Mr. Knuettel graduated cum laude from Tufts University with a B.A. degree
in Economics and from The Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania with an MBA in Finance and Entrepreneurial Management.
Mr. Knuettel is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to Mr. Knuettel s experience and expertise serving on several
boards and his expertise in the implementation and management of the acquisition of several private companies. 

Chele
Chiavacci Farley, 

Chele
Chiavacci Farley has served on our board of directors since the closing of our initial public offering and currently serves as a partner
and managing director of Mistral Capital International Mistral ), a private equity firm, since 1995. In her role as Partner
and Managing Director of Mistral, Ms. Farley originates, evaluates and executes equity investment opportunities, creates and implements
deal and financial structures, negotiates with banks for credit facilities, and oversees management. Ms. Farley is a member of the Board
of Directors and Management Committee of Palmilla San Jose Inmobiliaria, the Master Developer of the luxury Palmilla resort development
in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Prior to Mistral, Ms. Farley was Vice President of Tricap International from 1994 to 1995. From 1992 to 1994,
Ms. Farley was an Associate at UBS Capital Corporation, and analyzed and evaluated principal investment and financing opportunities for
the firm s internal 1 billion fund. Ms. Farley began her career as a Financial Analyst in the Global Finance department - Energy
and Telecom Group of Goldman, Sachs Co. Ms. Farley has also had an active political career. In 2020, Ms. Farley ran for election
to the U.S. House of Representatives to represent New York s 18 th Congressional district. In 2018, Ms. Farley ran for
election to the U.S. Senate to represent New York. Ms. Farley graduated from Stanford University with a B.S. and M.S. in Industrial Engineering.
She is a member of YPO - Young Presidents Organization. Ms. Farley is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to
her expansive financial background and connections. 

66 

Richard
E. Feinberg 

Richard
E. Feinberg has served on the MURF Board since the closing of its initial public offering. Mr. Feinberg has been a Professor of International
Political Economy at the University of California, San Diego, since 1996 and an Emeritus Professor since 2021. Previously, Mr. Feinberg
served as Special Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs and as a Senior Director for the Office of Inter-American
Affairs, National Security Council, the White House, from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Feinberg was integral to architecture of the 1994 Miami Summit
of the Americas and of the proposed Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA). Mr. Feinberg has worked in various other governmental roles
including: (i) Member of the Policy Planning Staff of the Department of State (1977-1980); and (ii) international economist for the U.S.
Treasury Department (1975-1977). Mr. Feinberg served in executive positions at various public policy institutes including: (i) as president
of the Inter-American Dialogue (1992-1993); (ii) as executive vice president and director of studies of the Overseas Development Council
(1982-1991). Mr. Feinberg taught a graduate-level course on international financial institutions as an adjunct professor at Georgetown
University School of Foreign Service from 1980 to 1985. Mr. Feinberg holds a Ph.D. in international economics from Stanford University
and a B.A. in European history from Brown University. Mr. Feinberg is well-qualified to serve on the MURF Board due to his expertise
in political relations, public policies, financial and economic management internationally, which enable him to provide accurate and
reliable expertise on international economic policies and trends including as they may relate to international acquisitions. 

 In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the board of directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of
directors. 

Director
Independence 

Currently,
Francis Knuettel II, Chele Farley, and Richard E. Feinberg would each be considered an independent director under the Nasdaq
listing rules, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other
individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our
independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors
will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

Audit
Committee 

Francis
Knuettel II, Chele Farley and Richard E. Feinberg make up our audit committee, and Francis Knuettel II chairs the audit committee. The
audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public
 accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public
 accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

67 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
 or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or
 professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent
 audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all
 relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess
 the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Financial
Experts on Audit Committee 

The
audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate 
as defined under Nasdaq s listing standards. Nasdaq s standards define financially literate as being able to
read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In
addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience
in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results
in the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Francis Knuettel II qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
initial members of our nominating and corporate governance are Francis Knuettel II, Chele Farley and Richard E. Feinberg. Richard E.
Feinberg serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying
 and screening individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the
 board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board
 of directors; 

developing
 and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

overseeing
 our policies and procedures with respect to the consideration of director candidates recommended by stockholders, including the submission
 of any proxy access nominees by stockholders; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance
 of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The
charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search
firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right
to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

68 

Compensation
Committee 

Francis
Knuettel II, Chele Farley and Richard E. Feinberg serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent.
Each Francis Knuettel II, Chele Farley and Richard E. Feinberg are independent. Chele Farley serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

Our
compensation committee charter details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to Murphy Canyon Management Group, Inc., and affiliate of our sponsor, of 10,000
per month, through February 7, 2024 at the latest, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation
of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors
or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial
business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee
will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such
initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit, nominating and corporate governance and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement in connection
with our initial public offering. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov .
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Availability
of Documents 

We
have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, our audit committee charter, nominating and corporate governance committee charter and
compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. You will
be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of
the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

69 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity
securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent stockholders are required
by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on copies of such forms received, we believe
that, during the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to our officers,
directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied with. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Starting February 2022, we pay Murphy Canyon Management
Group, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, 10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services.
However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers or directors compensation in lieu of
a salary. 

Other
than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors,
initial stockholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, and the pending transfer
of 15,000 placement units to each of our three independent directors, no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor,
initial stockholders, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, they will receive
reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential
target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to
and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on
the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, there
is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the
available proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting
held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current
Report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2023, based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

70 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement units
as the warrants included within the placement units are not exercisable and are not convertible within 60 days of the date of this annual
report. 

On
November 16, 2021, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. On January 26, 2022, the sponsor surrendered and forfeited 1,006,250 founder shares
for no consideration, following which the sponsor holds 3,306,250 founder shares, or approximately 0.008 per share. Our Sponsor has
agreed to transfer, but has not yet transferred, an aggregate of 45,000 placement units (15,000 each) to each of our three independent
directors. 

The
following table presents the number of shares and percentage of our common stock beneficially owned as of March 27, 2023, by each person,
or group of persons, known to us who beneficially owns more than 5 of our capital stock, each named executive officer, each of our directors
and all directors and executive officers as a group. 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock (2) 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 of Class 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 of Class 
 
 Jack K. Heilbron
 (2) 
 754,000 
 25.63 
 3,306,250 
 100 
 
 Adam Sragovicz 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ed Bentzen 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Francis Knuettel II (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chele Chiavacci Farley (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Richard Feinberg (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group
 (six individuals) 
 754,000 
 25.63 
 3,306,250 
 100 
 
 Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC 
 754,000 
 25.63 
 3,306,250 
 100 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management, LLC (4) 
 609,750 
 20.73 
 - 
 - 
 
 MMCAP International Inc. SPC (5) 
 350,000 
 11.89 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (6) 
 934,112 
 31.75 
 - 
 - 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (7) 
 700,000 
 23.80 
 - 
 - 

Represents less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the entities or individuals listed above is c/o Murphy Canyon Acquisitions Corp.,
 4995 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite 300, San Diego, CA 92123 

(2) 
 Represents
 securities held by Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, of which Jack K. Heilbron is the managing member. Accordingly,
 all securities held by our sponsor may ultimately be deemed to be beneficially held by Mr. Heilbron. Mr. Heilbron disclaims beneficial
 ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his ultimate pecuniary interest. 

(3) 
 We
 have agreed to transfer 15,000 placement units, consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant, to each of our independent
 directors. As of March 27, 2023 these units have not been transferred. 

(4) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13D filed on February 16, 2023. The securities owned by this shareholder are
 held directly by (i) Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, LTD, a Cayman Islands exempted
 company, to which Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (the
 Investment Manager serves as the investment manager and (ii) an sub-accounts
 (the Managed Accounts to which the Investment Manager serves as sub-advisor.
 The business address of this shareholder is 230 NW 24th Street Suite 603 Miami, Florida 33133. 

(5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023. The business address of this shareholder
 is c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited. 

71 

(6) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023. The business address of this shareholder is
 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

(7) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023. The securities owned by this shareholder are
 held directly by Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund. The business address of this shareholder
 is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 0E6. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On
November 16, 2021, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, purchased 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase
price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. On January 26, 2022, the sponsor surrendered and forfeited 1,006,250 Founder Shares
for no consideration, following which the sponsor holds 3,306,250 founder shares at approximately 0.008 per share. The founder shares
(including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by the holder. 

On
February 7, 2022, our sponsor was issued an aggregate of 754,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase
price of 7,540,000. Our Sponsor has agreed to transfer, but has not yet transferred, an aggregate of 45,000 placement units (15,000
each) to each of our three independent directors following our initial public offering. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the founder shares or placement units, which will expire worthless if we do not
consummate a business combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to February 7, 2024 at
the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions). 

Commencing
February 2, 2022, we have agreed to pay Murphy Canyon Management Group, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No
compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan,
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Prior
to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses
of the offering. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were repaid upon the closing of the initial public offering. This
loan was paid in full upon our initial public officer and had a zero balance as of December 31, 2022. On March 7, 2023 our sponsor loaned
us 300,000 to be used to fund the trust account and for our operating expenses, and may lend up to 1,500,000 in total. These loans
are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial
business combination and (ii) the date that our winding up is effective. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest bearing basis
as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would
be identical to the placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

72 

We
have not and do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

The
holders of the founder shares, placement units, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each
case holders of the underlying shares of common stock) have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities
held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back 
registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

We
have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers 
liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some
circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Related
Party Policy 

We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions
discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Our
Code of Ethics us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board
of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics,
conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. Our conflict of interest policy provides that a committee of independent members of the board
of directors may, among other things, cause any officer or director who has a direct or indirect interest in a transaction to recuse
him or herself from the consideration of such transaction and, to the extent necessary, the committee may retain appropriately qualified,
non-conflicted personnel to advise the company in connection with such transaction. A form of the code of ethics is filed as an exhibit
to our registration statement for the initial public offering, which was declared effective on February 2, 2022. 

In
addition, our audit committee is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will
constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to
approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter is filed as an exhibit to the final prospectus included in
the registration statement for our initial public offering declared effective on February 2, 2022. We also require each of our directors
and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party
transactions. 

73 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in
respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our
sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to
effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following
payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds
of our initial public offering held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
 of up to an aggregate of 1,500,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover funding the Trust Account in connection with extending
 our business combination termination date and to cover our operating expenses; 

Payment
 to Murphy Canyon Management Group, Inc., an affiliate of our sponsor, of 10,000 per month, potentially through February 7, 2024,
 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment
 of non-interest bearing loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors
 to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described
 above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
 may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business
 combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. 

Our
audit committee has reviewed on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Francis Knuettel II, Chele Farley, and
Richard E. Feinberg are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our
independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, initial public offering balance sheet audit, and other required filings
with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 77,250. For the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, we paid Marcum audit fees totaling approximately 45,000. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees,
as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation. We paid Marcum for audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaling
approximately 62,387. We did not pay Marcum for audit-related fees for the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We paid Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaling 8,755. We did not pay Marcum
for tax planning and tax advice for the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for year ended December 31, 2022. We did not pay Marcum for other services for
the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior
to the completion of the audit). 

74 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements: See Index to Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule: Not applicable. 

3. 
 Exhibits:
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022, by and among Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp., Conduit Merger Sub, Inc. and Conduit Pharmaceuticals Limited (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Merger Agreement dated as of January 18, 2023, by and among Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp., Conduit Merger Sub, Inc. and Conduit Pharmaceuticals Limited (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 3.4 
 
 By Laws (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Vstock Transfer, LLC and the Company (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Amended Form of Warrant (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 2, 2022, among the Company, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 4, 2021, issued to Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 

75 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 2, 2022, between the Company and Wilmington Trust Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 2, 2022, among the Company and certain securityholders (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated November 4, 2021, between the Company and Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC. (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2022, between the Company and Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 31, 2022, by and between the Company and Murphy Canyon Management Group, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022, by and among Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. and each of the Persons set forth on Schedule I attached thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Shareholder Support Agreement dated as of November 8, 2022, by and among Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp., Conduit Pharmaceuticals Limited and each of the Persons set forth on Schedule I attached thereto. (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment to Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Investment Management Trust Agreement 
 
 14.1 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-262036) and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

76 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 28, 2023. 

MURPHY
 CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jack K. Heilbron 

Name: 
 Jack
 Heilbron 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The
undersigned directors and officers of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. constitute and appoint Jack K. Heilbron as his true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Form 10-K, and to
file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that each attorney-in-fact, or his substitute, may do or case to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jack K. Heilbron 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Jack
 Heilbron 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Adam Sragovicz 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Adam
 Sragovicz 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Francis Knuettel II 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Francis
 Knuettel II 

/s/
 Chele Farley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Chele
 Farley 

/s/
 Richard E. Feinberg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Richard
 E. Feinberg 

77 

MURPHY
CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Audited
 Financial Statements of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp.: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 19, 2021
 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Murphy
Canyon Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related statements of operations , stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from October 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination which
is less than one year form the date of the issuance of the financial statements. Additionally, the Company has incurred and expects to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
 llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 28, 2023 

F- 2 

MURPHY
CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in
 Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 offering costs 
 - 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Note
 payable Sponsor 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred
 commission payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies
 (Note 6) 
 - 

Common stock subject
 to possible redemption at redemption value shares at per share) 
 
 - 

Stockholders Equity
 (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value;
 shares authorized; (excluding subject to possible redemption) and issued and outstanding at December
 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Class B common stock, par value;
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

T otal
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

MURPHY
CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Year December 31, 2022 
 FOR
 THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Administration fee
 related party 
 
 - 

Total
 expenses 

Other Income 

Interest income 
 Investments held in Trust Account 
 
 - 

Total
 other income 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) before
 income taxes 

Income
 tax expense 
 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 

Class A common stock
 weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 - 

Class
 A common stock Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 
 
 - 

Class B common stock
 weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 (1)(2) 

Class
 B common stock Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

(1) 
 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised
 in full or in part by the underwriters. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full on February 7, 2022. As such,
 the Class B common stock is no longer subject to forfeiture (see Notes 5 and 6). 

(2)
 
 founder shares for no consideration following which the Sponsor
 holds founder shares. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender (see Note 5). 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

MURPHY
CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, October 19, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1) (2) 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 

- 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants, net
 of offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Units, net of offering
 costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption upon IPO 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Remeasurement of Class A shares to redemption
 value 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31,
 2022 

- 

(1) 
 shares of Common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full
 or in part by the underwriters. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full on February 7, 2022. As such, the Class
 B common stock is no longer subject to forfeiture (see Notes 5 and 6). 

(2)
 
 founder shares for no consideration following which the Sponsor
 holds founder shares. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender (see Note 5).

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

MURPHY
CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 FOR
 THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net income
 (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities 

Formation costs paid
 by note payable Sponsor 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities: 

Deferred offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 income taxes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Cash
 deposited into Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 
 
 Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from note payable
 - Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance
 of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Sale of units in public
 offering 
 
 - 
 
 Sale of private placement
 units 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment
 of note payable - Sponsor 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning
 of period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 at end of period 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred offering
 costs included in accrued offering costs 
 - 

Prepaid expenses
 paid by note payable - Sponsor 
 - 

Deferred offering
 costs paid by note payable - Sponsor 
 - 

Deferred commission
 payable 
 
 - 
 
 Class A shares subject to redemption 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

MURPHY
CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER
31, 2021 

 Notes
to financial statements 

units Units ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 
units (the Private Placement Units at a price of 
per Private Placement Unit in private placements to Murphy Canyon Acquisition Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), with gross
proceeds of . 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 7, 2022, an amount of from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in the Trust Account, as defined below. This resulted in an
overfunding of the Trust Account of . As such, subsequent to the initial funding of the Trust Account, was transferred
to the Company s operating cash account and was used to pay offering costs. The funds held in the Trust Account may
be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that
holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account,
as described below. 

On
November 8, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive Business Combination Agreement (the BCA with Conduit Pharmaceuticals
Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Conduit ), and Conduit Merger Sub, Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Merger
Sub ). Merger Sub is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Conduit is a pharmaceutical company led by experienced pharma executives,
established to fund the development of successful deprioritized clinical assets licensed from large pharmaceutical companies through
its exclusive relationships. The BCA was amended in January 2023, see Note 10 for additional information. 

Upon
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the BCA, Merger Sub will merge with and into Conduit, with Conduit surviving as
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Business Combination ). The Company is expected to be renamed Conduit Pharmaceuticals
Inc. at the closing of the Business Combination. 

Pursuant
to the BCA, at the closing, the Company shall issue and deliver to the shareholders of Conduit an aggregate number of shares of the Company s
common stock with an aggregate value equal to , with each share valued at per share. A private placement transaction
shall be conducted by the Company contemporaneously with the Business Combination (the PIPE Financing ), pursuant to which
the Company has entered into subscription agreements providing for aggregate investments in the Company s securities of . 

There
can be no assurance that the Business Combination or PIPE Financing will occur as planned or at all. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. All of the Public Shares contain a
redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with our initial business combination and in connection with certain amendments to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and its guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a
company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be
issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A common stock classified as
temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Class A common stock is subject to ASC
480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, we have the option to either (i) accrete changes in
the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become
redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. We
have elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction
to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). The Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified
as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

If
the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority
of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange
rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide
to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting,
and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined
below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless
the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of our initial public offering (or up to
February 7, 2024 at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, as amended at the January 2023 Special
Meeting, see Note 10) Business Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. Our Sponsor has committed to provide additional funds if needed to make such a deposit for the extensions. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
holders of the Founders Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Founder Shares acquire Public Shares in
or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to
their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will
be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value
of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered
accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the
Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Management s
Plan and Going Concern 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that the Combination Period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. There is no assurance that
the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. Additionally, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. As a result, these factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance
of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and in cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

and zero, respectively, in investments held in the Trust Account. 

consisting of 
of underwriting fees, 
of deferred underwriting fee (which are held in the Trust Account with Wilmington Trust Company acting as trustee),
and 
of Initial Public Offering costs. Of these costs, 
and 
were allocated to Public Warrants (as defined in Note 3) and Private Placement Warrants (as defined in Note 4), respectively. 

are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity (deficit) section of the Company s balance
sheet. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement
 adjustment of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, as of March 31, 2022 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment
 of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible
 redemption as of June 30, 2022 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment
of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible
 redemption as of September 30, 2022 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment
of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock
 subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

have been excluded from diluted net
loss as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common share is the same as basic net income
(loss) per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares
 outstanding 
 - 

Basic and diluted net
 income per common share 
 - 

For
 the Year Ended 

December
 31, 2022 

Class
 A common stock 

Class
 B common stock 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share 

Numerator: 

Allocation
 of net income 

Denominator: 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per common share 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022
or December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals
or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

The
Company has identified the United States and California as its only tax jurisdictions. The Company is subject to income taxation by major
taxing authorities since inception. All tax periods are open to examination by tax authorities. These examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws.
The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months. The Company actual tax expense differs from the expected tax expense due to the change in the valuation allowance. 

, and investments held in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

at December 31, 2022 and 
as of December 31, 2021. 

The
Company s portfolio of investments is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government
securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held
in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s
investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities
and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income on investments held in the Trust Account
in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using
available market information. 

Units at a price of 
per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock Public Shares and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a
price of 
per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Units at a price of 
per Private Placement Unit ).
Each Private Placement Unit is comprised of one Class A share and one warrant Private Placement Warrant ). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to
purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 
per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The Company s Sponsor has agreed to transfer, but has not yet transferred, 
Private Placement Units to each of our director nominees. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the
redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the securities comprising the Private Placement
Units will expire worthless. The Private Placement Units (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
included in the Private Placement Units) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of an
Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for . On January 26, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited Founder Shares for no consideration, following which
the Sponsor holds Founder Shares. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until
the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x)
if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
November 4, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to
which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of .
The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or
(ii) the decision not to execute the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2021, there was 
outstanding under the Promissory Note. The balance was paid in full on February 10, 2022. See Note 10, regarding a new promissory
note issued by the Sponsor to the Company for million, subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

General
and Administrative Services 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred ,
of such expenses. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In
the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The option was
fully exercised on . 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or , payable upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or . The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

In
addition to the underwriting discount, the Company paid the underwriters as an advance against out-of-pocket accountable expenses
actually anticipated to be incurred by the underwriters, which advance will be returned to the Company to the extent not actually incurred.
The Company agreed to pay or reimburse the underwriters for travel, lodging and other road show expenses, expenses of the
underwriters legal counsel and certain diligence and other fees, which such fees and expenses are capped at an aggregate of 
(less the advance previously paid). 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were and , respectively, shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding (excluding the shares subject to
possible redemption). 

Class
B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of each December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a stockholders
agreement or other arrangements with the stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance
arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to
the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all
shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed
in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest
in the target to us in a Business Combination. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise
required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a stockholders agreement or other arrangements
with the stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from
those in effect upon completion of this offering. 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years
after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 Once the warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
 the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in
the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as
described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

The
Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants are recorded in stockholders equity (deficit) as they qualify for equity treatment
under ASC 815. 

The
key assumptions used to value the Public Warrants, which was determined to be , were as follows: 

Term
 years 

Volatility

Dividends

Discount
 rate 

As
of December 31, 2021, there were assets requiring fair value measurement. 

State
 taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Income
 tax provision 

The effective tax rate differs
from the statutory tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the valuation allowance recorded on the Company s
net operating losses. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various
taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. The Company
considers California to be a significant state tax jurisdiction. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and
liabilities and the change in valuation are as follows at December 31: 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Deferred 

State and
 Local 

Current 
 - 
 
 Deferred 
 - 
 
 Change in
 valuation 

Income Tax Provision 

In assessing the realization of
the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is independent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration
of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the
deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31,2021, the change in the valuation
allowance was zero. 

of the funds remaining in the Trust Account following the redemptions made in connection with the approval of the extension proposal
at the Special Meeting. At the Special Meeting the Company s stockholders also approved a proposal to amend the Company s certificate of incorporation
to expand the methods that the Company may employ to not become subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC. 

In
connection with such proposals, the Company s public stockholders had the right to redeem their shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of
the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two days prior to such stockholder vote. The Company s public stockholders holding 
shares of Class A common stock (out of a total of shares of Class A common stock) exercised their right to redeem such shares
at a redemption price of approximately per share. Approximately million in cash was removed from the Trust Account to pay
such stockholders and, accordingly, after giving effect to such redemptions, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately million. 

As
a result of the approval of such proposals, the Company agreed to deposit into the Trust Account one-third of of the funds then on deposit
in the Trust Account for each month of the extension period, resulting in a monthly contribution of approximately per share that
was not redeemed in connection with the Special Meeting, or an aggregate of approximately per month, and an aggregate of 
if the date the Company has to consummate a business combination is extended 12 times, each assuming no interest is earned on the funds in the
Trust Account. 

On March 7, 2023, the
Company entered into a 
million promissory note with the Company s Sponsor to fund the Trust Account and for the Company s operating expenses.
On March 7, 2023 the Company s Sponsor advanced 
and will provide additional funds as necessary under the promissory note. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will
be repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination and (ii) the date that
the Company s winding up is effective. 

F- 19 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 ex4-7.htm

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As
of December 31, 2022, Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one share of Class A common stock (as defined below) and one redeemable warrant, with each
whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the units ), (ii) its Class A
common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ), and (iii) its redeemable public warrants, with each whole
warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended to date, our authorized capital stock consists of 111,000,000 shares,
consisting of (a) 110,000,000 shares of common stock, including (i) 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock, and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The following description summarizes the material terms of our
capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended to date, our bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as
an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.7
is a part. 

Defined
terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his,
her or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will
trade. 

Common
Stock 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required
by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock
that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors will be divided into three
classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There
is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted
for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and
if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if
we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required
to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial
business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account was initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share and as of the
date of this Report is expected to be approximately 11.05 per share. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold
stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions
of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules.
If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to
obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder
approval, unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, we will complete our initial business combination
only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for
such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing
a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. If we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor has agreed to vote its shares in favor of our initial
business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended to date, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
by February 7, 2024, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by
them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up
to 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering at the election of the Company subject to satisfaction of certain conditions
or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). However,
if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made
for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we provide our stockholders with the opportunity to
redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering and
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its
warrants only for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by
a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly,
unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those
shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day
after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following
the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis
pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that
such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
 once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of Class A common stock
upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable
to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Class A common stock
under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a
split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete
our initial business combination by February 7, 2024, or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete
our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of
such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common
stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another
corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we
are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms
and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable
upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including
cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or
transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event.
However, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form
of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly
exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced
as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose
of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during
the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of
the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder
for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30
days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price
for an instrument is available. 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Vstock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. You should review
a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to this Report for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the
terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement , or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the market value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the newly issued price , and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the market
value and the newly issued price . 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to
be issued to the warrant holder. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit
10.14 

AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT 

THIS
AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made as of __, 2023, by and between Murphy
Canyon Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national
banking association (the Trustee ).. Capitalized terms contained in this Amendment, but not specifically defined in this
Amendment, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Original Agreement (as defined below). 

WHEREAS,
on February 7, 2022, the Company consummated its initial public offering of units of the Company (the Units ), each of which
is composed of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and one redeemable
warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock of the Company (such initial public offering hereinafter referred
to as the Offering ); 

WHEREAS,
 134,895,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units were delivered to the Trustee to be deposited
and held in the segregated Trust Account located in the United States for the benefit of the Company and the holders of shares of Common
Stock included in the Units issued in the Offering pursuant to the Investment Management Trust Agreement made effective as of February
2, 2022, by and between the Company and the Trustee (the Original Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
the Company has sought the approval of the holders of its Class A Common Stock and holders of its Class B Common Stock at a shareholders
meeting (the Special Meeting to (i) extend the date before which the Company must complete a business combination up to
twelve (12) times, each such extension for an additional one (1) month period, from February 7, 2023, to February 7, 2024 (the Extension
Amendment and (ii) extend the date on which the Trustee must liquidate the Trust Account if the Company has not completed its
initial business combination up to twelve (12) times, each such extension for an additional one (1) month period, from February 7, 2023,
to February 7, 2024, by depositing into the Trust Account one-third of 1 of the funds remaining in the Trust Account following any redemptions
made in connection with the approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal at the Special Meeting (the Extension Payment for
each one-month extension (the Trust Amendment ); 

WHEREAS,
holders of at least 65 of the then issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, voting together as
a single class, approved the Extension Amendment, and the Trust Amendment; and 

WHEREAS,
the parties desire to amend the Original Agreement to, among other things, reflect amendments to the Original Agreement contemplated
by the Trust Amendment. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
Amendments to Trust Agreement. 

1.1.
The fifth recital of the Original Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

WHEREAS,
as described Registration Statement and in its amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as it may be further amended, the Company s
ability to complete a business combination may be extended in additional increments of one month up to a total of twenty-four (24) additional
months from the closing date of the Offering, subject to the payment into the Trust Account by the Company of one-third of 1 of the
funds remaining in the Trust Account following any redemptions in connection with the approval of the Charter Amendment Proposal at the
Special Meeting (the Extension Payment for each one-month extension ; 

2.
Amendments to Trust Agreement. 

1.1.
Section 1(a)(i) of the Original Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 

(i)
Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and within two business days following (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with
the terms of, a letter from the Company Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached
hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B , as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by an Authorized
Representative (as such term is defined below), in coordination with the Company and Vstock and complete the liquidation of the Trust
Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay any taxes (net of any taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company
to pay dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date
which is the later of (1) 12 months after the closing of the Offering or (2) such later date up to 24 months after closing of the Offering
if the Company exercises the 12 one-month extensions described in the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
as it may be further amended, if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust
Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and
the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the
Company to pay any taxes (net of any taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution
expenses) shall be distributed to the Public Stockholders of record as of such date as reflected in the records of Vstock; provided,
however, that in the event the Trustee receives a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to Exhibit B hereto,
or if the Trustee begins to liquidate the Property because it has received no such Termination Letter by the date specified in clause (y)
of this Section 1(i) , the Trustee shall keep the Trust Account open until twelve (12) months following the date the Property
has been distributed to the Public Stockholders; 

3.
Miscellaneous Provisions. 

2.1.
Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Amendment by or for the benefit of the Company or the Trustee shall bind and
inure to the benefit of their permitted respective successors and assigns. 

2.2.
Severability. This Amendment shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of this Amendment or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any
such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Amendment a
provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable. 

2.3.
Applicable Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another
jurisdiction. 

2.4.
Jurisdiction and Venue. The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City
of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN
ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 

2.5.
Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed manually or electronically (such as by DocuSign in several original,
PDF, photostatic, facsimile or other copy counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute
but one instrument. 

2.6.
Effect of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the
interpretation thereof. 

2.7.
Entire Agreement. The Original Agreement, as modified by this Amendment, constitutes the entire understanding of the parties and
supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, arrangements, promises and commitments, whether written or oral, express or
implied, relating to the subject matter hereof, and all such prior agreements, understandings, arrangements, promises and
commitments are hereby canceled and terminated. 

Signatures
on following page. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

WILMINGTON
 TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCATION, as Trustee 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MURPHY
 CANYON ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jack K. Heilbron, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has material affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially effect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jack K. Heilbron 

Jack
 K. Heilbron, 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Adam Sragovicz, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has material affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially effect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Adam Sragovicz 

Adam
 Sragovicz, 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in his capacity as CEO of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. (the Company that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(i) 
 the
 Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company on Form 10-K (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jack K. Heilbron 

Jack
 K. Heilbron, 

Chief Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in his capacity as CFO and CAO of Murphy Canyon Acquisition Corp. (the
 Company that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(i) 
 the
 Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company on Form 10-K (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Adam Sragovicz 

Adam
 Sragovicz 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 murfu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 murfu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 murfu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 murfu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

