<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1489393_0001489393-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26688767</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>426029</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3963274</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9861453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6321713</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5631780</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001489393-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223135439
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001489393-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LyondellBasell Industries N.V.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001489393
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				980646235
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			P7
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34726
		FILM NUMBER:		23658708

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 MCKINNEY ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-309-7603

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 MCKINNEY ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001489393-23-000006.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 lyb-20221231.htm
 10-K

lyb-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Ma rk One ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone numbers, including area codes) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price on that date of 87.46, was billion. For purposes of this disclosure, in addition to the registrant s executive officers and members of its Board of Directors, the registrant has included Access Industries, LLC and its affiliates as affiliates. 
 The registrant had shares outstanding at February 21, 2023 (excluding 14,430,325 treasury shares). 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Table of Contents 

 Page Cautionary statement for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 2 
 PART I Items 1. and 2. 
 Business and Properties 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 36 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 130 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 130 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 130 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 131 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 131 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 131 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 137 
 Signatures 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). You can identify our forward-looking statements by the words anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, could, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, should, will, expect, objective, projection, forecast, goal, guidance, outlook, effort, target and similar expressions. 
 We based forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections of our business and the industries in which we operate. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve assumptions about future events that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict. Our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. Any differences could result from a variety of factors, including the following: 
 the cost of raw materials represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses and energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil, natural gas liquids and/or natural gas; price volatility can significantly affect our results of operations and we may be unable to pass raw material and energy cost increases on to our customers due to the significant competition that we face, the commodity nature of our products and the time required to implement pricing changes; 
 our operations in the United States U.S. have benefited from low-cost natural gas and natural gas liquids; decreased availability of these materials (for example, from their export or regulations impacting hydraulic fracturing in the U.S.) could reduce the current benefits we receive; 
 if crude oil prices are low relative to U.S. natural gas prices, we could see less benefit from low-cost natural gas and natural gas liquids and it could have a negative effect on our results of operations; 
 industry production capacities and operating rates may lead to periods of oversupply and low profitability; 
 we may face unplanned operating interruptions (including leaks, explosions, fires, weather-related incidents, mechanical failures, unscheduled downtime, supplier disruptions, labor shortages, strikes, work stoppages or other labor difficulties, transportation interruptions, spills and releases and other environmental incidents) at any of our facilities, which would negatively impact our operating results; 
 changes in general economic, business, political and regulatory conditions in the countries or regions in which we operate could increase our costs, restrict our operations and reduce our operating results; 
 our ability to execute our organic growth plans may be negatively affected by our ability to complete projects on time and on budget; 
 our ability to acquire or dispose of product lines or businesses could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition; 
 uncertainties associated with worldwide economies could create reductions in demand and pricing, as well as increased counterparty risks, which could reduce liquidity or cause financial losses resulting from counterparty default; 
 uncertainties related to the extent of the COVID-19 pandemic due to local or regional spread of the virus; 
 the negative outcome of any legal, tax and environmental proceedings or changes in laws or regulations regarding legal, tax and environmental matters may increase our costs, reduce demand for our products, or otherwise limit our ability to achieve savings under current regulations; 
 any loss or non-renewal of favorable tax treatment under tax agreements or tax treaties, or changes in tax laws, regulations or treaties, may substantially increase our tax liabilities; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 we may be required to reduce production or idle certain facilities because of the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical and refining industries, which would negatively affect our operating results; 
 we rely on continuing technological innovation, and an inability to protect our technology, or others technological developments, could negatively impact our competitive position; 
 we have significant international operations, and fluctuations in exchange rates, valuations of currencies and our possible inability to access cash from operations in certain jurisdictions on a tax-efficient basis, if at all, could negatively affect our liquidity and our results of operations; 
 we are subject to the risks of doing business at a global level, including wars, terrorist activities, political and economic instability and disruptions and changes in governmental policies, which could cause increased expenses, decreased demand or prices for our products and/or disruptions in operations, all of which could reduce our operating results; 
 if we are unable to achieve our emission reduction, circularity, or other sustainability targets, it could result in reputational harm, changing investor sentiment regarding investment in our stock or a negative impact on our access to and cost of capital; 
 if we are unable to comply with the terms of our credit facilities, indebtedness and other financing arrangements, those obligations could be accelerated, which we may not be able to repay; and 
 we may be unable to incur additional indebtedness or obtain financing on terms that we deem acceptable, including for refinancing of our current obligations; higher interest rates and costs of financing would increase our expenses. 
 Any of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and the ultimate accuracy of the forward-looking statements. Our management cautions against putting undue reliance on forward-looking statements or projecting any future results based on such statements or present or prior earnings levels. 
 All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section and any other cautionary statements that may accompany such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the Risk Factors section of this report. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Items 1 and 2. Business and Properties. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 LyondellBasell Industries N.V. is a global, independent chemical company and was incorporated, as a Naamloze Vennootschap, under Dutch law on October 15, 2009. Unless otherwise indicated, the Company, we, our, us and LyondellBasell are used in this report to refer to the businesses of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 We participate globally across the petrochemical value chain and are an industry leader in many of our product lines. Our chemicals businesses consist primarily of large processing plants that convert large volumes of liquid and gaseous hydrocarbon feedstocks into plastic resins and other chemicals. Our chemical products tend to be basic building blocks for other chemicals and plastics. Our plastic products are used in large volumes as well as smaller specialty applications. Our customers use our plastics and chemicals to manufacture a wide range of products that people use in their everyday lives including food packaging, home furnishings, automotive components, paints and coatings. Our refining business consists of our Houston refinery, which processes crude oil into refined products such as gasoline and distillates. We also develop and license chemical and polyolefin process technologies and manufacture and sell polyolefin catalysts. 
 Our financial performance is influenced by the supply and demand for our products, the cost and availability of feedstocks and commodity products, global and regional production capacity, our operational efficiency and our ability to control costs. We have a strong operational focus and, as a producer of large volume commodities, continuously strive to differentiate ourselves through safe, reliable and low-cost operations in all our businesses. We purchase large quantities of natural gas, electricity and steam which we use as energy to fuel our facilities and purchase large quantities of natural gas liquids and crude oil derivatives which we use as feedstocks. The relatively low cost of natural gas-derived raw materials in the U.S. versus the global cost of crude oil-derived raw materials has had a significant positive influence on the profitability of our North American operations. 
 
 SEGMENTS 
 We manage our operations through six operating segments. Our reportable segments are: 
 Olefins and Polyolefins-Americas O P-Americas ). Our O P-Americas segment produces and markets olefins and co-products, polyethylene and polypropylene. 
 Olefins and Polyolefins-Europe, Asia, International O P-EAI ). Our O P-EAI segment produces and markets olefins and co-products, polyethylene and polypropylene. 
 Intermediates and Derivatives I D ). Our I D segment produces and markets propylene oxide and its derivatives; oxyfuels and related products; and intermediate chemicals, such as styrene monomer, acetyls, ethylene oxide and ethylene glycol. 
 Advanced Polymer Solutions APS ). Our APS segment produces and markets compounding and solutions, such as polypropylene compounds, engineered plastics, masterbatches, engineered composites, colors and powders, and advanced polymers, which includes Catalloy and polybutene-1. 
 Refining . Our Refining segment refines heavy, high-sulfur crude oil and other crude oils of varied types and sources available on the U.S. Gulf Coast into refined products, including gasoline and distillates. 
 Technology . Our Technology segment develops and licenses chemical and polyolefin process technologies and manufactures and sells polyolefin catalysts. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Financial information about our business segments and geographical areas can be found in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Information about the locations where we produce our primary products can be found under Description of Properties. No single customer accounted for 10 or more of our total revenues in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Olefins and Polyolefins Segments Generally 
 We are one of the leading worldwide producers of olefins and polyethylene PE and we are the world s second largest producer of polypropylene PP ). We manage our olefin and polyolefin business in two reportable segments, O P-Americas and O P-EAI. 
 Olefins Co-products Ethylene is the most significant petrochemical in terms of worldwide production volume and is the key building block for PE and many other chemicals and plastics. Ethylene is produced by steam cracking hydrocarbons such as ethane, propane, butane and naphtha. This production results in co-products such as aromatics and other olefins, including propylene and butadiene. Ethylene and its co-products are fundamental to many parts of the economy, including the production of consumer products, packaging, housing and automotive components and other durable and nondurable goods. Olefins co-products sales accounted for approximately 9 , 11 and 9 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Polyolefins Polyolefins such as PE and PP are polymers derived from olefins including ethylene and propylene. Polyolefins are the most widely used thermoplastics in the world and are found in applications and products that enhance the everyday quality of life. Our products are used in consumer, automotive and industrial applications ranging from food and beverage packaging to housewares and construction materials. 
 Polyethylene We produce high density polyethylene HDPE ), low density polyethylene LDPE and linear low-density polyethylene LLDPE ). PE sales accounted for approximately 19 , 22 and 21 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Polypropylene We produce PP homopolymers and copolymers. PP sales accounted for approximately 13 , 17 and 16 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Olefins and Polyolefins-Americas Segment 
 Overview Our O P-Americas segment produces and markets olefins and co-products, polyethylene and polypropylene. 
 Sales Marketing / Customers Most of the ethylene we produce is consumed internally as a raw material in the production of PE and other derivatives, with the balance sold to third party customers, primarily under multi-year contracts. 
 We use all the propylene we produce in the production of PP, propylene oxide and other derivatives of those products. We also purchase propylene from third parties. In addition to purchases of propylene, we purchase ethylene for resale, when necessary, to satisfy customer demand above our own production levels. Volumes of any of these products purchased for resale can vary significantly from period to period and are typically most significant during extended outages of our own production, such as during planned maintenance. However, purchased volumes have not historically had a significant impact on profits, except to the extent that they replace our lower-cost production. We also consume PP in our PP compounding business, which is included in our APS segment. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Most of the ethylene and propylene production from our Channelview, Corpus Christi and La Porte, Texas facilities is shipped via a pipeline system, which has connections to numerous U.S. Gulf Coast consumers. This pipeline system extends from Corpus Christi to Mont Belvieu, Texas. In addition, exchange agreements with other ethylene and co-products producers allow access to customers who are not directly connected to this pipeline system. Some ethylene is shipped by railcar from our Clinton, Iowa facility to our Morris, Illinois facility and some is shipped directly to customers. Propylene from Clinton and Morris is generally shipped by marine vessel, barge, railcar or truck. 
 Our PP and PE production is typically sold through our sales organization to an extensive base of established customers and distributors servicing both the domestic and export markets either under annual contracts or on a spot basis. We have sales offices in various locations in North America and our polyolefins are primarily transported in North America by railcar or truck. Export sales are primarily to customers in Latin America, with sales to Asia expected to increase in the coming years as global supply and demand balances shift. 
 Joint Venture Relationships We have a 50 interest in Louisiana Integrated PolyEthylene JV LLC Louisiana Joint Venture which provides us with capacity of approximately 770 thousand tons of ethylene and 445 thousand tons of low density and linear-low density PE production per year. We operate the joint venture assets and market the polyethylene off-take for all partners through our global sales team. We also participate in a joint venture in Mexico, which provides us with capacity of approximately 290 thousand tons of PP production per year. We do not hold a majority interest in or have operational control of this joint venture. 
 The capacities are based on our percentage ownership of the joint venture s total capacity. 
 Raw Materials Raw material cost is the largest component of the total cost to produce ethylene and its co-products. The primary raw materials used in our Americas olefin facilities are natural gas liquids NGLs and heavy liquids. Heavy liquids include crude oil-based naphtha and other refined products, as well as condensate, a very light crude oil resulting from natural gas production. NGLs include ethane, propane and butane. The use of heavy liquid raw materials results in the production of significant volumes of co-products such as propylene, butadiene and benzene, as well as gasoline blending components, while the use of NGLs results in the production of fewer co-products. 
 Our ability to pass on raw material price increases to our customers is dependent on market-driven demand for olefins and polyolefins. Sales prices for products sold in the spot market are determined by market forces. Our contract prices are influenced by product supply and demand conditions, spot prices, indices published in industry publications and, in some instances, cost recovery formulas. 
 Technological advances for extracting shale-based oil and gas have led to an increased supply of NGLs, providing a cost advantage over heavy liquids, particularly in the U.S. A plant s flexibility to consume a wide range of raw materials generally provides an advantage over plants that are restricted in their processing capabilities. Our Americas facilities can process significant quantities of either heavy liquids or NGLs. We estimate that in the U.S. we can produce up to approximately 90 of our total ethylene output using NGLs. Changes in the raw material feedstock mix utilized in the production process will result in variances in production capacities among products. We believe our raw material flexibility in the U.S. is a key advantage in our production of ethylene and its co-products. 
 Industry Dynamics / Competition With respect to olefins and polyolefins, competition is based on price and, to a lesser extent, on product quality, product delivery, reliability of supply, product performance and customer service. Profitability is affected not only by supply and demand for olefins and polyolefins, but also by raw material costs and price competition among producers, which may intensify due to, among other things, the addition of new capacity. In general, demand is a function of economic growth, including the regional dynamics that underlie global growth trends. 
 We compete in North America with other large marketers and producers, including global chemical companies, chemical divisions of large oil companies and regional marketers and producers. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Based on published capacity data and including our proportionate share of joint ventures, we believe as of December 31, 2022, we were: 
 the third largest producer of ethylene in North America, with ethylene capacity of 6.2 million tons per year; 
 the third largest producer of PE in North America with capacity of 4.1 million tons per year; and 
 the second largest producer of PP in North America, with capacity of 1.9 million tons per year, including approximately 280 thousand tons of Catalloy capacity reported within our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment. 
 
 Olefins and Polyolefins-Europe, Asia, International Segment 
 Overview Our O P-EAI segment produces and markets olefins and co-products, polyethylene and polypropylene. 
 Sales Marketing / Customers Our ethylene production is primarily consumed internally as a raw material in the production of polyolefins, and we purchase additional ethylene as needed to meet our production needs. Our propylene production is used as a raw material in the production of PP and propylene oxide and derivatives of those products, and we regularly purchase propylene from third parties because our internal needs exceed our internal production. 
 With respect to PP and PE, our production is typically sold through our sales organization to an extensive base of established customers under annual contracts or on a spot basis and is also sold through distributors. Our polyolefins are primarily transported in Europe by railcar or truck. 
 Our regional sales offices are in various locations, including The Netherlands, Hong Kong, China, India and the United Arab Emirates. We also operate through a worldwide network of local sales and representative offices in Europe and Asia. Our joint ventures described below typically manage their domestic sales and marketing efforts independently, and we typically operate as their agent for all or a portion of their exports. 
 Joint Venture Relationships We participate in several manufacturing joint ventures in Saudi Arabia, China, Poland, South Korea, Thailand and The Netherlands. We do not hold majority interests in any of these joint ventures, nor do we have operational control. These joint ventures provide us with additional annual production capacity of approximately 1.6 million tons of PP, approximately 1.2 million tons of olefins and approximately 770 thousand tons of PE. These capacities are based on our percentage ownership interest in the joint ventures total capacities. 
 Our 50 joint venture in Quality Circular Polymers QCP ), located in The Netherlands, uses mechanical recycling to transform post-consumer plastic waste into high-quality polymers that can be used to make new products. The QCP plants, located in The Netherlands and Belgium, are capable of converting consumer waste into 55 thousand tons of recycled polypropylene and recycled high-density polyethylene annually. 
 We generally license our polyolefin process technologies and supply catalysts to our joint ventures through our Technology segment. Some of our joint ventures are able to source cost advantaged raw materials from their local shareholders. 
 Raw Materials Raw material cost is the largest component of the total cost for the production of olefins and co-products. The primary raw material used in our European olefin facilities is naphtha; however, we also have the capability to displace up to half of our European assets naphtha needs with other feedstocks, such as liquified petroleum gases. We have flexibility to vary the raw material mix and process conditions in our plants in order to maximize profitability as market prices for both feedstocks and products change. 
 The principal raw materials used in the production of polyolefins are propylene and ethylene. In Europe, we have the capacity to produce approximately 60 of the propylene requirements for our European PP production and all of the ethylene requirements for our European PE production. Propylene and ethylene requirements that are not produced internally are generally acquired pursuant to long-term contracts with third party suppliers or via spot purchases. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to pass through the increased cost of raw materials to customers is dependent on global market demand for olefins and polyolefins. In general, the pricing for purchases and sales of most products is determined by global market forces, including the impacts of foreign exchange rates relative to the pricing of the underlying raw materials, most of which are priced in U.S. dollars. There can be a lag between raw material price changes and contract product price changes that will cause volatility in our product margins. 
 Industry Dynamics / Competition With respect to olefins and polyolefins, competition is based on price, product quality, product delivery, reliability of supply, product performance and customer service. We compete with regional and multinational chemical companies and divisions of large oil companies. The petrochemical market has been affected by the price volatility of naphtha, the primary feedstock for olefins in the region. 
 Based on published capacity data and including our proportionate share of our joint ventures, we believe as of December 31, 2022, we were: 
 the fifth largest producer of ethylene in Europe with an ethylene capacity of 1.9 million tons per year; 
 the largest producer of PE in Europe with 2.1 million tons per year of capacity; and 
 the largest producer of PP in Europe with 2.7 million tons per year of capacity, including approximately 280 thousand tons of Catalloy capacity reported within our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment. 
 
 Intermediates and Derivatives Segment 
 Overview Our I D segment produces and markets propylene oxide PO and its derivatives, oxyfuels and related products, and intermediate chemicals such as styrene monomer SM ), acetyls, and ethylene oxides and derivatives. 
 PO and Derivatives We produce PO through two distinct technologies, one of which yields tertiary butyl alcohol TBA as the co-product and the other of which yields SM as the co-product. The two technologies are mutually exclusive with dedicated assets for manufacturing either PO/TBA or PO/SM. PO is an intermediate commodity chemical and is a precursor of polyols, propylene glycol, propylene glycol ethers and butanediol. PO and derivatives are used in a variety of durable and consumable items with key applications such as polyurethanes used for insulation, automotive/furniture cushioning, coatings, surfactants, synthetic resins and several other household usages. We constructed a world-scale PO/TBA plant in Houston, Texas with start-up activities on track for the first quarter of 2023, for a total cost of approximately 3.7 billion. This plant has the capacity to produce 470 thousand tons of PO and 1.0 million tons of TBA per year. 
 Oxyfuels and Related Products We produce two distinct ether-based oxyfuels, methyl tertiary butyl ether MTBE and ethyl tertiary butyl ether ETBE ). These oxyfuels are produced by converting the TBA co-product of PO into isobutylene and reacting with methanol or ethanol to produce either MTBE or ETBE. Both are used as high-octane gasoline components that help gasoline burn cleaner and reduce automobile emissions. Other TBA derivatives, which we refer to as C4 chemicals, are largely used to make synthetic rubber and other gasoline additives. 
 Intermediate Chemicals We produce other commodity chemicals that utilize ethylene as a key component feedstock, including SM, acetyls and ethylene oxide derivatives. SM is utilized in various applications such as plastics, expandable polystyrene for packaging, foam cups and containers, insulation products and durables and engineering resins. Our acetyls products comprise methanol, glacial acetic acid GAA and vinyl acetate monomer VAM ). Natural gas (methane) is the feedstock for methanol, some of which is converted to GAA, and a portion of the GAA is reacted with ethylene to create VAM. VAM is an intermediate chemical used in fabric or wood treatments, pigments, coatings, films and adhesives. Ethylene oxide is an intermediate chemical that is used to produce ethylene glycol, glycol ethers and other derivatives. Ethylene oxide and its derivatives are used in the production of polyester, antifreeze fluids, solvents and other chemical products. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Marketing / Customers We sell our PO and derivatives through multi-year sales and processing agreements as well as spot sales. Some of our sales agreements have cost plus pricing terms. PO and derivatives are transported by barge, marine vessel, pipeline, railcar and tank truck. 
 We sell our oxyfuels and related products under market and cost-based sales agreements and in the spot market. Oxyfuels are transported by barge, marine vessel and tank truck and are used as octane blending components worldwide outside of the U.S. due to their blending characteristics and emission benefits. C4 chemicals, such as high-purity isobutylene, are sold to producers of synthetic rubber and other chemical products primarily in the U.S. and Europe, and are transported by railcar, tank truck, pipeline and marine shipments. The sales of oxyfuels and related products accounted for approximately 11 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 and 8 of consolidated revenues in each of 2021 and 2020. 
 Intermediate chemicals are shipped by barge, marine vessel, pipeline, railcar and tank truck. SM is sold globally into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia and South America export markets through spot sales and commercial contracts. Within acetyls, methanol is consumed internally to make GAA, used as a feedstock for oxyfuels and related products and also sold directly into the merchant commercial market. GAA is converted with ethylene to produce VAM which is sold worldwide under multi-year commercial contracts and on a spot basis. 
 Sales of our PO and derivatives, oxyfuels and related products, and intermediate chemicals are made by our marketing and sales personnel, and also through distributors in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and the Asia-Pacific region. 
 Joint Venture Relationships We have two PO joint ventures with Covestro AG, one in the U.S. and one in Europe. We operate all production facilities for the PO joint ventures. Covestro s interest in the U.S. PO joint ventures represents ownership of an in-kind portion of the PO production of 680 thousand tons per year. We take, in-kind, the remaining PO production and all co-product production. Covestro also has the right to 50 of the PO and SM production of our European PO joint venture. Our proportional production capacity provided through this venture is approximately 160 thousand tons of PO and approximately 340 thousand tons of SM. We do not share marketing or product sales with Covestro under either of these PO joint ventures. 
 We also have two joint venture manufacturing relationships in China with China Petroleum Chemical Corporation Sinopec ). The first joint venture provides us with production capacity of approximately 50 thousand tons of PO per year. The second joint venture, which began production in January 2022, provides us with annual production capacity of approximately 140 thousand tons of PO and 300 thousand tons of SM. These capacities are based on our operational share of the joint ventures total capacities. We market our share of the joint ventures production in the Chinese market. 
 Raw Materials The cost of raw materials is the largest component of total production cost for PO, its co-products and its derivatives. Propylene, isobutane or mixed butane, ethylene and benzene are the primary raw materials used in the production of PO and its co-products. The market prices of these raw materials historically have been related to the price of crude oil, NGLs and natural gas, as well as supply and demand for the raw materials. 
 In the U.S., we obtain a large portion of our propylene, benzene and ethylene raw materials needed for the production of PO and its co-products from our O P-Americas segment and to a lesser extent from third parties. Raw materials for the non-U.S. production of PO and its co-products are obtained from our O P-EAI segment and from third parties. We consume a significant portion of our internally produced PO in the production of PO derivatives. 
 The raw material requirements not sourced internally are purchased at market-based prices from numerous suppliers in the U.S. and Europe with which we have established contractual relationships, as well as in the spot market. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 For the production of oxyfuels, we purchase our ethanol feedstock requirements from third parties, and obtain our methanol from both internal production and external sources. Carbon monoxide and methanol are the primary raw materials required for the production of GAA. We source carbon monoxide from internal production, which can be complemented by purchases from external sources as needed. The methanol required for our downstream production of acetyls is internally sourced from our methanol plants in La Porte, Texas, and Channelview, Texas. Natural gas is the primary raw material required for the production of methanol. 
 In addition to ethylene, acetic acid is a primary raw material for the production of VAM. We obtain all our requirements for acetic acid and ethylene from our internal production. Historically, we have used a large percentage of our acetic acid production to produce VAM. 
 Industry Dynamics / Competition With respect to product competition, the market is influenced and based on a variety of factors, including product quality, price, reliability of supply, technical support, customer service and potential substitute materials. Profitability is affected by the worldwide level of demand along with price competition, which may intensify due to, among other things, new industry capacity and industry outages. Demand growth could be impacted by further development of alternative bio-based methodologies. Our major worldwide competitors include other multinational chemical and refining companies as well as some regional marketers and producers. 
 Based on published capacity data and including our proportionate share of our joint ventures, we believe as of December 31, 2022, we were: 
 the second largest producer of PO worldwide; and 
 the second largest producer of oxyfuels worldwide. 
 
 Advanced Polymer Solutions Segment 
 Overview Our APS segment produces and markets compounding and solutions, such as polypropylene compounds, engineered plastics, masterbatches, colors and powders, engineered composites and advanced polymers, which include Catalloy and polybutene-1 polyolefin resins. In the first quarter of 2023, our Catalloy and polybutene-1 products, previously reflected in our APS segment, will be transferred to and reflected in our O P-Americas and O P-EAI segments. 
 Compounding and Solutions Our polypropylene compounds are produced from blends of polyolefins and additives and are largely focused on automotive applications. Engineered plastics and engineered composites add value for more specialized high-performance applications used across a variety of industries. Masterbatches are compounds that provide differentiated properties when combined with commodity plastics used in packaging, agriculture and durable goods applications. Specialty powders are largely used to mold toys, industrial tanks and sporting goods such as kayaks. Performance colors provide powdered, pelletized and liquid color concentrates for the plastics industry. 
 Advanced Polymers Catalloy and polybutene-1 are unique polymers that can be used within the segment for downstream compounding or can be sold as raw materials to third parties. Catalloy is a line of differentiated propylene-based polymers that add value in packaging applications and construction materials such as the white membranes used in the commercial roofing market. Polybutene-1 is used in both specialty piping and packaging applications. 
 Sales Marketing / Customers Our products are sold through our global sales organization to a broad base of established customers and distributors. These products are transported to our customers primarily by either truck or bulk rail. The sales of compounding and solutions products accounted for approximately 8 , 9 and 12 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Joint Venture Relationships We participate in several manufacturing joint ventures in Saudi Arabia, Indonesia and Thailand. We hold majority interests and have operational control of the joint ventures in Indonesia. We do not hold majority interests in any of the remaining joint ventures, nor do we have operational control. These ventures provide us with additional production capacity of approximately 70 thousand tons of compounding and solutions. These capacities are based on our percentage ownership interest in the joint ventures total capacities. 
 Raw Materials The principal materials used in the production of our compounding and solutions products are polypropylene, polyethylene, polystyrene, nylon and titanium dioxide. Raw materials required for the production of our compounding and solutions products are obtained from our wholly owned or joint venture facilities and from a number of major plastic resin producers or other suppliers at market-based prices. 
 The principal raw materials used in the production of advanced polymers are ethylene, propylene and butene-1. Ethylene and propylene requirements that are not produced internally and externally supplied butene-1 are acquired through long-term contracts with third party suppliers or via spot purchases. 
 Our ability to pass through the increased cost of raw materials to customers is dependent on global market demand. In general, the pricing for purchases and sales of most products is determined by global market forces. 
 Industry Dynamics / Competition With respect to product competition, the market is influenced and based on a variety of factors, including product development, price, product quality, product delivery, reliability of supply, product performance and customer service. We compete with regional and multinational marketers and producers of plastic resins and compounds. As polypropylene compounds are largely utilized in the automotive industry, we are also exposed to the volatility of this industry, which has significantly decreased since 2019. 
 Based on published capacity data and including our proportionate share of our joint ventures, we believe as of December 31, 2022, we were the largest global producer of polypropylene compounds. 
 
 Refining Segment 
 Overview The primary products of our Refining segment are refined products made from heavy, high-sulfur crude oil and other crude oils of varied types and sources available on the U.S. Gulf Coast. These refined products include gasoline and distillates. 
 Sales Marketing / Customers The Houston refinery s products are primarily sold in bulk to other refiners, marketers, distributors and wholesalers at market-related prices. Most of the Houston refinery s products are sold under contracts with a term of one year or less or are sold in the spot market. The Houston refinery s products generally are transported to customers via pipelines and terminals owned and operated by other parties. The sales of refined products accounted for approximately 22 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 and 16 of consolidated revenues in each of 2021 and 2020. 
 Raw Materials Our Houston refinery, which is located on the Houston Ship Channel in Houston, Texas, has a crude oil processing capacity of approximately 268 thousand barrels per day on a calendar day basis (normal operating basis), or approximately 292 thousand barrels per day on a stream day basis (maximum achievable over a 24-hour period). The Houston refinery is a full conversion refinery designed to refine heavy, high-sulfur crude oil. This crude oil is more viscous and denser than traditional crude oil and contains higher concentrations of sulfur and heavy metals, making it more difficult to refine into gasoline and other high-value fuel products. As a result, high-sulfur crude oil has historically been less costly to purchase than light, low-sulfur crude oil. U.S. production is predominantly light sweet crude and much of the heavy crude has generally been imported from Canada, Mexico and other global producers, which has at times been subject to supply disruptions. 
 We purchase the crude oil used as a raw material for the Houston refinery on the open market on a spot basis and under a number of supply agreements with regional producers, generally with terms varying from three months to one year. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Industry Dynamics / Competition Our refining competitors are major integrated oil companies, refineries owned or controlled by foreign governments and independent domestic refiners. Based on published data, as of January 2022, there were 130 operable crude oil refineries in the U.S., and total U.S. refinery capacity was approximately 18 million barrels per day. During 2022, the Houston refinery processed an average of approximately 238 thousand barrels per day of heavy crude oil. 
 Our refining operations compete for the purchases of crude oil based on price and quality. Supply disruptions could impact the availability and pricing. We compete in gasoline and distillate markets as a bulk supplier of fungible products satisfying industry and government specifications. Competition is based on price and location. 
 The markets for fuel products tend to be volatile as well as cyclical due to supply and demand fundamentals and changing crude oil and refined product prices. Crude oil prices are impacted by worldwide political events, the economics of exploration and production and refined products demand. Prices and demand for fuel products are influenced by seasonal and short-term factors such as weather and driving patterns, as well as by longer term issues such as the economy, environmental concerns, energy conservation and alternative fuels. Industry fuel products supply is dependent on short-term industry operating capabilities and on long-term refining capacity. 
 A crack spread is a benchmark indication of refining margins based on the processing of a specific type of crude oil into an assumed selection of major refined products. The Houston refinery generally tracks the Maya 2-1-1 crack spread, which represents the difference between the current month U.S. Gulf Coast price of two barrels of Maya crude oil as set by Petr leos Mexicanos and one barrel each of U.S. Gulf Coast Reformulated Blendstock for Oxygen Blending Gasoline and of U.S. Gulf Coast Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel. While these benchmark refining spreads are generally indicative of the level of profitability at the Houston refinery and similarly configured refineries, there are many other factors specific to each refinery and the industry in general, such as the value of refinery by-products, which influence operating results. Refinery by-products are products other than gasoline and distillates that represent about one-third of the total product volume, and include coke, sulfur, and lighter materials such as NGLs and crude olefins streams. The cost of Renewable Identification Numbers RINs ), which are renewable fuel credits mandated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA ), can also affect profitability. 
 In April 2022 we announced our decision to cease operation of our Houston refinery no later than the end of 2023 after determining that exiting the refining business is our best strategic and financial path forward. Our exit of the refining business progresses our greenhouse gas GHG emission reduction goals, and the site s prime location gives us more options for advancing our future strategic objectives, including circularity. In the interim, we will continue serving the fuels market. 
 
 Technology Segment 
 Overview Our Technology segment develops and licenses chemical and polyolefin process technologies and manufactures and sells polyolefin catalysts. We market our process technologies and our polyolefin catalysts to external customers and also use them in our own manufacturing operations. Over the past three years, approximately 20 to 25 of our catalyst sales were sold internally to other segments. 
 Our polyolefin process licenses are structured to provide a standard core technology, with individual customer needs met by adding customized modules that provide the required capabilities to produce the defined production grade slate and plant capacity. In addition to the basic license agreement, a range of services can also be provided, including project assistance, training, assistance in starting up the plant and ongoing technical support after start-up. We may also offer marketing and sales services. In addition, licensees may continue to purchase polyolefin catalysts that are consumed in the production process, generally under long-term catalyst supply agreements with us. 
 Research and Development Our research and development R D activities are designed to improve our existing products and processes, and discover and commercialize new materials, catalysts and processes. These activities focus on product and application development, process development, catalyst development and fundamental polyolefin-focused research. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, our R D expenditures were 124 million, 124 million and 113 million, respectively. A portion of these expenses are related to technical support and customer service and are allocated to the other business segments. In 2022, 2021, and 2020 approximately 45 of all R D costs were allocated to business segments other than Technology. 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 We maintain an extensive patent portfolio and continue to file new patent applications in the U.S. and other countries. As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 6,000 patents and patent applications worldwide. Our patents and trade secrets cover our processes, products and catalysts and are significant to our competitive position, particularly with regard to PO, intermediate chemicals, petrochemicals, polymers and our process technologies. While we believe that our intellectual property provides competitive advantages, we do not regard our businesses as being materially dependent upon any single patent, trade secret or trademark. Some of our production capacity operates under licenses from third parties. 
 
 Environmental 
 Most of our operations are affected by national, state, regional and local environmental laws. Matters pertaining to the environment are discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors ; Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings ; Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s; and Notes 2 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We have made, and intend to continue to make, the expenditures necessary for compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental, health and safety matters. We incurred capital expenditures of 194 million in 2022 for health, safety and environmental compliance purposes and improvement programs, and estimate such expenditures to be approximately 325 million in 2023 and 300 million in 2024. 
 While capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental compliance, including compliance with potential legislation and potential regulation related to climate change, cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe they will have a material effect on our competitive position in the near term. 
 While there can be no assurance that physical impacts to our facilities and supply chain due to climate change will not occur in the future, we do not believe these impacts are material in the near term. 
 
 Sustainability 
 LyondellBasell has established sustainability goals focusing on three key areas: ending plastic waste, addressing climate change and advancing a thriving society. One of our sustainability goals is to produce and market at least two million metric tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 2030, which represents approximately 20 of our 2022 global sales of polyethylene and polypropylene. Since 2019, we have produced and marketed products with more than 175,000 metric tons of recycled and renewable content. 
 In December 2022 we announced more ambitious climate reduction goals, increasing our 2030 GHG emissions reduction target for scope 1 and scope 2 emissions from 30 to 42 , relative to a 2020 baseline. In addition, we established a 2030 scope 3 GHG emissions reduction target of 30 , relative to a 2020 baseline, to align with science-based guidance. 
 As we progress in our efforts to achieve our goal to produce and market two million metric tons of recycled and renewable-based products, the corresponding increases in recycling rates will positively impact scope 3 emissions. We expect the emissions reductions we will get from accomplishing this goal to be incremental to the plans we currently have to reduce our scope 3 emissions by 30 by 2030. We estimate approximately 1 million metric tons of scope 3 reductions coming from achieving our circularity ambition. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 As announced in April 2022, we are planning to close our Houston refinery by the end of December 2023. This is expected to reduce scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by more than 3 million metric tons annually and scope 3 emissions by approximately 40 million metric tons annually. 
 Certain GHG emissions reduction initiatives planned for implementation by 2030 are expected to begin in the near-term as we plan to leverage existing asset turnaround schedules for our largest sites. In 2024, our Wesseling site in Germany is planning implementation of process heat recovery projects, electrification of a large process turbine and optimization of steam demand, including phasing out the use of coal, reducing scope 1 emissions by 150 thousand metric tons annually when compared to the average for 2019 and 2020. In 2025, at our Channelview site in Texas we plan to optimize heated equipment through advanced digitization, efficiency improvements and fuel management. 
 Our previously announced goal to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from global operations by 2050 remains unchanged. Our ambition to achieve net zero by 2050 will need to be enabled by the development and deployment of new technology, including those related to cracker electrification, the use of hydrogen, carbon capture and storage and carbon utilization, across our manufacturing footprint. 
 We also aim to secure at least 50 of our global electricity from renewable sources by 2030. As of February 2023, we have executed eight power purchase agreements, achieving over half of our 2030 target. These agreements will generate over 2.6 million megawatt hours of renewable electricity annually and reduce our scope 2 emissions by nearly 1 million metric tons of carbon emissions. 
 To achieve our targets, we expect capital spending in the future will include investments to support lowering emissions in our operations. We also anticipate incurring costs for environmental compliance, including compliance with potential legislation and potential regulation related to climate change. We expect capital spending to support these ambitions will represent approximately 15 of total capital expenditures over the next two years. While many of the GHG emissions reduction projects are still in the early stages of development, we will evaluate, pursue and prioritize our GHG emission investments based on a rate of return for the project. 
 
 Human Capital 
 Our success as a company is tied to the passion, knowledge and talent of our global team. To achieve our vision of being the best operated and most valued company in the industry, we must attract top performers and equip them with the tools needed to continuously grow and leverage their potential. 
 Our Code of Conduct sets out our expectations on topics such as respecting fellow employees, anti-corruption, conflicts of interest, trade compliance, anti-trust and competition law, insider trading, sanctions, misconduct and political donations. It is available in seventeen languages on our company website. New employees are trained on the Code of Conduct and all employees receive annual refresher training. We also have a human rights policy that establishes our standards for workforce health and safety; prevention of discrimination, harassment and retaliation; diversity and inclusion; workplace security; working conditions and fair wages; freedom of association; freely chosen employment; and child labor protections. 
 Safety, Employee Health and Well-Being We are committed to providing a safe workplace, free from recognized hazards, and we comply with all applicable health and safety laws and recognized standards. GoalZERO is our commitment to operating safely and with a goal of zero incidents, zero injuries and zero accidents. We cultivate a GoalZERO mindset with clear standards, regular communication, training, and targeted campaigns and events, including our annual Global Safety Day. 
 Workplace Flexibility We continued to support workplace flexibility in 2022 as a result of feedback we received from employees. Based in part on data from employee surveys, we enhanced our workplace flexibility initiative in early 2023 by offering up to three remote days per work week. These changes have helped to attract and retain employees. We will continue to study the effectiveness of this policy and will make changes, where necessary, to support business needs. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Global Talent Development and Engagement To prepare our key individuals for advancement to larger roles, we tripled participation in our executive mentoring and peer learning programs. In addition, we launched a new program in partnership with external consultants to help diverse employees advance their leadership skills. Approximately 83 of our openings in leadership roles were filled by internal talent. 
 Demographics As of December 31, 2022 we had approximately 19,300 employees. Our employee demographics, excluding temporary employees, consisted of the following: 
 
 U.S. Underrepresented population URP is based on reporting for the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC ), and includes employees who self-identify as Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Asian or Pacific Islander, Indian, Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or two or more races. Employees who self-identify as White or Caucasian are considered U.S. Non-Underrepresented. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion DEI remained a key focus in 2022. Our efforts reflect a holistic, multi-year strategy to improve representation, ensure fairness, and increase visibility and accountability to leadership. 
 Diversity (Representation) The percentage of diverse employees on our Executive Committee, which reports directly to our CEO, increased from 18 in 2021 to 33 in 2022, and as of February 2023, has increased to 40 . Of the ten members on our Executive Committee, four are women, and together, our CEO and Executive Committee represent six different nationalities. This increase brings us closer to our long-term goals of achieving gender parity in global senior leadership. We are also committed to increasing the number of underrepresented senior leaders in the U.S. to reflect the general population ratio by 2032. To meet these targets, we have set short-term goals to increase the number of female senior leaders globally and the number of underrepresented senior leaders in the U.S. by 50 by 2027, relative to a 2022 baseline. These ambitious goals demonstrate our commitment to having a diverse group of company leaders. 
 To achieve these goals, we focused on enhancing our hiring, promotion and retention practices. With respect to hiring, we expanded our existing senior-level hiring practices to a larger group of positions. These practices include broader recruiting efforts, diverse interview panels and candidate slates, standardized interview questions and hiring-manager training. With respect to promotions, we launched a new program to help diverse employees advance their leadership skills. We also continued to develop and improve our internal talent programs. Through these efforts, we promoted 16 more women in 2022 than in 2021. Indeed, increased promotions of women were the main reason the number of women in senior leadership globally increased by 1 to 22 in 2022. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 While we are making significant efforts, our progress towards our goals in 2022 was negatively impacted by increased attrition of both women and URP leaders. Despite increased hiring and promotions of URP employees, the number of URP senior leaders in the U.S. decreased by 1 from 2021 to 18 in 2022. We continue to analyze retention issues to understand attrition drivers and to enhance our employee engagement efforts. Other factors impacting our results were the challenging external talent market and the addition of new senior leadership roles due to the Company s growth initiatives. We recognize that building talent pipelines and transforming culture takes time, and we remain committed to frequently assessing outcomes and developing programs that will advance these goals. 
 Equity (Fairness For the second consecutive year, we completed a pay equity review and performance analysis. Our pay equity review compared pay for like jobs and specifically focused on base pay for gender (globally) and ethnicity (U.S. only). Consistent with 2021 findings, the review reflected that pay is generally administered fairly with a small number of exceptions that should be remediated by the second quarter of 2023. We also confirmed that performance appraisals are generally administered fairly. Both of these annual review processes are now embedded in our HR processes. 
 
 The Company also implemented several practices to advance pay equity, including: 
 
 Ensuring that job offers are based on the role, market competitiveness, and a candidate's level of proficiency and experience and not based on a candidate s historical compensation; 
 Modifying promotion practices to ensure pay fairness is applied consistently for internal candidates compared to external hires; 
 Helping line managers conduct an internal equity review for their employees and, when necessary, making compensation adjustments; and 
 Establishing a consistent framework for recognizing and retaining employees. 
 
 Finally, we conducted stakeholder workshops to strengthen our approach to pay equity and provide increased transparency to employees about pay practices. 
 Inclusion (Belonging) We advanced our inclusion efforts by increasing the number of global employee networks from four to six, building a global diverse network of employees championing inclusion. Executive leaders serve as active sponsors for each network, and about 15 of our global workforce has joined at least one of our employee networks. We have network members present at 92 of our global sites, with 47 of members residing outside of the U.S. and 28 joining as allies of underrepresented groups. Network programming is strongly tied to career development and business and community impact, including engagement in strategy development activities with executives in 2022. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Our executive officers as of February 23, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Name and Age 
 Significant Experience 
 Peter Vanacker, 56 Chief Executive Officer since May 2022. President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Committee of Neste Corporation, a renewable products company From September 2018 to May 2022. Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of the CABB Group, a global supplier of fine and specialty chemicals from April 2015 to August 2018. Tracey Campbell, 56 Executive Vice President, Sustainability and Corporate Affairs since October 2022. Vice President, Public Affairs from November 2020 to September 2022. Director, Polyolefins Asia Pacific from July 2018 to October 2020. Director, North America Feedstock Supply from April 2015 to June 2018. Trisha Conley, 50 Executive Vice President, People and Culture since February 2023. Senior Vice President, People Development of Renewable Energy Group, a renewable energy company, from August 2020 to January 2023. Vice President of Human Resources, Fuels North America and Head of Country (United States) for Downstream Human Resources at BP, a global energy provider, from July 2015 to July 2020. Kim Foley, 56 Executive Vice President, Intermediates and Derivatives and Refining since October 2022. 
 
 Senior Vice President, HSE, Global Engineering and Turnarounds from August 2020 to September 2022. 
 
 Vice President, Health, Safety and Environment from October 2019 to July 2020. 
 
 Site Manager at Channelview from May 2017 to October 2019. 
 Dale Friedrichs, 59 Executive Vice President, Operational Excellence and HSE since October 2022. 
 
 Interim Executive Vice President, People and Culture from October 2022 to February 2023. 
 
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Global Projects from August 2020 to September 2022. 
 
 Vice President, Human Resources from October 2019 to July 2020. 
 
 Vice President, Health, Safety, Environment and Security from February 2017 to October 2019. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Age 
 Significant Experience 
 James Guilfoyle, 52 Senior Vice President, O P, Europe, Africa, Middle East and India since October 2022. Executive Vice President, Advanced Polymer Solutions Global Supply Chain from July 2018 to September 2022. Senior Vice President, Global Intermediates Derivatives and Global Supply Chain from February 2017 to July 2018. Jeffrey Kaplan, 54 Executive Vice President and General Counsel since October 2022. Executive Vice President, Legal Public Affairs and Chief Legal Officer from March 2015 to September 2022. Kenneth Ken Lane, 54 Executive Vice President, Olefins Polyolefins since October 2022. 
 
 Executive Vice President, Global Olefins and Polyolefins from July 2019 to September 2022. 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer from January 2022 to May 2022. 
 
 President, Monomers Division at BASF, a German chemical company, from January 2019 to July 2019. 
 
 President, Global Catalysts at BASF from June 2013 to December 2018. 
 Michael C. McMurray, 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2019. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Owens Corning, a global manufacturer of insulation, roofing and fiberglass composites, from August 2012 to November 2019. Torkel Rhenman, 59 Executive Vice President, Advanced Polymer Solutions since October 2022. 
 
 Executive Vice President, Intermediates Derivatives, and Refining from August 2020 to September 2022. 
 
 Executive Vice President, Intermediates Derivatives from July 2019 to July 2020. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director of Lhoist Group, a privately held minerals and mining company, from 2012 to 2017. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Name and Age 
 Significant Experience 
 James Seward, 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer since October 2022. Senior Vice President, Research Development, Technology and Sustainability from August 2020 to September 2022. Senior Vice President, Technology Business, Sustainability, and Olefins Polyolefins, Europe, Asia and International Joint Venture Management from September 2018 to July 2020. Vice President, Joint Ventures and International Marketing from May 2014 to August 2018. Yvonne van der Laan, 51 Executive Vice President, Circular and Low Carbon Solutions since October 2022. Senior Director, Global Circularity from May 2022 to September 2022. Director, Olefins Optimizations, Europe from September 2019 to April 2022. Vice President, Industry Bulk Cargo for the Port of Rotterdam, the largest seaport in Europe, from February 2016 to September 2019. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Description of Properties 
 Our principal manufacturing facilities as of December 31, 2022 are set forth below and are identified by the principal segment or segments using the facility. All of the facilities are wholly owned, except as otherwise noted. 
 Location Segment Americas Bayport (Pasadena), Texas I D Bayport (Pasadena), Texas (1) 
 I D Bayport (Pasadena), Texas O P-Americas Channelview, Texas O P-Americas Channelview, Texas (1)(2) 
 I D Chocolate Bayou, Texas O P-Americas Clinton, Iowa O P-Americas Corpus Christi, Texas O P-Americas Edison, New Jersey O P-Americas Houston, Texas Refining La Porte, Texas (3) 
 O P-Americas La Porte, Texas (3) 
 I D Lake Charles, Louisiana O P-Americas Lake Charles, Louisiana O P-Americas Matagorda, Texas O P-Americas Morris, Illinois O P-Americas Victoria, Texas O P-Americas Europe Berre l Etang, France O P-EAI Botlek, Rotterdam, The Netherlands I D Brindisi, Italy O P-EAI Carrington, UK O P-EAI Ferrara, Italy O P-EAI Technology Fos-sur-Mer, France I D Frankfurt, Germany O P-EAI Technology Knapsack, Germany O P-EAI APS Kerpen, Germany APS Ludwigshafen, Germany Technology Maasvlakte, The Netherlands (4) 
 I D Moerdijk, The Netherlands APS M nchsm nster, Germany O P-EAI Tarragona, Spain (5) 
 O P-EAI APS Wesseling, Germany O P-EAI Asia-Pacific Panjin, China (6) 
 O P-EAI 
 The facility is located on leased land. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 (1) The Bayport PO/TBA plants and the Channelview PO/SM I plant are held by the U.S. PO joint venture between Covestro and Lyondell Chemical Company. These plants are located on land leased by the U.S. PO joint venture. 
 (2) Equistar Chemicals, LP operates a polybutadiene unit, which is owned by an unrelated party and is located within the Channelview facility on property leased from Equistar Chemicals, LP. 
 (3) The La Porte facilities are on contiguous property. 
 (4) The Maasvlakte plant is owned by the European PO joint venture and is located on land leased by the European PO joint venture. 
 (5) The Tarragona PP facility is located on leased land; the compounds facility is located on co-owned land. 
 (6) The Panjin facility is owned by the Bora LyondellBasell Petrochemical Co., Ltd. joint venture and is located on land leased by the joint venture. 
 
 Other Locations and Properties 
 We maintain executive offices in London, the United Kingdom; Rotterdam, The Netherlands; Houston, Texas and Hong Kong, China. We maintain research facilities in Lansing, Michigan; Channelview, Texas; Cincinnati, Ohio; Ferrara, Italy and Frankfurt, Germany. Our Asia-Pacific headquarters are in Hong Kong. We also have technical support centers in Bayreuth, Germany; Mumbai, India; and Tarragona, Spain. We have various sales facilities worldwide. 
 
 Website Access to SEC Reports 
 Our Internet website address is http://www.LyondellBasell.com . Information contained on our Internet website is not part of this report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Alternatively, these reports may be accessed at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 The cyclicality and volatility of the industries in which we participate may cause significant fluctuations in our operating results. 
 Our business operations are subject to the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical and refining industries. Our future operating results are expected to continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. The chemical and refining industries historically have experienced alternating periods of capacity shortages, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of excess capacity, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and declining prices and profit margins. 
 In addition to changes in the supply and demand for products, changes in energy prices and other worldwide economic conditions can cause volatility. These factors result in significant fluctuations in profits and cash flow from period to period and over business cycles. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 New capacity additions around the world may lead to periods of oversupply and lower profitability. The timing and extent of any changes to currently prevailing market conditions are uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. As a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of future industry cycles or their effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A sustained decrease in the price of crude oil may adversely impact the results of our operations, primarily in North America. 
 Energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil and natural gas. These price trends may be highly volatile and cyclical. In the past, raw material and energy costs have experienced significant fluctuations that adversely affected our business segments results of operations. For example, we have benefited from the favorable ratio of U.S. crude oil prices to natural gas prices in the past. If the price of crude oil remains lower relative to U.S. natural gas prices or if the demand for natural gas and NGLs increases, this may have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 Costs and limitations on supply of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses. 
 The costs of raw materials and energy represent a substantial portion of our operating expenses. Due to the significant competition we face and the commodity nature of many of our products we are not always able to pass on raw material and energy cost increases to our customers. When we do have the ability to pass on the cost increases, we are not always able to do so quickly enough to avoid adverse impacts on our results of operations. For example during 2022, increases in costs for energy and raw materials, and the related decline in demand for our products, resulted in the reduction of operating rates or delayed restart of operations at several of our sites in Europe. 
 Cost increases for raw materials, energy, or broad-based price inflation also increase working capital needs, which could reduce our liquidity and cash flow. Even if we are able to increase our sales prices to reflect these increases, demand for products may decrease as consumers and customers reduce their consumption or use substitute products, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, producers in natural gas cost-advantaged regions, such as the Middle East and North America, benefit from the lower prices of natural gas and NGLs. Competition from producers in these regions may cause us to reduce exports from Europe and elsewhere. Any such reductions may increase competition for product sales within Europe and other markets, which can result in lower margins in those regions. 
 For some of our raw materials and utilities there are a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. It is also common in the chemical and refining industries for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity and gas. Having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. Any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements. 
 Additionally, there is concern over the reliability of water sources, including around the U.S. Gulf Coast where several of our facilities are located. The decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations, including by impacting our ability to produce or transport our products. 
 If our raw material or utility supplies were disrupted, our businesses would likely incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or incur excessive downtime, which would have a negative impact on plant operations. Disruptions of supplies may occur as a result of transportation issues resulting from natural disasters, water levels, and interruptions in marine water routes, among other causes, that can affect the operations of vessels, barges, rails, trucks and pipeline traffic. These risks are particularly prevalent in the U.S. Gulf Coast area. Additionally, increasing exports of NGLs and crude oil from the U.S. or greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could restrict the availability of our raw materials, thereby increasing our costs. 
 With increased volatility in raw material costs, our suppliers could impose more onerous terms on us, resulting in shorter payment cycles and increasing our working capital requirements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to source raw materials may be adversely affected by political instability, civil disturbances or other governmental actions. 
 We obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from sources in the Middle East and Central and South America that may be less politically stable than other areas in which we conduct business. Political instability, civil disturbances and actions by governments in these areas are more likely to substantially increase the price and decrease the supply of raw materials necessary for our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Incidents of civil unrest, including terrorist attacks and demonstrations that have been marked by violence, have occurred in a number of countries in the Middle East and South America. Some political regimes in these countries are threatened or have changed as a result of such unrest. Political instability and civil unrest could continue to spread in the region and involve other areas. Such unrest, if it continues to spread or grow in intensity, could lead to civil wars, regional conflicts or regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to countries in which we conduct substantial business, such as in the U.S., Europe or their respective trading partners. 
 Our business is capital intensive and we rely on cash generated from operations and external financing to fund our growth and ongoing capital needs. Limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We require significant capital to operate our current business and fund our growth strategy. Moreover, interest payments, dividends, capital requirements of our joint ventures, the expansion of our current business or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. If we need external financing, our access to credit markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies and the state of the capital markets generally. There can be no assurances that we would be able to incur indebtedness on terms we deem acceptable, and it is possible that the cost of any financings could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, we could be forced to restrict our operations and growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We may use our 3,250 million revolving credit facility, which backs our commercial paper program, to meet our cash needs, to the extent available. As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under the facility and 200 million, net of discount, outstanding under our commercial paper program, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of 3,050 million. We may also meet our cash needs by selling receivables under our 900 million U.S. Receivables Facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had availability of 794 million under this facility. In the event of a default under our credit facilities or any of our senior notes, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. Any default under any of our credit arrangements could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. Without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate. 
 Risks Related to our Operations 
 Our operations are subject to risks inherent in chemical and refining businesses, and we could be subject to liabilities for which we are not fully insured or that are not otherwise mitigated. 
 We maintain property, business interruption, product, general liability, casualty and other types of insurance that we believe are appropriate for our business and operations as well as in line with industry practices. However, we are not fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from natural disasters or climate-related exposures, wars or terrorist acts. Changes in insurance market conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies to increase substantially and, in some instances, for certain insurance to become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, we might not be able to finance the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to us or at all, and might be obligated to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from normal business operations. 
 Our business, including our results of operations and reputation, could be adversely affected by safety or product liability issues. 
 Failure to appropriately manage occupational safety, process safety, product safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks inherent in the chemical and refining businesses and associated with our products, product life cycles and production processes could result in unexpected incidents including releases, fires, or explosions resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenue, legal liability, and/or operational disruption. Public perception of the risks associated with our products and production processes could impact product acceptance and influence the regulatory environment in which we operate. While we have management systems, procedures and controls to manage these risks, issues could be created by events outside of our control, including natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of sabotage. 
 Further, because a part of our business involves licensing polyolefin process technology, our licensees are exposed to similar risks involved in the manufacture and marketing of polyolefins. Hazardous incidents involving our licensees, if they do result or are perceived to result from use of our technologies, may harm our reputation, threaten our relationships with other licensees and/or lead to customer attrition and financial losses. Our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability and indemnities and through insurance may not always be effective. As a result, our financial condition and results of operation would be adversely affected, and other companies with competing technologies may have the opportunity to secure a competitive advantage. 
 Interruptions of operations at our facilities may result in increased liabilities or lower operating results. 
 We own and operate large-scale facilities. Our operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our various production facilities and the ability to complete construction and maintenance projects on schedule. Interruptions at our facilities may materially reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or our business as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. In recent years, we have had to shut down plants on the U.S. Gulf Coast, including the temporary shutdown of a portion of our Houston refinery, as a result of various hurricanes and cold weather events striking Texas and Louisiana. In addition, because the Houston refinery is our only refining operation, an outage at the refinery could have a particularly negative impact on our operating results as we do not have the ability to increase refining production elsewhere. 
 Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and refining and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. These potential hazards include: 
 pipeline leaks and ruptures; 
 explosions; 
 fires; 
 severe weather and natural disasters; 
 mechanical failure; 
 unscheduled downtimes; 
 supplier disruptions; 
 labor shortages or other labor difficulties; 
 transportation interruptions; 
 remediation complications; 
 increased restrictions on, or the unavailability of, water for use at our manufacturing sites or for the transport of our products or raw materials; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 chemical and oil spills; 
 discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; 
 shipment of incorrect or off-specification product to customers; 
 storage tank leaks; 
 other environmental risks; and 
 cyber-attack or other terrorist acts. 
 Some of these hazards may cause severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, legal liability resulting from government action or litigation, loss of revenue, suspension of operations or the shutdown of affected facilities. 
 Large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. If we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. For example, higher costs arising from delaying construction of our world-scale PO/TBA plant in Houston due to COVID-19, more extensive civil construction, and unexpected tariffs on materials increased our costs and impacted our projected rate of return on the project. Delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to contract with our customers and supply certain products we produce. Such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits; 
 unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor; 
 disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials; 
 adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers; 
 shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; and 
 nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors. 
 Any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. If we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Shared control or lack of control of joint ventures may delay decisions or actions regarding our joint ventures. 
 A portion of our operations are conducted through joint ventures, where control may be exercised by or shared with unaffiliated third parties. We cannot control the actions or ownership of our joint venture partners, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of joint venture partners. The joint ventures that we do not control may also lack financial reporting systems to provide adequate and timely information for our reporting purposes. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Our joint venture partners may have different interests or goals than we do and may take actions contrary to our requests, policies or objectives. Differences in views among the joint venture participants also may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major matters, potentially adversely affecting the business and operations of the joint ventures and in turn our business and operations. We may develop a dispute with any of our partners over decisions affecting the venture that may result in litigation, arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. If a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be required to record material charges against our earnings due to any number of events that could cause impairments to our assets. 
 We may be required to reduce production or idle facilities for extended periods of time or exit certain businesses as a result of the cyclical nature of our industry. Specifically, oversupplies of or lack of demand for particular products or high raw material prices may cause us to reduce production. We may choose to reduce production at certain facilities because we have off-take arrangements at other facilities, which make any reductions or idling unavailable at those facilities. Any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business would likely result in impairment and other charges to earnings. For example, in April 2022, the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved a plan to exit the refining business, resulting in the recognition of 187 million of expense. See Notes 7, 12 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the planned exit. 
 Temporary outages at our facilities can last for several quarters and sometimes longer. These outages could cause us to incur significant costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. In addition, we have significant obligations under take-or-pay agreements. Even though we may reduce production at facilities, we may be required to continue to purchase or pay for utilities or raw materials under these arrangements. 
 Acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price. 
 We continually evaluate the performance and strategic fit of all of our businesses and evaluate whether our businesses would benefit from acquisitions to enhance growth or dispositions that would align our footprint with our overall business strategy. These transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. 
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including meeting our standards for compliance, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management s attention from our core businesses, and potential loss of key employees. There can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. The integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues, synergies, or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we do not manage and operate the acquired business up to our expectations. If we are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Dispositions of assets or businesses involve risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities related to the divested business. In addition, they may result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. For example, in April 2022 we agreed to the sale of our Australian polypropylene business that resulted in a 69 million non-cash impairment charge, which impacted earnings. In the event we are unable to successfully divest a business or product line, we may be forced to wind down such business or product line, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot assure you that we will be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in acquiring or divesting a business or product line, and any transaction we undertake could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may also result in a diversion of management attention, operational difficulties and losses. 
 Risks related to the Global Economy and Multinational Operations 
 Economic disruptions and downturns in general, and particularly continued global economic uncertainty or economic turmoil in emerging markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our results of operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions generally. Economic downturns in the businesses and geographic areas in which we sell our products could substantially reduce demand for our products and result in decreased sales volumes and increased credit risk. Recessionary environments adversely affect our business because demand for our products is reduced, particularly from our customers in industrial markets generally and the automotive and housing industries specifically, and may result in higher costs of capital. A significant portion of our revenues and earnings are derived from our business in Europe. In addition, most of our European transactions and assets, including cash reserves and receivables, are denominated in euros. 
 We also derive significant revenues from our business in emerging markets, particularly the emerging markets in Asia and South America. Any broad-based downturn in these emerging markets, or in a key market such as China, could require us to reduce export volumes into these markets and could also require us to divert product sales to less profitable markets. Any of these conditions could ultimately harm our overall business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We sell products in highly competitive global markets and face significant price pressures. 
 We sell our products in highly competitive global markets. Due to the commodity nature of many of our products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price and, to a lesser extent, on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. Often, we are not able to protect our market position for these products by product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers due to the significant competition in our business. 
 In addition, we face increased competition from companies that may have greater financial resources and different cost structures or strategic goals than us. These include large integrated oil companies (some of which also have chemical businesses), government-owned businesses, and companies that receive subsidies or other government incentives to produce certain products in a specified geographic region. Continuing competition from these companies, especially in our olefin and refining businesses, could limit our ability to increase product sales prices in response to raw material and other cost increases, or could cause us to reduce product sales prices to compete effectively, which would reduce our profitability. Competitors with different cost structures or strategic goals than we have may be able to invest significant capital into their businesses, including expenditures for research and development. In addition, specialty products we produce may become commoditized over time. Increased competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volumes, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 We operate internationally and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks relating to international operations. 
 We operate internationally and are subject to the risks of doing business on a global level. These risks include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and the imposition of trade restrictions or duties and tariffs, and complex regulations concerning privacy and data security. Additional risks from our multinational business include transportation delays and interruptions, war, terrorist activities, epidemics, pandemics, political instability, import and export controls, sanctions, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments. 
 We generate revenues from export sales and operations that may be denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional currency. Exchange rates between these currencies and functional currencies in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. It is possible that fluctuations in exchange rates will result in reduced operating results. Additionally, we operate with the objective of having our worldwide cash available in the locations where it is needed, including the United Kingdom for our parent company s significant cash obligations as a result of dividend payments. It is possible that we may not always be able to provide cash to other jurisdictions when needed or that such transfers of cash could be subject to additional taxes, including withholding taxes. 
 Our operating results could be negatively affected by the laws, rules and regulations, as well as political environments, in the jurisdictions in which we operate. There could be reduced demand for our products, decreases in the prices at which we can sell our products and disruptions of production or other operations. Trade protection measures such as quotas, duties, tariffs, safeguard measures or anti-dumping duties imposed in the countries in which we operate could negatively impact our business. Additionally, there may be substantial capital and other costs to comply with regulations and/or increased security costs or insurance premiums, any of which could reduce our operating results. 
 We obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from international sources that are subject to these same risks. Our compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject could be challenged. Furthermore, these laws may be modified, the result of which may be to prevent or limit subsidiaries from transferring cash to us. 
 Furthermore, we are subject to certain existing, and may be subject to possible future, laws that limit or may limit our activities while some of our competitors may not be subject to such laws, which may adversely affect our competitiveness. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations could affect our tax rate and our results of operations. 
 The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions with complex legal and tax regulatory environments and is subject to taxes in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. Significant changes to tax laws and regulations in these jurisdictions or their interpretation could have a material impact on our effective income tax rate. Our future effective income tax rates could also fluctuate based on, among other factors, changes in pre-tax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates, changes in valuation allowances, changes in foreign exchange gains/losses, the amount of exempt income, and changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions. Our tax returns are periodically audited or subjected to review by tax authorities, and any adverse result of these examinations could also have an impact on our effective income tax rate and our results of operations. We regularly evaluate the likelihood of an adverse result of an examination, however, there is no assurance as to the ultimate outcome and impact. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Health, Safety, and the Environment 
 We cannot predict with certainty the extent of future costs under environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations, and cannot guarantee they will not be material. 
 We may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal injury or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances at our current or former facilities, or exposure to products or chemicals that we manufacture, handle or own. In addition, because our products are components of a variety of other end-use products, we, along with other members of the chemical industry, are subject to potential claims related to those end-use products. Any substantial increase in the success of these types of claims could negatively affect our operating results. 
 We are subject to extensive national, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, directives, rules and ordinances concerning pollution, protection of the environment, hazardous materials, health and safety, the security of our facilities, and the safety of our products. We generally expect that these requirements are likely to become more stringent over time. Changes to such laws could result in restrictions on our operations, denial of permits, loss of business opportunities, increased operating costs or additional capital expenditures. We could incur significant costs or operational restrictions due to violations of or liabilities under such laws and regulations in the form of fines, penalties, and injunctive relief. Any substantial liability under such laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, we are required to have permits for our businesses and are subject to licensing regulations. These permits and licenses are subject to renewal, modification and in some circumstances, revocation. Further, the permits and licenses are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and could contain conditions that limit our operations. 
 We may incur substantial costs to comply with climate change legislation and related regulatory initiatives. 
 There has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated international, national and state laws focusing on greenhouse gas GHG emission reduction and global climate change. These proposed or promulgated laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. Laws and regulations in this field continue to evolve and, while they are likely to be increasingly widespread and stringent, at this stage it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation. Under the 2015 Paris Agreement, parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change agreed to undertake ambitious efforts to reduce GHG emissions and strengthen adaptation to the effects of climate change. 
 Jurisdictions in which we operate, including, in particular, the European Union (EU), are preparing national legislation and protection plans to implement their emission reduction commitments under the Paris Agreement. In June 2021, the European Climate Law set legally binding targets of net zero GHG emissions by 2050, and a 55 reduction in GHG emissions by 2030. In December 2022, the EU announced forthcoming regulations to support the 2030 climate target, including a revision of the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS), and the introduction of a Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism. Our operations in Europe participate in the ETS and we meet our obligations through a combination of free and purchased emission allowances. We anticipate the forthcoming regulations will result in an accelerated reduction of our free allowances and higher market prices for purchased allowances. These and other future regulations could result in increased costs, additional capital expenditures, and/or restrictions on operations. 
 In the U.S., addressing climate change is a stated priority of President Biden, and in February 2021, the U.S. recommitted to the Paris Agreement after having withdrawn in August 2017. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as well as several state governments have promulgated regulations directed at GHG emissions reductions from certain types of facilities. Additional regulations could be forthcoming at the U.S. federal or state level that could result in increased operating costs for compliance, required acquisition or trading of emission allowances, or compliance costs associated with additional regulatory frameworks for a range of potential carbon reduction projects, including carbon capture, use, and sequestration projects. Additionally, demand for the products we produce may be reduced. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Governmental Organizations have been active in filing lawsuits against governments and private parties in various jurisdictions around the world seeking enforcement of existing laws and new requirements to reduce GHG emissions. In one case decided in the Netherlands in May 2021, plaintiffs obtained a ruling ordering Royal Dutch Shell to reduce its Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions by 45 by 2030. These types of laws, regulations, and litigation results could increase the cost of purchased energy and increase costs of compliance in various locations. 
 Compliance with climate regulations may result in increased permitting necessary for the operation of our business or for any of our growth plans. Difficulties in obtaining such permits could have an adverse effect on our future growth. In addition, any future potential climate regulations, legislation, or litigation results could impose additional operating restrictions or delays in implementing growth projects or other capital investments, require us to incur increased costs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Legislation and regulatory initiatives could lead to a decrease in demand for our products. 
 New or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety and the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. Initiatives by governments and private interest groups will potentially result in increased toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. New or revised legislation or regulations could result in additional use restrictions and/or bans of certain chemicals. For example, in the EU, the European Commission as part of its Green Deal published the Chemicals Strategy for Sustainability Towards a Toxic-Free Environment CSS ). The CSS sets forth far-reaching plans for introducing significant changes to the EU regulatory frameworks for chemicals including the Regulation on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals REACH ), and the Classification, Labelling and Packaging Regulation CLP that could result in increased compliance costs, additional restrictions, and/or bans of chemicals used or produced by us. In the U.S., changes to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s risk evaluation process under the Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA could also result in additional restrictions and/or bans of chemicals used or produced by us. 
 Assessments under TSCA, REACH or similar programs or regulations in other state or national jurisdictions may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals we use or produce and may result in additional requirements or bans being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of those chemicals. Such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. Such a decrease in demand could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 The physical impacts of climate change can negatively impact our facilities and operations. 
 Potential physical impacts of climate change include increased frequency and severity of hurricanes and floods as well as freezing conditions, tornadoes, and global sea level rise. Although we have preparedness plans in place designed to minimize impacts and enhance safety, should an event occur, it could have the potential to disrupt our supply chain and operations. A number of our facilities are located on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which has been impacted by hurricanes that have required us to temporarily shut down operations at those sites. Our sites rely on rivers for transportation that may experience restrictions in times of drought or other unseasonal weather variation. In addition, scarcity of water and drought conditions due to climate change could reduce the availability of fresh water needed to produce our products which could increase our costs of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Increased regulation or deselection of plastic could lead to a decrease in demand growth for some of our products. 
 There is a growing concern with the accumulation of plastic, including microplastics, and plastic waste in the environment. Additionally, plastics have recently faced increased public backlash and scrutiny, as well as governmental investigations and enforcement, and private litigation. Policy measures to address this concern are being discussed or implemented by governments at all levels. For example, on March 2, 2022, the United Nations Environment Assembly adopted a resolution to develop a new international legally binding instrument on plastic pollution with the ambition to complete the negotiations by the end of 2024. The European Union has been undertaking a series of actions under its Circular Economy Action Plan, including adoption of the Single Use Plastics Directive in 2019, which introduced policy measures for single use plastics including bans, product design requirements, extended producer responsibility obligations, and labeling requirements, and adoption of a proposed Packaging and Packaging Waste Regulation in 2022. In addition, a host of single-use plastic bans and taxes have been passed by countries around the world and states and municipalities throughout the U.S. Consumer deselection, increased regulation of, or prohibition on, the manufacturing or use of plastic or plastic products could limit the use of these products or increase the costs incurred by our customers to use such products, and could lead to a decrease in demand for PE, PP, and other products we make. Such a decrease in demand could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Failure to effectively and timely achieve our GHG emissions reduction goals could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. 
 In December 2022, we announced that we were increasing our GHG emissions reduction targets for 2030, while maintaining our previously announced goal to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2050. Our ability to achieve these goals depends on many factors, including the availability of technology, our ability to secure permits and emissions credits, evolving regulatory requirements, competitor actions, customer preferences, and our ability to reduce emissions from our operations through modernization and innovation, reduce the emissions intensity of the electricity we buy, and invest in renewables and low carbon energy. We may also not timely adapt to changes or methods in carbon pricing that could increase our costs and reduce our competitiveness. The cost associated with our GHG emissions reduction goals could be significant. Failure to achieve our emissions targets could result in reputational harm, enforcement or litigation, changing investor sentiment regarding investment in LyondellBasell or a negative impact on access to and cost of capital. 
 Failure to achieve our circularity goals could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. 
 In September 2020, we announced a circularity goal of marketing at least two million metric tons of recycled and renewable-based polymers annually by 2030. Many of our customers also have goals to increase the recycled and renewable content in their own products and packaging. Our ability to achieve this goal depends on many factors, including the availability of collection and sortation infrastructure, evolving regulations on chemical recycling and recycled content, our ability to grow our circular and low carbon solutions business established in 2022, make investments in new technologies, expand the global footprint of our recycling facilities and joint ventures, secure access to feedstock, and manufacture recycled and low carbon products at commercial scale. 
 General Risk Factors 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In early 2020, responses to the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant economic disruption and adversely impacted the global economy, leading to reduced consumer spending and volatility in the global financial and commodities markets. The return to pre-pandemic economic activity continues to depend on the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the continued effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, and policy decisions made by governments in reaction to evolving local conditions. Any further global supply chain or economic disruption as a result of COVID-19 could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Increased IT and cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, data, products, facilities and services. 
 Increased global information cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated, targeted computer crime pose a risk to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, operations and infrastructure. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including security measures, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our employees, systems, networks, products, facilities and services remain potentially vulnerable to ransomware, sophisticated espionage or cyber-assault. Depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. 
 Many of our businesses depend on our intellectual property. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to develop new technologies and protect our intellectual property rights, and our inability to do so could reduce our ability to maintain our competitiveness and margins. 
 We have a significant worldwide patent portfolio of issued and pending patents and our future results could be impacted by our ability to successfully develop and protect new processes and technologies. Our patents and patent applications, together with proprietary technical know-how, are significant to our competitive position, particularly with regard to PO, intermediate chemicals, polyolefins, licensing and catalysts. We rely on the patent, copyright and trade secret laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. We operate plants, sell catalysts and products, participate in joint ventures, and license our process technology in many foreign jurisdictions, including those having heightened risks for intellectual property. In some of these instances, we must disclose at least a portion of our technology to third parties or regulatory bodies. In these cases, we rely primarily on contracts and trade secret laws to protect the associated trade secrets. However, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without authorization. Proceedings to protect these rights could be costly, and we may not prevail. 
 The failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how could result in significantly lower revenues, reduced profit margins and cash flows and/or loss of market share. We also may be subject to claims that our technology, patents or other intellectual property infringes on a third party s intellectual property rights. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could result in restrictions on our ability to deliver the related service or in a settlement that could be material to us. 
 Adverse results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect us. 
 We are subject to and may in the future be subject to a variety of legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business. Results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Irrespective of its merits, litigation may be both lengthy and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expenditure and diversion of management attention. We may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations should we fail to prevail in certain matters. 
 If we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and we rely heavily on our management team. The inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. In addition, because of the reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. The retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be critically important to the successful implementation of our strategies. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 There is substantial and continuous competition for diverse, talented engineering, manufacturing, and operations employees. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel, and we may experience increased compensation and training costs that may not be offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. We have from time to time experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and may not be able to fill positions in desired geographic areas or at all. 
 Significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may adversely affect the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans, and our pension cost. 
 Our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rates used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets may result in corresponding increases and decreases in the value of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. Any changes in key actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate or mortality rate, would impact the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. 
 Many of our current pension plans have projected benefit obligations that exceed the fair value of the plan assets. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate deficit was 662 million. Any declines in the fair values of the pension plans assets could require additional payments by us in order to maintain specified funding levels. 
 Our pension plans are subject to legislative and regulatory requirements of applicable jurisdictions, which could include, under certain circumstances, local governmental authority to terminate the plan. 
 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding pensions and other post-retirement benefits. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Environmental Matters 
 From time to time, we and our joint ventures receive notices or inquiries from government entities regarding alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations pertaining to, among other things, the disposal, emission and storage of chemical and petroleum substances, including hazardous wastes. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and the proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that we reasonably believe could exceed 300,000. The matters below are disclosed solely pursuant to that requirement and we do not believe that any of these proceedings will have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In connection with an enforcement initiative of EPA regarding flare emissions at petrochemical plants, we have settled with EPA and the U.S. Department of Justice in order to resolve claims initiated in July 2014, related to alleged improper operation and maintenance of flares at four of our U.S. facilities. The consent decree related to the settlement was entered by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas in January 2022. Under the terms of the settlement, we paid a penalty of 3.4 million in January 2022 and will conduct fence line monitoring and make investments in equipment at the facilities. The consent decree was amended in September 2022 to include flares at an additional facility, including a penalty of 324,000 that we paid in October 2022. 
 In March 2018, the Cologne, Germany local court issued a regulatory fine notice of 1.8 million arising from a pipeline leak near our Wesseling, Germany facility. We expect the Cologne prosecutor to issue a corresponding payment request, which will resolve the matter. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 In February 2020, the State of Texas filed suit against Houston Refining, LP, a subsidiary of LyondellBasell, in Travis County District Court seeking civil penalties and injunctive relief for violations of the Texas Clean Air Act related to several emission events. In July 2020, Harris County, Texas petitioned to intervene in the lawsuit and the State added additional claims to its petition relating to self-reported deviations of Houston Refining s air operating permit. We are currently engaged in settlement negotiations to resolve the matter. 
 On July 27, 2021, approximately 160,000 pounds of liquid process material containing primarily acetic acid was released from a reactor at the La Porte acetic acid unit. In October 2021, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality TCEQ issued a Notice of Enforcement for the incident. In November 2021, the State of Texas filed a petition on behalf of the TCEQ seeking injunctive relief and civil penalties for unauthorized air pollution and regulatory nuisance related to the incident. We are currently engaged in settlement discussions with the State to resolve this matter. 
 In April 2022, the State of Texas filed suit against Equistar Chemicals, LP, in Travis County District Court seeking civil penalties and injunctive relief for alleged violations of the Texas Clean Air Act related to multiple emissions events at Equistar s Bayport Plant. 
 Litigation and Other Matters 
 Information regarding our litigation and other legal proceedings can be found in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market and Dividend Information 
 Our shares were listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE on October 14, 2010 under the symbol LYB. 
 The payment of dividends or distributions in the future will be subject to the requirements of Dutch law and the discretion of our Board of Directors. The declaration of any future cash dividends and, if declared, the amount of any such dividends, will depend upon general business conditions, our financial condition, our earnings and cash flow, our capital requirements, financial covenants and other contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends or distributions. 
 We intend to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends, with the goal of increasing the dividend over time, after giving consideration to our cash balances and expected results from operations. However, there can be no assurance that any dividends or distributions will be declared or paid in the future. 
 Holders 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were approximately 5,200 record holders of our shares, including Cede Co. as nominee of the Depository Trust Company. 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 See Part III, Item 11. Executive Compensation for information relating to the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 United Kingdom Tax Considerations 
 As a result of its United Kingdom tax residency, dividend distributions by LyondellBasell Industries N.V. to its shareholders are not subject to withholding tax, as the United Kingdom currently does not levy a withholding tax on dividend distributions. 
 Performance Graph 
 The performance graph and the information contained in this section is not soliciting material, is being furnished, not filed, with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 The graph below shows the relative investment performance of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. shares, the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Chemicals Index since December 31, 2017. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 and any dividends paid were reinvested at the date of payment. The graph is presented pursuant to SEC rules and is not meant to be an indication of our future performance. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 100.00 78.31 93.50 95.97 100.84 99.85 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 Chemicals Index 100.00 88.39 107.85 127.31 160.30 142.24 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On May 27, 2022, our shareholders approved a share repurchase authorization of up to 34,026,947 of our ordinary shares, through November 27, 2023, which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased is not necessarily an indication of the number of shares that will ultimately be purchased. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 GENERAL 
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our Consolidated Financial Statements, and the accompanying notes elsewhere in this report. Unless otherwise indicated, the Company, we, us, our or similar words are used to refer to LyondellBasell Industries N.V. together with its consolidated subsidiaries LyondellBasell N.V. ). 
 The discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 have been excluded from this Form 10-K and can be found in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2022, of which Item 7 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 OVERVIEW 
 In 2022, our balanced business portfolio, consistent cash generation and strong balance sheet enabled us to successfully navigate through challenging market conditions while continuing to provide significant returns for our shareholders. During the year, petrochemical markets were pressured by high and volatile energy and feedstock costs as well as reduced global demand for our products. Our O P-Americas and O P-EAI segments encountered headwinds from reduced demand in Europe and Asia as well as global capacity additions. Our I D segment benefited from improved oxyfuels margins which were partially offset by lower margins for other products due to lower demand. Margins in our Refining segment benefited from increased global mobility and favorable markets. 
 During 2022 we generated 6.1 billion in cash from operating activities. We remain committed to a disciplined approach to capital allocation. In 2022, approximately 1.9 billion was reinvested in the business and 3.7 billion was returned to shareholders through quarterly dividends, a special dividend and share repurchases. 
 In 2022, we launched a comprehensive review of our strategy. Initial strategic actions included the decision to exit the refining business and the sale of the Australian polypropylene business. We also formed a circular and low carbon solutions business within our O P-Americas and O P-EAI segments. This business was created to accelerate progress in capturing value from serving the rapidly growing customer demand for recycled and renewable solutions. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Results of operations for the periods discussed are presented in the table below. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 50,451 46,173 Cost of sales 43,847 37,397 Impairments 69 624 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,310 1,255 Research and development expenses 124 124 Operating income 5,101 6,773 Interest expense (287) (519) Interest income 29 9 Other (expense) income, net (72) 62 Income from equity investments 5 461 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 4,776 6,786 Provision for income taxes 882 1,163 Income from continuing operations 3,894 5,623 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (5) (6) Net income 3,889 5,617 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Financial derivatives 208 72 Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities (1) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans 346 224 Foreign currency translations (123) (155) Total other comprehensive income, net of tax 431 140 Comprehensive income 4,320 5,757 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Revenues Revenues increased 4,278 million, or 9 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Average sales prices in 2022 were higher for many of our products as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which increased relative to 2021. These higher prices led to a 13 increase in revenue. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a 4 decrease in revenue. 
 Cost of Sales Cost of sales increased 6,450 million, or 17 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase primarily related to higher feedstock and energy costs. Fluctuations in our cost of sales are generally driven by changes in feedstock and energy costs. Feedstock and energy related costs generally represent approximately 70 to 80 of cost of sales, other variable costs account for approximately 10 of cost of sales on an annual basis and fixed operating costs, consisting primarily of expenses associated with employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and maintenance, range from approximately 10 to 20 in each annual period. 
 Impairments During 2022 we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 69 million related to the sale of our Australian polypropylene manufacturing facility. During 2021 we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 624 million related to our Houston refinery. See Notes 7 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding impairment charges. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income Operating income decreased by 1,672 million or 25 in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2022, Operating income decreased for our O P-Americas, O P-EAI, Technology and APS segments by 2,470 million, 1,214 million, 140 million and 85 million, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by increases in Operating income for our Refining and I D segments of 1,585 million and 637 million, respectively. Results for each of our business segments are discussed further in the Segment Analysis section below. 
 Interest Expense Interest expense decreased 232 million or 45 in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by debt extinguishment costs of 130 million recognized in 2021 related to the redemption of certain guaranteed notes, including a cash tender offer, coupled with a decrease in the weighted average outstanding debt balance in 2022 compared to 2021. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Income from Equity Investments Income from equity method investments decreased 456 million, or 99 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower polyolefin spreads for our joint ventures in our O P EAI segment, particularly those in Asia and Saudi Arabia. 
 
 Income Taxes Our effective income tax rates of 18.5 in 2022 and 17.1 in 2021 resulted in tax provisions of 882 million and 1,163 million, respectively. In 2021, we benefited from return to accrual adjustments primarily associated with a step-up of certain Italian assets to fair market value and benefits from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, also known as CARES Act of 1.8 and 0.9 , respectively. These increases were coupled with a decrease in exempt income in 2022 resulting in a 2 increase in the effective tax rate, partially offset by changes in pretax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates and fluctuations in uncertain tax positions of 2.1 and 1.8 , respectively. For additional information, see Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income decreased by 1,437 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decrease in net income. The activities from the remaining components of Comprehensive income are discussed below. 
 Financial derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, primarily our forward-starting interest rate swaps, led to an increase in Comprehensive income of 136 million in 2022 compared to 2021, due to periodic changes in the benchmark interest rates. 
 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans led to an increase in Comprehensive income of 122 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions and pension settlements. 
 In 2022, a decrease in foreign currency translation losses led to an increase in Comprehensive income of 32 million compared to 2021, primarily due to continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro and the pre-tax gain from the effective portion of our net investment hedges in 2022. 
 See Notes 13, 14 and 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Analysis 
 We use earnings from continuing operations before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization EBITDA as our measure of profitability for segment reporting purposes. This measure of segment operating results is used by our chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of, and allocate resources to, our operating segments. Intersegment eliminations and items that are not directly related or allocated to business operations, such a s foreign exchange gains (losses) and components of pension and other post-retirement benefit costs other than service cost, are included in Other. For additional information related to our operating segments, as well as a reconciliation of EBITDA to its nearest generally accepted accounting principles GAAP measure, Income from continuing operations before income taxes, see Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our continuing operations are managed through six reportable segments: O P-Americas, O P-EAI, I D, APS, Refining and Technology. The following tables reflect selected financial information for our reportable segments. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues: O P-Americas 13,935 15,002 O P-EAI 12,823 13,490 I D 12,950 10,180 APS 5,231 5,145 Refining 11,893 8,002 Technology 693 843 Other, including segment eliminations (7,074) (6,489) Total 50,451 46,173 Operating income (loss): O P-Americas 2,082 4,552 O P-EAI 14 1,228 I D 1,604 967 APS 201 286 Refining 889 (696) Technology 331 471 Other, including segment eliminations (20) (35) Total 5,101 6,773 Depreciation and amortization: O P-Americas 582 578 O P-EAI 166 197 I D 332 379 APS 109 117 Refining 39 79 Technology 39 43 Total 1,267 1,393 Income (loss) from equity investments: O P-Americas 98 115 O P-EAI (68) 313 I D (25) 34 APS (1) Total 5 461 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Other (expense) income, net: O P-Americas (28) 28 O P-EAI 11 I D (39) (2) APS 2 7 Refining (7) (7) Technology (4) Other, including intersegment eliminations 4 25 Total (72) 62 EBITDA: O P-Americas 2,734 5,273 O P-EAI 112 1,749 I D 1,872 1,378 APS 312 409 Refining 921 (624) Technology 366 514 Other, including intersegment eliminations (16) (10) Total 6,301 8,689 

Olefins and Polyolefins-Americas Segment 
 Overview EBITDA decreased in 2022 relative to 2021 primarily driven by lower olefins margins. 
 In calculating the impact of margin and volume on EBITDA, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. Volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin. 
 Ethylene Raw Materials Ethylene and its co-products are produced from two major raw material groups: 
 NGLs, principally ethane and propane, the prices of which are generally affected by natural gas prices; and 
 crude oil-based liquids liquids or heavy liquids ), including naphtha, condensates and gas oils, the prices of which are generally related to crude oil prices. 
 We have flexibility to vary the raw material mix and process conditions in our U.S. olefins plants in order to maximize profitability as market prices fluctuate for both feedstocks and products. Although prices of crude-based liquids and natural gas liquids are generally related to crude oil and natural gas prices, during specific periods the relationships among these materials and benchmarks may vary significantly. In 2022 and 2021, approximately 70 and 60 , respectively, of the raw materials used in our North American crackers was ethane. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth selected financial information for the O P-Americas segment including Income from equity investments, which is a component of EBITDA. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 13,935 15,002 Income from equity investments 98 115 EBITDA 2,734 5,273 
 Revenues Revenues decreased by 1,067 million, or 7 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Lower average sales prices for all businesses resulted in the 7 decrease in revenue primarily driven by reduced demand and increased market supply. 
 EBITDA EBITDA decreased by 2,539 million, or 48 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Lower olefins results led to a 33 decrease in EBITDA primarily due to margin compression driven by lower ethylene prices coupled with higher feedstock and energy costs. Lower polyethylene and polypropylene results led to a 9 and 5 decrease in EBITDA, respectively, primarily driven by lower demand, an increase in industry capacity and higher energy costs. 
 
 Olefins and Polyolefins-Europe, Asia, International Segment 
 Overview EBITDA decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 mainly as a result of lower volumes and margins across all businesses, lower income from equity investments and unfavorable impacts of foreign exchange. 
 In calculating the impact of margin and volume on EBITDA, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. Volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin. 
 Ethylene Raw Materials In Europe, naphtha is the primary raw material for our ethylene production and represents approximately 70 of the raw materials used in 2022 and 2021. 
 The following table sets forth selected financial information for the O P-EAI segment including Income from equity investments, which is a component of EBITDA. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 12,823 13,490 (Loss) income from equity investments (68) 313 EBITDA 112 1,749 
 Revenues Revenues decreased by 667 million, or 5 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue decrease of 8 . Lower volumes resulted in a revenue decrease of 8 primarily due to lower demand along with planned and unplanned maintenance. During 2022, we had planned and unplanned maintenance resulting in ethylene cracker operating rates of approximately 67 of capacity compared to 89 of capacity during 2021. Higher average sales prices resulted in a 11 increase in revenue as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which on average, increased compared to 2021. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 EBITDA EBITDA decreased by 1,637 million, or 94 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Lower polyolefin results led to a 39 decrease in EBITDA. Approximately 60 of the change was driven by decreased margins resulting from higher energy costs and lower spreads with the remainder due to a decrease in volumes driven by lower demand. Lower olefins results led to a 20 decrease in EBITDA, approximately half of the change was driven by lower volumes due to unplanned maintenance and reduced operating rates to manage working capital. The other half of the change was due to lower margins resulting from higher feedstock and energy costs which outpaced increased ethylene prices. Lower income from our equity investments led to a decrease in EBITDA of 22 mainly attributable to lower polyolefin spreads across all joint ventures, particularly those located in Asia and Saudi Arabia. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a 10 decrease in EBITDA. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, we recognized a 69 million non-cash impairment charge in conjunction with the sale of our polypropylene manufacturing facility located in Australia, resulting in a 4 decrease in EBITDA for 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Intermediates and Derivatives Segment 
 Overview EBITDA increased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by increased oxyfuels and related products margin, partially offset by decreases in margin for propylene oxide and derivatives and intermediate chemicals. 
 The following table sets forth selected financial information for the I D segment including Income from equity investments, which is a component of EBITDA. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 12,950 10,180 (Loss) income from equity investments (25) 34 EBITDA 1,872 1,378 
 Revenues Revenues increased by 2,770 million, or 27 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Higher average sales prices resulted in a 25 increase in revenue as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which, on average, increased compared to the same period in 2021, coupled with lower industry supply. Sales volumes improved resulting in a 6 increase in revenue as 2021 was impacted by unusually cold temperatures and associated electrical power outages that led to shutdowns of our manufacturing facilities in Texas. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue decrease of 4 . 
 EBITDA EBITDA increased 494 million, or 36 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Oxyfuels and related products increased EBITDA by 53 primarily driven by margin improvement as a result of higher gasoline prices. Propylene oxide and derivatives and intermediate chemicals results declined each resulting in a 5 reduction in EBITDA driven by reduced margins from higher energy and feedstock costs. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a 4 decrease in EBITDA. Lower income from our equity investments led to a decrease in EBITDA of 4 mainly attributable to lower margins in Asia. During 2022 and 2021, we recognized LIFO inventory charges of 26 million and 93 million, respectively, which resulted in a 5 increase in EBITDA. 
 
 Advanced Polymer Solutions Segment 
 Overview EBITDA decreased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decline in compounding and solutions results partially offset by improved advanced polymers results. In the first quarter of 2023, our Catalloy and polybutene-1 products, previously reflected in our APS segment, will be transferred to and reflected in our O P-Americas and O P-EAI segments. Our reporting structure will be revised in the first quarter of 2023 to reflect this change. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth selected financial information for the APS segment: 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 5,231 5,145 Loss from equity investments (1) EBITDA 312 409 
 Revenues Revenues increased in 2022 by 86 million, or 2 , compared to 2021. Higher average sales prices resulted in a 13 increase in revenue as sales prices generally correlate with prices for crude oil and its derivatives, which, on average, increased compared to 2021. Foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue decrease of 8 . Sales volumes declined resulting in a 3 decrease in revenue stemming from lower demand. 
 EBITDA EBITDA decreased in 2022 by 97 million, or 24 , compared to 2021. Compounding and solutions results led to a 29 reduction in EBITDA. Approximately 55 of the change was driven by higher raw material and energy costs with the remainder due to lower volumes as demand declined. Advanced polymers results increased by 4 driven by margin improvements for Catalloy due to higher sales prices. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a EBITDA decrease of 9 . During 2022 and 2021, we recognized 28 million and 55 million, respectively, of LIFO inventory charges which resulted in a 7 increase in EBITDA. 
 
 Refining Segment 
 Overview EBITDA increased in 2022 relative to 2021 primarily due to higher margins. 
 The following table sets forth selected financial information and heavy crude oil processing rates for the Refining segment and the U.S. refining market margins for the applicable periods. Brent is a light sweet crude oil and is one of the main benchmark prices for purchases of oil worldwide. Maya is a heavy sour crude oil grade produced in Mexico that is a relevant benchmark for heavy sour crude oils in the U.S. Gulf Coast market. References to industry benchmarks for refining market margins are to industry prices reported by Platts, a division of S P Global. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 11,893 8,002 EBITDA 921 (624) Thousands of barrels per day Heavy crude oil processing rates 238 231 Market margins, dollars per barrel Brent - 2-1-1 33.62 14.39 Brent - Maya differential 11.71 6.48 Total Maya 2-1-1 
 45.33 20.87 
 Revenues Revenues increased by 3,891 million, or 49 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Higher product prices led to a revenue increase of 45 as the average Brent crude oil price increased approximately 28.11 per barrel. Sales volumes increased resulting in a 4 increase in revenue due to improved demand as refined products markets recovered from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 EBITDA EBITDA increased by 1,545 million or 248 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Margin improvements drove a 173 increase in EBITDA primarily due to an increase in the Maya 2-1-1 market margin driven by higher demand for transportation fuels. Additionally, during 2022 we incurred costs related to our planned exit from the refining business, which resulted in a 25 decrease in EBITDA compared to 2021. See Notes 7, 12 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the planned exit. The remaining change is due to non-cash impairment charges of 624 million recorded in 2021 with no similar charge incurred in 2022. For additional information see Notes 7 and 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Technology Segment 
 Overview The Technology segment recognizes revenues related to the sale of polyolefin catalysts and the licensing of chemical and polyolefin process technologies. These revenues are offset in part by the costs incurred in the production of catalysts, licensing and services activities and research and development R D activities. In 2022 and 2021, our Technology segment incurred approximately 55 of all R D costs. EBITDA decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 driven by lower licensing revenues and the unfavorable impacts of foreign exchange. 
 The following table sets forth selected financial information for the Technology segment. 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Sales and other operating revenues 693 843 EBITDA 366 514 
 Revenues Revenues decreased by 150 million, or 18 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Lower licensing revenues resulting from fewer contracts reaching significant milestones drove an 11 decrease in revenue. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a 10 decrease in revenue. Changes in average catalyst sales price resulted in a 2 increase in revenue. Higher catalyst volumes resulted in a 1 increase in revenue primarily driven by increased demand. 
 EBITDA EBITDA in 2022 decreased by 148 million, or 29 , compared to 2021. Lower licensing revenues resulting from fewer contracts reaching significant milestones drove a 16 decrease in EBITDA. Unfavorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in an EBITDA decrease of 11 . 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Operating, investing and financing activities of continuing operations, which are discussed below, are presented in the following table: 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 6,119 7,695 Investing activities (1,977) (1,502) Financing activities (3,407) (6,385) 
 Operating Activities Cash provided by operating activities of 6,119 million in 2022 primarily reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and cash used by the main components of working capital Accounts receivable, Inventories and Accounts payable. 
 In 2022, the main components of working capital provided 450 million of cash driven by a decrease in Accounts receivable, partially offset by a decrease in Accounts payable. The decrease in Accounts receivable was primarily due to lower revenues across most businesses primarily driven by lower average sales prices. The decrease in Accounts payable was driven by lower production volumes as a result of lower operating rates. 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 7,695 million in 2021 primarily reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and cash provided by the main components of working capital. 
 In 2021, the main components of working capital used 960 million of cash driven by an increase in Inventories and Accounts receivable, partially offset by an increase in Accounts payable. The increase in Inventories was primarily due to an increase in raw material costs coupled with an increase in inventory to levels required to support improved demand and in anticipation of turnarounds in 2022. The increase in Accounts receivable was driven by higher revenues across most businesses primarily driven by higher average sales prices. The increase in Accounts payable was primarily driven by increased raw material and energy costs. 
 Other operating activities in 2021 includes an 870 million tax refund received in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the effects of changes in income tax accruals primarily driven by increased pretax income. For additional information see Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Investing Activities Capital expenditures in 2022 totaled 1,890 million compared to 1,959 million in 2021. Approximately 50 and 60 of our capital expenditures in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was for profit-generating growth projects, primarily our PO/TBA plant, with the remaining expenditures supporting sustaining maintenance. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding capital spending by segment. 
 We invest cash in investment-grade and other high-quality instruments that provide adequate flexibility to redeploy funds as needed to meet our cash flow requirements while maximizing yield. 
 In 2022 and 2021, we received proceeds of 8 million and 335 million, respectively, from the liquidation of our investment in equity securities. Additionally, in 2021 we received proceeds of 346 million, upon the maturities of certain of our available-for-sale debt securities. 
 In 2021, we made an equity contribution of 104 million to form Ningbo ZRCC LyondellBasell New Material Company Limited, a 50/50 joint venture with Sinopec. For additional information related to our Equity investments, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, foreign currency contracts with an aggregate notional value of 500 million expired. Upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts, we paid 500 million 501 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received 614 million from our counterparties. 
 In 2021, foreign currency contracts with an aggregate notional value of 300 million expired. Upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts, we paid 300 million 355 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received 358 million from our counterparties. 
 Financing Activities We made dividend payments totaling 3,246 million, which included a combination of a special dividend of 5.20 per share and an increased quarterly dividend, and 1,486 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, in 2022 and 2021, we made payments of 420 million and 463 million to repurchase outstanding ordinary shares, respectively. For additional information related to our share repurchases and dividend payments, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In 2022 and 2021, we made net repayments of 4 million and 296 million, respectively, through the issuance and repurchase of commercial paper instruments under our commercial paper program. 
 In 2022, we received a return of collateral of 238 million related to the positions held with our counterparties for certain forward-starting interest rate swaps. 
 In 2021, we prioritized debt reduction resulting in a 4 billion decrease in our outstanding long-term debt. For a detailed discussion of financing activities for 2021, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In November 2021, foreign currency contracts previously designated as cash flow hedges with an aggregate notional value of 855 million expired. Upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts we paid 790 million 904 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received 855 million from our counterparties. 
 For additional information related to our swaps and currency contracts, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 We plan to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, dividends and other cash requirements with our current available liquidity and cash from operations, which could be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Debt repayment, and the purchase of shares under our share repurchase authorization, may be funded from cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt, or a combination thereof. 
 We intend to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends, with the goal of increasing the dividend over time, after giving consideration to our cash balances and expected results from operations. Our focus on funding our dividends while remaining committed to a strong investment grade balance sheet continues to be the foundation of our capital allocation strategy. 
 Cash and Liquid Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had Cash and cash equivalents totaling 2,151 million, which includes 1,044 million in jurisdictions outside of the U.S., primarily held within the United Kingdom. There are currently no legal or economic restrictions that would materially impede our transfers of cash. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Arrangements 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total debt, including current maturities, of 11,321 million, and 227 million of outstanding letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds issued under uncommitted credit facilities. 
 We had total unused availability under our credit facilities of 3,844 million at December 31, 2022, which included the following: 
 3,050 million under our 3,250 million Senior Revolving Credit Facility, which backs our 2,500 million commercial paper program. Availability under this facility is net of outstanding borrowings, outstanding letters of credit provided under the facility and notes issued under our commercial paper program. At December 31, 2022, we had 200 million of outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, and no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility; and 
 794 million under our 900 million U.S. Receivables Facility. Availability under this facility is subject to a borrowing base of eligible receivables, which is reduced by outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, if any. At December 31, 2022 we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility. 
 At any time and from time to time, we may repay or redeem our outstanding debt, including purchases of our outstanding bonds in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or a combination thereof, in each case using cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt or proceeds from asset divestitures. Any repayment or redemption of our debt will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. In connection with such repurchases or redemptions, we may incur cash and non-cash charges, which could be material in the period in which they are incurred. 
 In accordance with our current interest rate risk management strategy and subject to management s evaluation of market conditions and the availability of favorable interest rates among other factors, we may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements to economically convert a portion of our fixed rate debt to variable rate debt or convert a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In May 2022, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize us to repurchase up to 34.0 million ordinary shares, through November 27, 2023, which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. Our share repurchase authorization does not have a stated dollar amount, and purchases may be made through open market purchases, private market transactions or other structured transactions. Repurchased shares could be retired or used for general corporate purposes, including for various employee benefit and compensation plans. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased is not necessarily an indication of the number of shares that will ultimately be purchased. In 2022, we purchased 4.4 million shares under our share repurchase authorization for 406 million. 
 As of February 21, 2023, we had approximately 31.7 million shares remaining under the current authorization. The timing and amounts of additional shares repurchased, if any, will be determined based on our evaluation of market conditions and other factors, including any additional authorizations approved by our shareholders. For additional information related to our share repurchase authorizations, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Capital Budget 
 In 2023, we are planning to invest approximately 1.6 billion in capital expenditures. Approximately 70 of the 2023 budget is planned for sustaining maintenance, with the remaining budget supporting profit-generating growth projects. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Requirements from Contractual and Other Obligations 
 As part of our ongoing operations, we enter into contractual arrangements that may require us to make future cash payments under certain circumstances. Our cash requirements related to contractual and other obligations primarily consist of purchase obligations, principal and interest payments on outstanding debt, lease payments, pension and other post-retirement benefits and income taxes. For more information regarding our debt arrangements, lease obligations, pension and other post-retirement benefits and income taxes, see Notes 11, 12, 14 and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively. 
 We are party to obligations to purchase raw material s, utilities and industrial gases which are designed to ensure sources of supply and are not expected to be in excess of normal requirements. These purchase arrangements include provisions which state minimum purchase quantities; however, in the event we do not take the contractual minimum volumes, we are obligated to compensate the vendor only for any resulting economic losses they suffer. No material fees were paid to vendors for such losses in 2022. Assuming that contractual minimum volumes are purchased at contract prices as of December 31, 2022, these commitments represent approximately 20 of our annual Cost of sales with a weighted average remaining term of 7 years. 
 We also have purchase obligations under take-or-pay agreements which require us to either buy and take delivery of a minimum quantity of goods or to pay for any shortfall. These arrangements primarily relate to product off-take agreements with joint ventures located in Poland . No material shortfall was paid for quantities not taken under these contracts in 2022. When valued using a contract price as of December 31, 2022, these commitments represent approximately 5 of our annual Cost of sales with a weighted average remaining term of 14 years. 
 
 CURRENT BUSINESS OUTLOOK 
 In January 2023, demand from consumer packaging, oxyfuels and refining markets remained stable. Moderating energy and feedstock costs are providing some offsets to tepid global demand. Nonetheless, challenging market conditions are expected to persist through the first half of 2023. We are aligning production with global demand trends and expect first quarter average utilization rates for assets operated by us to be 80 for each of our O P-Americas, O P-EAI and I D segments. Start-up activities for the new PO/TBA capacity remain on track for the end of the first quarter 2023, with approximately half of the assets nameplate capacity expected to be produced and sold during the first year of operations. We expect typical spring and summer seasonal demand improvements and are prepared to leverage any increased economic activity in China as the year progresses. 
 During 2022, we introduced our value enhancement program that is anticipated to generate approximately 575 million in recurring annual Net income improvement by the end of 2025, which, after adding back income taxes and depreciation and amortization of 140 million and 35 million, respectively, results in 750 million of EBITDA. By the end of 2023, we anticipate that our value enhancement program will achieve annual recurring Net income of approximately 115 million, which, after adding back income taxes and depreciation and amortization of approximately 25 million and 10 million, respectively, results in 150 million of EBITDA. We estimate costs of 150 million in 2023 to achieve this milestone. 
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 We have related party transactions with our joint venture partners. We believe that such transactions are effected on terms substantially no more or less favorable than those that would have been agreed upon by unrelated parties on an arm s length basis. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional related party disclosures. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Management applies those accounting policies that it believes best reflect the underlying business and economic events, consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Inherent in such policies are certain key assumptions and estimates made by management and updated periodically based on its latest assessment of the current and projected business and general economic environment. 
 Management believes the following accounting policies and estimates, and the judgments and uncertainties affecting them, are critical in understanding our reported operating results and financial condition. 
 Inventories We account for our raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods inventories using the last-in, first-out LIFO method of accounting. 
 The cost of raw materials, which represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses, and energy costs generally follow price trends for crude oil and/or natural gas. Crude oil and natural gas prices are subject to many factors, including changes in economic conditions. 
 Since our inventory consists of manufactured products derived from crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and correlated materials, as well as the associated feedstocks and intermediate chemicals, our inventory market values are generally influenced by changes in the benchmark of crude oil and heavy liquid values and prices for manufactured finished goods. The degree of influence of a particular benchmark may vary from period to period, as the composition of the dollar value LIFO pools change. An actual valuation of inventory under the LIFO method is performed at the end of each year based on the inventory levels and costs at that time. Accordingly, interim LIFO calculations are based on our estimates of expected inventory levels and costs at the end of the year. 
 The impact of the measurement of each LIFO pool at the lower of cost or market value LCM is a function of the current market prices and the composition, or product mix, of inventory within the pool at the balance sheet date. Due to the compositions of our LIFO pools, changes in market prices from period-to-period do not necessarily correlate with LCM charges. Additionally, an LCM condition may arise due to a volumetric or price decline in a particular material that had previously provided a positive impact within a pool. In the measurement of an LCM adjustment, the numeric input value for determining the crude oil market price includes pricing that is weighted by volume of inventories held at a point in time, including WTI, Brent and Maya crude oils. 
 As indicated above, fluctuation in the prices of crude oil, natural gas and correlated products from period to period may result in the recognition of charges to adjust the value of inventory to the lower of cost or market in periods of falling prices and the reversal of those charges in subsequent interim periods as market prices recover. Accordingly, our cost of sales and results of operations may be affected by such fluctuations. 
 No LCM inventory valuation charges were recorded in 2022 or 2021, and we do not believe any of our inventory balance at year-end is at risk for impairment. Given the inherent volatility in the prices of our finished goods and raw materials, sustained price declines could result in LCM inventory valuation charges. 
 Long-Lived Assets Impairment Assessment The need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a weakened outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in margins, an expectation that a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment. If the sum of the undiscounted estimated pre-tax cash flows for an asset group is less than the asset group s carrying value, fair value is calculated for the asset group using an income approach or a market approach when appropriate, and the carrying value is written down to the calculated fair value. For purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets including finite-lived intangible assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Significant judgment is involved in developing estimates of future cash flows since the results are based on forecasted financial information prepared using significant assumptions which may include, among other things, projected changes in supply and demand fundamentals (including industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate and end-user demand), new technological developments, capital expenditures, new competitors with significant raw material or other cost advantages, changes associated with world economies, the cyclical nature of the chemical and refining industries, uncertainties associated with governmental actions and other economic conditions. Such estimates are consistent with those used in our financial planning and business performance reviews. 
 When an income approach is used to estimate fair value of our long-lived assets, the cash flows are discounted using a rate that is based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. This discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible. 
 Houston Refinery Impairment During the fourth quarter of 2021, we identified impairment triggers relating to our Houston refinery s asset group which resulted in non-cash impairment charges of 624 million. Refer to Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In 2021, the estimate of the Houston refinery s undiscounted pre-tax cash flows was based on significant assumptions including management s best estimates of the expected future cash flows, the estimated useful lives of the asset group, and the residual value of the refinery. These estimates required considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions such as future commodity prices, margins on refined products, operating rates and capital expenditures including repairs and maintenance. As a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our impairment determination will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. The Houston refinery s estimated fair value was calculated using a market approach which utilized unobservable inputs, which generally consist of market information provided by unrelated third parties. Should our estimates and assumptions significantly change in future periods, it is possible that we may determine future impairment charges. An estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions, including pricing, volumes, discount rates, and market information provided by unrelated third parties that can materially affect our estimates. That is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions. 
 Equity Method Investments Impairment Investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment when there are indicators of a loss in value, such as a lack of sustained earnings capacity or a current fair value less than the investment s carrying amount. When it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment s carrying value and its estimated fair value. When determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the duration and extent of the decline, the investee s financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the value of the investment. Management s estimate of fair value of an investment is based on the income approach and/or market approach. For the income approach, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants. For the market approach, since quoted market prices are usually not available, we utilize market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded industrial gases companies. 
 In response to challenging market conditions in China, during 2022 we assessed our equity method investment in Bora LyondellBasell Petrochemical Co. Ltd. BLYB for impairment and concluded that our 345 million investment in BLYB is not impaired. However, certain circumstances beyond our control could change in the near-term resulting in the need to recognize a non-cash impairment in subsequent periods. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of 1,827 million. Of this amount, 1,357 million is related to the acquisition of A. Schulman Inc. in 2018, which is included in our APS segment. The remaining goodwill at December 31, 2022 primarily represents the tax effect of the differences between the tax and book basis of our assets and liabilities resulting from the revaluation of those assets and liabilities to fair value in connection with the Company s emergence from bankruptcy and fresh-start accounting in 2010. Additional information on the amount of goodwill allocated to our reporting units appears in Notes 7 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill of a reporting unit may not be fully recoverable. We have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Qualitative factors assessed for each of the reporting units include, but are not limited to, changes in long-term commodity prices, discount rates, competitive environments, planned capacity, cost factors such as raw material prices, and financial performance of the reporting units. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a quantitative test is required. 
 We also have the option to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. Under the quantitative impairment test, the fair value of each reporting unit, calculated using a discounted cash flow model, is compared to its carrying value, including goodwill. The discounted cash flow model inherently utilizes a significant number of estimates and assumptions, including operating margins, tax rates, discount rates, capital expenditures and working capital changes. If the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to the excess would be recognized, up to a maximum amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 For 2022 and 2021, management performed a qualitative impairment assessment of our reporting units, which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value including goodwill. Accordingly, a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required, and no goodwill impairment was recognized in 2022 or 2021. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding subsequent events impacting our reporting units. 
 Long-Term Employee Benefit Costs Our costs for long-term employee benefits, particularly pension and other post-retirement medical and life insurance benefits, are incurred over long periods of time, and involve many uncertainties over those periods. The net periodic benefit cost attributable to current periods is based on several assumptions about such future uncertainties and is sensitive to changes in those assumptions. It is management s responsibility, often with the assistance of independent experts, to select assumptions that in its judgment represent its best estimates of the future effects of those uncertainties and to review those assumptions periodically to reflect changes in economic or other factors. 
 The current benefit service costs, as well as the existing liabilities, for pensions and other post-retirement benefits are measured on a discounted present value basis. The discount rate is a current rate, related to the rate at which the liabilities could be settled. Our assumed discount rate is based on yield information for high-quality corporate bonds with durations comparable to the expected cash settlement of our obligations. For the purpose of measuring the benefit obligations at December 31, 2022, we used a weighted average discount rate of 5.50 for the U.S. plans, which reflects the different terms of the related benefit obligations. The weighted average discount rate used to measure obligations for non-U.S. plans at December 31, 2022, was 3.99 , reflecting market interest rates. The discount rates in effect at December 31, 2022 will be used to measure net periodic benefit cost during 2023. 
 The benefit obligation and the net periodic benefit cost of other post-retirement medical benefits are also measured based on assumed rates of future increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits. As of December 31, 2022, the assumed rate of increase for our U.S. plans was 6.5 , decreasing to 4.5 in 2031 and thereafter. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The net periodic benefit cost of pension benefits included in expense is affected by the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption. Investment returns that are recognized currently in net income represent the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets applied to a market-related value of plan assets, which is defined as the market value of assets. The expected rate of return on plan assets is a longer-term rate and is expected to change less frequently than the current assumed discount rate, reflecting long-term market expectations, rather than current fluctuations in market conditions. 
 The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our U.S. plans of 7.25 is based on the average level of earnings that our independent pension investment advisor advised could be expected to be earned over time. The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our non-U.S. plans of 1.85 is based on expectations and asset allocations that vary by region. The asset allocations are summarized in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The actual rate of return on plan assets may differ from the expected rate due to the volatility normally experienced in capital markets. Management s goal is to manage the investments over the long term to achieve optimal returns with an acceptable level of risk and volatility. 
 Net periodic pension cost recognized each year includes the expected asset earnings, rather than the actual earnings or loss. Along with other gains and losses, this unrecognized amount, to the extent it cumulatively exceeds 10 of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market related value of the plan assets for the respective plan, is recognized as additional net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service period of the participants in each plan. 
 The following table reflects the sensitivity of the benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans to changes in the actuarial assumptions: 
 Effects on Benefit Obligations in 2022 Effects on Net Periodic Pension Costs in 2023 Millions of dollars U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. Projected benefit obligations at December 31, 2022 1,140 1,276 Projected net periodic pension costs in 2023 57 47 Discount rate increases by 100 basis points (94) (163) (7) (7) Discount rate decreases by 100 basis points 111 192 8 10 
 The sensitivity of our post-retirement benefit plans obligations and net periodic benefit costs to changes in actuarial assumptions are reflected in the following table: 
 Effects on Benefit Obligations in 2022 Effects on Net Periodic Benefit Costs in 2023 Millions of dollars U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. Projected benefit obligations at December 31, 2022 153 41 Projected net periodic benefit costs in 2023 (2) 2 Discount rate increases by 100 basis points (11) (8) (1) Discount rate decreases by 100 basis points 12 8 1 1 
 Additional information on the key assumptions underlying these benefit costs appears in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Accruals for Taxes Based on Income The determination of our provision for income taxes and the calculation of our tax benefits and liabilities is subject to management s estimates and judgments due to the complexity of the tax laws and regulations in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. Uncertainties exist with respect to interpretation of these complex laws and regulations. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. 
 We recognize future tax benefits to the extent that the realization of these benefits is more likely than not. Our current provision for income taxes is impacted by the recognition and release of valuation allowances related to net deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions. Further changes to these valuation allowances may impact our future provision for income taxes, which will include no tax benefit with respect to losses incurred and no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the respective valuation allowance is eliminated. 
 We recognize the financial statement benefits with respect to an uncertain income tax position that we have taken or may take on an income tax return when we believe it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities. 
 ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING CHANGES 
 For a discussion of the potential impact of new accounting pronouncements on our Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our management of commodity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk. 
 Commodity Price Risk Prices for our products and raw materials are subject to changes in supply and demand. Natural gas, crude oil, utilities, and refined products, along with feedstocks for ethylene and propylene production, constitute the main commodity exposures. Pricing terms in our raw material contracts are generally indexed to market prices. Changes in market prices for raw materials generally correlate with market prices for our products. In certain sales contracts, we may negotiate pricing terms to better align with changes in raw material costs. We also selectively enter commodity swap, option and futures contracts to manage commodity price risk. The impact of a 10 change in commodity prices at December 31, 2022 and 2021 would not materially impact the fair values of our commodity derivative contracts. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk We manufacture and market our products in many countries throughout the world and, as a result, are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Many of our operating entities use the euro as their functional currency. Translation adjustments are deferred in Accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 We enter foreign currency derivatives that are designated as net investment hedges to reduce the volatility in Shareholders equity resulting from translation adjustments associated with our net investments in foreign operations. We also enter foreign currency contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges to manage the variability in cash flows associated with intercompany debt balances. The table below illustrates the impact on Other comprehensive loss of a 10 fluctuation in the foreign currency rate associated with the hedges at December 31: 
 Notional Amount 10 Variance on Foreign Currency Rate Impact on Other Comprehensive Loss Millions of euro/dollars 2022 2021 2022 2021 Net investment hedges: Cross currency basis swaps 617 617 euro/U.S. dollar rate 67 71 Cross currency swaps 750 750 euro/U.S. dollar rate 75 92 Forward exchange contracts 1,350 1,250 euro/U.S. dollar rate 138 142 Cash flow hedges: Cross currency swaps 1,052 1,051 euro/U.S. dollar rate 113 134 
 Some of our consolidated entities enter transactions that are not denominated in their functional currency. This results in exposure to foreign currency risk for financial instruments, including, but not limited to, third-party and intercompany receivables and payables and intercompany loans. 
 Our policy is to maintain a balanced position in foreign currencies to minimize exchange gains and losses arising from changes in exchange rates. We maintain risk management control practices to monitor the foreign currency risk attributable to our inter-company and third party outstanding foreign currency balances. These practices involve the centralization of our exposure to underlying currencies that are not subject to central bank and/or country specific restrictions. By centralizing most of our foreign currency exposure into one subsidiary, we are able to take advantage of natural offsets thereby reducing the overall impact of changes in foreign currency rates on our earnings. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 To minimize the effects of our net currency exchange exposures, we enter into forward exchange contracts and cross-currency swaps. We also engage in short-term forward exchange contracts to manage our net exposure to foreign currencies as economic hedges. Changes in the fair value of these foreign currency contracts are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income and offset the currency exchange results recognized on foreign currency balances. 
 Other (expense) income, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income reflects net foreign currency losses of 14 million and 2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our foreign currency contracts that are accounted for as economic hedges mature between January 2023 and September 2023, inclusively, and had an aggregate notional amount of 396 million. A 10 fluctuation compared to the U.S. dollar would have resulted in an additional impact to earnings of approximately 17 million and 4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. Fluctuations in interest rates impact the fair value of fixed-rate debt and expose us to the risk that we may need to refinance debt at higher rates. Fluctuations in interest rates impact interest expense from our variable-rate debt. To minimize earnings at risk as part of our interest rate risk management strategy, we target to maintain floating-rate debt, through the use of interest rate swaps and issuance of variable-rate debt, equal to our cash and cash equivalents, as those assets earn interest based on floating-rates. 
 Pre-issuance interest rate To mitigate the risk that benchmark interest rates may increase in connection with future financing activities, we adopted a pre-issuance interest rate strategy, under which we entered forward-starting interest rate swaps that are designated as cash flow hedges. We estimate that a 10 change in market interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, would change the fair value of these forward-starting interest rate swaps by approximately 23 million and 48 million, respectively. 
 Fixed-rate debt We enter into interest rate swaps that effectively convert our fixed-rate debt to variable-rate debt. These interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total notional amount of these interest rate swaps was 2,164 million and 1,163 million , respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, after giving consideration to the fixed-rate debt that we have effectively converted to variable-rate debt, approximately 81 of our debt portfolio, on a gross basis, incurred interest at a fixed-rate and the remaining 19 of the portfolio incurred interest at a variable-rate. We estimate that a 10 change in market interest rates as of December 31, 2022, would change the fair value of these interest rate swaps by approximately 35 million; while an equivalent change in market interest rates as of December 31, 2021, would not materially impact the fair value of these interest rate swaps. 
 Variable-rate debt At December 31, 2022, our variable-rate debt consisted of 200 million outstanding under our Commercial Paper Program. We also have available borrowing capacity under our 3,250 million Senior Revolving Credit Facility and our 900 million U.S. Receivables Facility. At December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities. Based on our average variable-rate debt outstanding per year, we estimate that a 10 change in market interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 would not materially impact the fair value of these facilities. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 58 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 59 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Income 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 63 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 68 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 

57 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL 
 OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Taxation - Provisions for unrecognized tax benefits 
 As described in Notes 2, 9, 10, and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an income tax provision of 882 million, income tax receivables of 285 million, income tax payables of 242 million, and net deferred tax liabilities of 2,701 million related to which they have reported 271 million of unrecognized tax benefits. The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world, and its tax returns are periodically audited or subjected to review by tax authorities. As a result, there is an uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Management recognizes uncertain income tax positions when it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position or a portion thereof will be sustained upon examination. As disclosed by management, there continues to be increased attention to the tax practices of multinational companies, in particular in the U.S. and Europe where the Company operates. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the provision for unrecognized tax benefits is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining provisions for unrecognized tax benefits, including a high degree of estimation uncertainty relative to the complexity of tax laws, frequency of tax audits, and potential for adjustments as a result of such tax audits; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s timely identification of tax uncertainties; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the identification and recognition of the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and controls addressing completeness of the uncertain tax positions. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s assessment of the technical merits of tax positions and estimates of the amount of tax benefit expected to be sustained; (ii) testing the completeness of management s assessment of both the identification and possible outcomes of uncertain tax positions; and (iii) evaluating the status and results of tax audits with the relevant tax authorities. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the completeness of the Company s uncertain tax positions, including evaluating the reasonableness of management s assessment of whether tax positions are more likely than not of being sustained and the amount of potential benefit to be realized, as well as the determination and the application of relevant tax laws. 

/s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars, except earnings per share 2022 2021 2020 Sales and other operating revenues: Trade Related parties Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales Impairments Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other (expense) income, net ) Income from continuing operations before equity investments and income taxes Income from equity investments Income from continuing operations before income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Income from continuing operations Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) ) Net income Dividends on redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to the Company shareholders Earnings per share: Net income (loss) attributable to the Company shareholders Basic: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) ) Diluted: Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) ) ) 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Financial derivatives ) Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale debt securities ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans ) Foreign currency translations ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income Dividends on redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to the Company shareholders 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable: Trade, net Related parties Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Operating lease assets Property, plant and equipment, net Equity investments Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, Millions of dollars, except shares and par value data 2022 2021 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Short-term debt Accounts payable: Trade Related parties Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Deferred income taxes Commitments and contingencies Redeemable non-controlling interests Shareholders equity: Ordinary shares, par value, million shares authorized, and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and ordinary shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Company share of shareholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and equity 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairments Amortization of debt-related costs Share-based compensation Inventory valuation charges Equity investments Equity income ) ) ) Distributions of earnings, net of tax Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Changes in assets and liabilities that provided (used) cash: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale debt securities Purchases of equity securities ) Proceeds from equity securities Acquisition of equity method investment ) ) ) Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedges Payments for settlement of net investment hedges ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of Company ordinary shares ) ) ) Dividends paid - common stock ) ) ) Purchase of non-controlling interest ) Issuance of long-term debt Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Debt extinguishment costs ) ) Issuance of short-term debt Repayments of short-term debt ) Net (repayments of) proceeds from commercial paper ) ) Net collateral received from (paid for) interest rate derivatives ) Proceeds from settlement of cash flow hedges Payments for settlement of cash flow hedges ) Proceeds from settlement of foreign currency contract Payments for settlement of foreign currency contract ) Other, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Interest paid, net of capitalized interest Net income taxes paid 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Company Share of Shareholders Equity Non- Controlling Interests Millions of dollars Issued Treasury Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Share-based compensation ) Dividends - common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends - redeemable non-controlling interests per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Company ordinary shares ) ) Purchase of non-controlling interests Distribution to non-controlling interests ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation ) Dividends - common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends - redeemable non-controlling interests per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Company ordinary shares ) ) Sales of non-controlling interests ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Share-based compensation ) Dividends - common stock per share) 
 ) ) Special dividends - common stock per share) 
 ) ) Dividends - redeemable non-controlling interests per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Company ordinary shares ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 1. Description of Company and Operations 
 70 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 70 
 3. Revenues 
 79 
 4. Related Party Transactions 
 81 
 5. Accounts Receivable 
 81 
 6. Inventories 
 82 
 7. Property, Plant and Equipment, Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 82 
 8. Equity Investments 
 85 
 9. Prepaid Expenses, Other Current Assets and Other Assets 
 87 
 10. Accrued Liabilities 
 88 
 11. Debt 
 89 
 12. Leases 
 93 
 13. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
 94 
 14. Pension and Other Post-retirement Benefits 
 99 
 15. Incentive and Share-Based Compensation 
 110 
 16. Income Taxes 
 114 
 17. Commitments and Contingencies 
 120 
 18. Shareholders Equity and Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 121 
 19. Per Share Data 
 125 
 20. Segment and Related Information 
 126 

69 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

70 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and of the voting rights. Under the equity method of accounting, investments are stated initially at cost and are adjusted for subsequent additional investments and our proportionate share of profit or losses and distributions. 
 We record our share of the profits or losses of the equity investments, net of income taxes, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. When our share of losses in an equity investment equals or exceeds the carrying amount of our investment including advances made by us, we do not recognize further losses, unless we have guaranteed obligations or are otherwise committed to provide further financial support to the investee. 
 We assess our equity investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. If the decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to its estimated fair value. 
 Investments in PO Joint Ventures and the Louisiana Joint Venture We share ownership with Covestro PO LLC, a subsidiary of Covestro AG (collectively Covestro ), in a U.S. propylene oxide PO manufacturing joint venture (the U.S. PO Joint Venture ). The U.S. PO Joint Venture owns a PO/styrene monomer SM or styrene and a PO/tertiary butyl alcohol TBA manufacturing facility. Covestro s ownership interest in Series A partnership units represents an undivided interest in certain U.S. PO Joint Venture assets with correlative PO capacity reservation that resulted in ownership of annual in-kind cost-based PO production of approximately thousand tons in 2022 and 2021. Our ownership interest in Series A and Series B partnership units conveys us an undivided interest in certain U.S. PO Joint Venture assets with correlative PO and co-product capacity, respectively, resulting in the ownership of annual in-kind cost-based PO and co-product production. 
 In addition, each partner has a interest in a separate manufacturing joint venture (the European PO Joint Venture ), which owns a PO/SM plant at Maasvlakte near Rotterdam, The Netherlands. In substance, each partner s ownership interest represents an undivided interest in all of the European PO Joint Venture assets with correlative capacity reservation resulting in ownership of annual in-kind cost-based PO and SM production. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

ownership interest in an ethane cracker, a low-density and linear-low density polyethylene plant, and associated infrastructure. Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, each partner provides pro-rata share of ethane feedstocks and off-takes pro-rata shares of cracker and polyethylene products. We operate the Louisiana Joint Venture assets and market the polyethylene off-take for all partners through our global sales team. 
 We account for the PO Joint Ventures and the Louisiana Joint Venture using the equity method. We report the cost of our product off-take as Inventory and the equity loss as Cost of sales in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Related production cash flows are reported in the operating cash flow section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Our equity investment in the PO Joint Ventures and the Louisiana Joint Venture represents our share of the manufacturing plants and is decreased by recognition of our share of equity loss, which is equal to the depreciation of the assets of these joint ventures. Other changes in the investment balance are principally due to our additional capital contributions to these joint ventures to fund capital expenditures. Such contributions are reported in the investing cash flow section of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Our product off-take of PO and its co-products from the PO Joint Ventures was million tons in 2022, million tons in 2021 and million tons in 2020. Our product off-take of ethylene and polyethylene produced from the Louisiana Joint Venture was million tons in 2022 and million tons in 2021. The product off-take in 2020 for the period subsequent to the formation of the joint venture was immaterial. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other Provisions 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

74 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

75 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

76 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Changes in Fair Value Levels Management reviews the disclosures regarding fair value measurements at least quarterly. If an instrument classified as Level 1 subsequently ceases to be actively traded, it is transferred out of Level 1. In such cases, instruments are reclassified as Level 2, unless the measurement of its fair value requires the use of significant unobservable inputs, in which case it is reclassified as Level 3. 
 We use the following inputs and valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of our financial instruments disclosed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cross-Currency Swaps The fair value of our cross-currency swaps is calculated using the present value of future cash flows discounted using observable inputs such as known notional value amounts, yield curves, basis curves, as applicable, and with the foreign currency leg revalued using published spot and forward exchange rates on the valuation date. 
 Forward-Starting and Fixed-for-Floating Interest Rate Swaps The fair value of our forward-starting and fixed-for-floating interest rate swaps is calculated using the present value of future cash flows using observable inputs such as benchmark interest rates and market yield curves. 
 Commodity Derivatives The fair values of our commodity derivatives are measured using closing market prices of public exchanges and from third-party broker quotes and pricing providers. 
 The fair value of our commodity swaps classified as Level 2 is determined using a combination of observable and unobservable inputs. The observable inputs consist of future market values of various crude and heavy fuel oils, which are readily available through public data sources. The unobservable input, which is the estimated discount or premium used in the market pricing, is calculated using an internally-developed, multi-linear regression model based on the observable prices of the known components and their relationships to historical prices. A significant change in this unobservable input would not have a material impact on the fair value measurement of our Level 2 commodity swaps. 
 Forward Exchange Contracts The fair value of our forward exchange contracts is based on forward market rates. 
 Equity Securities The fair value of our investment in equity securities is based on the net asset value provided by the fund administrator. 
 Short-Term Debt The fair value of short-term borrowings related to precious metal financing arrangements accounted for as embedded derivatives are determined based on the future price of the associated precious metal. 
 Long-Term Debt The fair value of our senior and guaranteed notes is calculated using pricing data obtained from well-established and recognized vendors of market data for debt valuations. The fair value of our term loan was determined based on a discounted cash flow model using observable inputs such as benchmark interest rates and public information regarding our credit risk. 
 We use the following inputs and valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of our pension assets disclosed in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Common and Preferred Stock Valued at the closing price reported on the market on which the individual securities are traded. 
 Fixed Income Securities Certain securities that are not traded on an exchange are valued at the closing price reported by pricing services. Other securities are valued based on yields currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Employee Benefits 

78 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Polyethylene Polypropylene Propylene oxide and derivatives Oxyfuels and related products Intermediate chemicals Compounding and solutions Advanced polymers Refined products Other Total 
 The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by geography, based upon the location of the customer: 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Sales and other operating revenues: United States Germany China Mexico Japan Italy France Poland The Netherlands Other Total 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Shared service agreements Joint venture partners Related parties billed the Company for: Sales of products Joint venture partners Shared service agreements Joint venture partners 
 Related Party Notes Receivable In July 2022, we executed a loan agreement with our joint venture partner to fund CNY million (approximately million as of December 31, 2022) principal to our joint venture Bora LyondellBasell Petrochemical Co. Ltd. BLYB ). The loan matures six months from issuance and may be extended up to nine times, in six months increments, with consent of the joint venture partners. Interest accrues at the one-year prime rate from People s Bank of China and is payable quarterly. 
 million of the indebtedness of two of our joint ventures as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 million in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We recorded allowance for credit losses for receivables, which are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income, however, such amounts were immaterial for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Work-in-process Raw materials and supplies Total inventories 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and , respectively, of our inventories were valued using the last in, first out LIFO method and the remaining inventories, consisting primarily of materials and supplies, were valued at the moving average cost method. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our LIFO cost exceeded current replacement cost under the first-in first-out method. 
 The excess of our inventories at estimated net realizable value over LIFO cost was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2020, we recognized an LCM inventory valuation charge of million primarily related to the decline in pricing for our raw material and finished goods inventories. 
 
 Major manufacturing equipment Buildings Light equipment and instrumentation - Office furniture Major turnarounds - Information system equipment - Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Capitalized Interest We capitalize interest costs incurred on funds used to construct property, plant and equipment. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we capitalized interest of million, million and million, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) Various contracts ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Software costs ) ) Other ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Amortization of these identifiable intangible assets for the next five years is expected to be million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. 
 Impairments During the fourth quarter of 2021 and during the third quarter of 2020, we identified impairment triggers relating to our Houston refinery s asset group which resulted in non-cash impairment charges of million and million, respectively. 
 In September 2021, we announced we were weighing strategic options, including a potential sale, for our Houston refinery. The subsequent evaluation of strategic options during the fourth quarter of 2021 increased the likelihood of the asset s disposal prior to the end of its expected useful life. As a result of this impairment indicator, we assessed the Houston refinery for impairment in the fourth quarter of 2021 and determined that its carrying value exceeded its estimated undiscounted pre-tax cash flows. We estimated the fair values of the Houston refinery s property, plant and equipment, materials and supplies and intangible assets were all as of December 31, 2021. Given this, our Refining segment recognized a million non-cash impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2021 that includes a million impairment of property, plant and equipment, a million impairment of materials and supplies and a million impairment of intangible assets, which reduced the assets carrying values to their fair values. The fair values of the impaired assets were determined using market information provided by unrelated third parties. The fair value measurement for the asset group is classified as Level 3. 
 During 2020, prior to the Company s evaluation of strategic options for the Houston refinery, we identified impairment triggers related to our Houston refinery s asset group as a result of significant negative impacts to the Refining segment s forecasted cash flows resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. We assessed the Houston refinery for impairment and determined that the asset group carrying value exceeded its undiscounted estimated pre-tax cash flows. As of September 30, 2020, we estimated the fair value of the Houston refinery s property, plant and equipment to be million, and fair value of contract intangible assets to be million, which was less than the carrying value. As a result, our Refining segment recognized a non-cash impairment charge in the third quarter of 2020 of million, which included a million impairment of property, plant and equipment and a million impairment of contract intangible assets, which reduced the assets carrying values to their fair values. The fair value of the impaired assets was determined using an income approach that was based on significant inputs that were not observable in the market. The fair value measurement for the asset group is classified as Level 3. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

PO Joint Ventures and Louisiana Joint Venture Emission allowances Various contracts Customer relationships Software costs Other Total depreciation and amortization 
 Liabilities incurred Liabilities settled ) ) Changes in estimates Accretion expense Divestiture ) Effects of exchange rate changes ) ) Ending balance 
 In connection with the planned exit from the refinery business, we recorded liabilities for asset retirement obligations of million in 2022. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the planned exit. The remaining asset retirement obligations are primarily related to facilities in Europe. 
 Although we may have asset retirement obligations associated with some of our other facilities, the present value of those obligations is not material in the context of an indefinite expected life of the facilities. We continually review the optimal future alternatives for our facilities. Any decision to retire one or more facilities may result in an increase in the present value of such obligations. 
 Discontinued Operations We began reporting the Berre refinery as a discontinued operation in the second quarter of 2012. The estimated cost and associated cash flows pertaining to the final closure and dismantlement of our Berre refinery from the Prefect of Bouches du Rhone are not deemed to be material. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 
 
 U.S. PO Joint Venture - Series A U.S. PO Joint Venture - Series B Louisiana Joint Venture 
 Bora LyondellBasell Petrochemical Co. Ltd. Basell Orlen Polyolefins Sp. Z.o.o. Saudi Polyolefins Company Saudi Ethylene Polyethylene Company Ltd. Al-Waha Petrochemicals Ltd. Polymirae Co. Ltd. HMC Polymers Company Ltd. Indelpro S.A. de C.V. Ningbo ZRCC Lyondell Chemical Co. Ltd. Ningbo ZRCC LyondellBasell New Material Co. Ltd. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital contributions Income from equity investments Acquisition of equity investments Distribution of earnings, net of tax ) ) Depreciation of PO Joint Ventures and Louisiana Joint Venture ) ) Currency exchange effects ) ) Other ) ) Ending balance 
 Capital contributions in 2022 and 2021 include million and million, respectively, related to our PO Joint Ventures. 
 In January 2021, we executed a joint venture agreement with China Petroleum Chemical Corporation Sinopec to form the Ningbo ZRCC LyondellBasell New Material Company Limited joint venture. We contributed million for a equity interest in the joint venture. The joint venture is included within our Intermediates Derivatives segment. 
 Noncurrent assets Total assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Net assets 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Net operating expenses ) ) ) Operating income Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Other (expense) income, net ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) 
 million and million for the year ended December 31, 2020 . 
 
 Income tax receivable VAT receivables Financial derivatives Advances to suppliers Prepaid insurance Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Deferred tax assets Pension assets Company-owned life insurance Other Total other assets 
 
 Payroll and benefits Operating lease liabilities Income taxes Taxes other than income taxes Interest Contract liabilities Product sales rebates Financial derivatives Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, million, million of debt issuance cost) 
 Senior Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, 
 Issued by LYB International Finance B.V.: Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Issued by LYB International Finance II B.V.: Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Issued by LYB International Finance III, LLC: Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Guaranteed Notes due , million, million of discount; million of debt issuance cost) 
 Other Total Less current maturities Long-term debt 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

, 
 Guaranteed Notes due , 
 Guaranteed Notes due , 
 ) Guaranteed Notes due , 
 ) ) Guaranteed Notes due , 
 Guaranteed Notes due , 
 Guaranteed Notes due , 
 Guaranteed Notes due , 
 Guaranteed Notes due , 
 Total ) 
 Fair value adjustments are recognized in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Commercial paper Precious metal financings Other Total Short-term debt 
 Aggregate maturities of debt during the next five years are million in 2023, which includes million that remains outstanding under our guaranteed notes due , million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 Senior Revolving Credit Facility Our million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Senior Revolving Credit Facility ), which expires in , may be used for dollar and euro denominated borrowings. The facility has a million sub-limit for dollar and euro denominated letters of credit, a million uncommitted accordion feature, and supports our commercial paper program. . At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings or letters of credit outstanding and million of unused availability under this facility. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Term Loan due 2022 In 2021 we fully repaid the remaining million outstanding borrowings under our Term Loan due 2022 which was entered in 2019. 
 Covenants and Provisions Our million guaranteed notes due , which are guaranteed by LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of LyondellBasell Industries N.V., contain certain restrictions with respect to the level of maximum debt that can be incurred and security that can be granted by certain operating companies that are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V. These notes contain customary provisions for default, including, among others, the non-payment of principal and interest, certain failures to perform or observe obligations under the Agreement on the notes, the occurrence of certain defaults under other indebtedness, failure to pay certain indebtedness and the insolvency or bankruptcy of certain LyondellBasell Industries N.V. subsidiaries. 
 The indentures governing all other notes contain limited covenants, including those restricting our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness secured by significant property or by capital stock of subsidiaries that own significant property, enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions with respect to any significant property or enter into consolidations, mergers or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. 

. 
 Guaranteed Notes In June 2021, we redeemed million of the outstanding million guaranteed notes due . In conjunction with the partial redemption, we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The debt extinguishment costs include million paid for make-whole premiums and non-cash charges of million for the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million outstanding of guaranteed notes due . In conjunction with the redemption, we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The debt extinguishment costs include million paid for make-whole premiums and non-cash charges of million for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 In October 2021, we redeemed the entire million outstanding guaranteed floating rate notes due . In conjunction with the redemption, we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs related to the non-cash write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Pursuant to a cash tender offer, in December 2021 we repaid million principal outstanding of our guaranteed notes, comprising million of our million guaranteed notes due , million of our million guaranteed notes due , and million of our million guaranteed notes due . In conjunction with the tender offer, we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The debt extinguishment costs include million paid for make-whole premiums and non-cash charges of million for the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, partially offset by million in gains resulting from the write-off of the cumulative fair value hedge accounting adjustments. 
 In 2020, in conjunction with the repayment of a portion of the indebtedness outstanding under our Term Loan due and the redemption of our guaranteed notes due , we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The debt extinguishment costs include million paid for make-whole premiums and non-cash charges of million for the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, partially offset by million in gains resulting from the write-off of the cumulative fair value hedge accounting adjustments. 
 Senior Notes Pursuant to a cash tender offer, in December 2021 we repaid million principal outstanding of our million senior notes due . In conjunction with the tender offer, we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The debt extinguishment costs include million paid for make-whole premiums and non-cash charges of million for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 In 2020, in conjunction with the redemption of our senior notes due , we recognized million of debt extinguishment costs which are reflected in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The debt extinguishment costs include million paid for make-whole premiums and non-cash charges of million for the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, partially offset by million in gains resulting from the write-off of the cumulative fair value hedge accounting adjustments. 
 Short-Term Debt 
 U.S. Receivables Facility Our U.S. Receivables Facility, which expires in , has a purchase limit of million in addition to a million uncommitted accordion feature. This facility provides liquidity through the sale or contribution of trade receivables by certain of our U.S. subsidiaries to a wholly owned, bankruptcy-remote subsidiary on an ongoing basis and without recourse. The bankruptcy-remote subsidiary may then, at its option and subject to a borrowing base of eligible receivables, sell undivided interests in the pool of trade receivables to financial institutions participating in the facility Purchasers ). The sale of the undivided interest in the pool of trade receivables is accounted for as a secured borrowing in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are responsible for servicing the receivables. . In the event of liquidation, the bankruptcy-remote subsidiary s assets will be used to satisfy the claims of the Purchasers prior to any assets or value in the bankruptcy-remote subsidiary becoming available to us. This facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit up to million. Performance obligations under the facility are guaranteed by LyondellBasell Industries N.V. The term of the facility may be extended in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The facility is also subject to customary warranties and covenants, including limits and reserves and the maintenance of specified financial ratios. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

borrowings or letters of credit outstanding and million unused availability under the facility. 
 Commercial Paper Program We have a commercial paper program under which we may issue up to million of privately placed, unsecured, short-term promissory notes commercial paper ). This program is backed by our million Senior Revolving Credit Facility. Proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper may be used for general corporate purposes, including dividends and share repurchases. . At December 31, 2022, we had million of outstanding commercial paper. 
 Precious Metal Financings We enter into lease agreements for precious metals which are used in our production processes. Precious metal borrowings are classified as Short-term debt or Long-term debt, other, based on the maturities of the lease agreements. 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our weighted average interest rate on outstanding Short-term debt was and , respectively. 
 Additional Information 
 Debt Discount and Issuance Costs Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs resulted in amortization expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Other Information Our unsecured notes rank equally in right of payment to each respective finance subsidiary s existing and future unsecured indebtedness and to all of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. s existing and future unsubordinated indebtedness. There are no significant restrictions that would impede LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as guarantor, from obtaining funds by dividend or loan from its subsidiaries. 
 
 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Operating lease liabilities totaled million and million of which 344 million and 336 million , respectively, are current and recorded in Accrued liabilities. These values were derived using a weighted average discount rate of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Substantially all of our operating leases have remaining lease terms of years or less and have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years. Certain lease agreements include options to renew the lease, at our discretion, for approximately year to years and do not materially impact our operating lease assets or operating lease liabilities. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease costs were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 In connection with the planned exit from the refinery business, announced in April 2022, we recognized accelerated lease amortization costs of million during 2022 which is included in Operating lease cost. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have entered into additional operating leases, with an undiscounted value of million, primarily for railcars. These leases, which will commence in 2023 and 2024, have lease terms ranging from to years. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency Other assets Interest rates Prepaid expenses and other current assets Interest rates Other assets Derivatives not designated as hedges: Commodities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency Prepaid expenses and other current assets Non-derivatives: Equity securities Short-term investments Total Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedges: Commodities Accrued liabilities Foreign currency Accrued liabilities Foreign currency Other liabilities Interest rates Accrued liabilities Interest rates Other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedges: Commodities Accrued liabilities Commodities Other liabilities Foreign currency Accrued liabilities Total 
 The financial instruments in the table above are classified as Level 2. We present the gross assets and liabilities of our derivative instruments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Long-term debt Total 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Our other financial instruments classified within Current assets and Current liabilities have a short maturity and their carrying value generally approximates fair value. 
 Derivative Instruments: 
 Commodity Prices We are exposed to commodity price volatility related to purchases of various feedstocks and sales of our products. We use over-the-counter commodity swaps, options and exchange traded futures contracts to manage these risks, including through cash flow hedging relationships. 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges: Commodity contracts to 
 Interest Rates We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. Fluctuations in interest rates impact the fair value of fixed-rate debt and expose us to the risk that we may need to refinance debt at higher rates. Fluctuations in interest rates also impact interest expense from our variable-rate debt. We use forward-starting interest rate swaps that are designated as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk that benchmark rates will increase in connection with future financing activities. As of December 31, 2021, Other assets included million of collateral related to these forward-starting interest swaps. As of December 31, 2022, there was collateral remaining as it had been returned. We also use interest rate swaps that are designated as fair value hedges to mitigate the changes in the fair value of our fixed-rate debt by effectively converting it to variable-rate debt. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Fair value hedges to 
 Foreign Currency Rates We have significant worldwide operations. The functional currencies of our operating subsidiaries are primarily the U.S. dollar and the euro. We enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our designated functional currencies that create foreign currency exposure. We enter foreign currency contracts to economically hedge foreign currency risk related to recognized foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities. Changes in the fair value of such forward and swap contracts are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income and offset, in part, currency remeasurement results. In the past, we have entered euro-denominated debt that was designated as a net investment hedge. Other (expense) income, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income reflected foreign currency losses of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We enter foreign currency contracts that are designated as net investment hedges to manage the impacts of foreign currency translation of our net investments in foreign operations. We also enter foreign currency contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges to manage the variability in cash flows associated with intercompany debt balances. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to Cash flow hedges to Not designated 
 ) Cost of sales Foreign currency ) Interest expense Interest rates ) Interest expense Derivatives not designated as hedges: Commodities Sales and other operating revenues Commodities ) Cost of sales Foreign currency ) Other (expense) income, net Total ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Balance Sheet Income Statement Millions of dollars Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI to Income Additional Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income Income Statement Classification Derivatives designated as hedges: Commodities ) Cost of sales Foreign currency ) Interest expense Interest rates ) Interest expense Derivatives not designated as hedges: Commodities Sales and other operating revenues Commodities Cost of sales Foreign currency ) Other (expense) income, net Total ) 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cost of sales Foreign currency ) Interest expense Interest rates ) Interest expense Derivatives not designated as hedges: Commodities Sales and other operating revenues Commodities Cost of sales Foreign currency ) Other (expense) income, net Non-derivatives designated as hedges: Long-term debt ) Other (expense) income, net Total ) 
 Amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for foreign currency contracts designated as net investment hedges recognized in Other comprehensive income or Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. 
 As of December 31, 2022, on a pre-tax basis, million is scheduled to be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss as an increase to interest expense over the next twelve months. 
 Other Financial Instruments: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had marketable securities classified as Cash and cash equivalents of million and million, respectively. 
 Investments in Equity Securities The cost basis of our investment in equity securities was million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there was investment in equity securities remaining. The investment was under an orderly voluntary liquidation by the fund administrator in 2021. We received proceeds of million, million and million from the sale or liquidation of this investment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The investment was fully liquidated in January 2022. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Plan amendments Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Settlement ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange effects ) ) Benefit obligation, end of period Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Company contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Settlement ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange effects ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of period Funded status of continuing operations, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accrued benefit liability, current ) ) Accrued benefit liability, long-term ) ) ) ) Funded status of continuing operations, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 Amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss include the following: 
 Prior service cost Balance, end of period 
 
 Fair value of assets 
 Fair value of assets 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlement loss Actuarial loss amortization Net periodic benefit cost Non-U.S. Plans Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlement loss Curtailment gain ) Prior service cost amortization Actuarial loss amortization Net periodic benefit cost 
 In May 2022, a LyondellBasell sponsored pension plan purchased a group annuity contract from an insurance company to transfer million of our outstanding pension benefit obligations related to certain U.S. retirees and beneficiaries. The purchase of the group annuity contract was funded with pension plan assets. The insurance company is now required to pay and administer the retirement benefits owed to approximately U.S. retirees and beneficiaries with no change to their monthly retirement benefit payment amounts. In connection with this transaction, in the second quarter of 2022, we recognized a non-cash pension settlement loss of million, reflected in Other (expense) income, net, primarily related to the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

United Kingdom Lyondell Chemical Plans Equity securities Fixed income United Kingdom Basell Plans Equity securities Fixed income United Kingdom A. Schulman Plans Equity securities and growth assets Fixed income and matching assets United States Equity securities Fixed income Alternatives 
 Multi-employer plans Total 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 The following tables set forth the principal assumptions on discount rates, projected rates of compensation increase and expected rates of return on plan assets, where applicable. These assumptions vary for the different plans, as they are determined in consideration of local conditions. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Rate of compensation increase Cash balance interest credit rate 
 The weighted average assumptions used in determining net benefit costs for our pension plans were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 The discount rate assumptions reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled, based on the yields of high-quality long-term bonds where the term closely matches the term of the benefit obligations. 
 Actual rates of return may differ from the expected rate due to the volatility normally experienced in capital markets. Assets are externally managed by professional investment firms over the long term to achieve optimal returns with an acceptable level of risk and volatility in order to meet the benefit obligations of the plans as they come due. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Commingled funds measured at net asset value Real estate measured at net asset value Hedge funds measured at net asset value Private equity measured at net asset value U.S. government securities Cash and cash equivalents Total U.S. Pension Assets 
 December 31, 2022 Millions of dollars Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Non-U.S. Insurance arrangements Commingled funds measured at net asset value Cash and cash equivalents Total Non-U.S. Pension Assets December 31, 2021 Millions of dollars Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 U.S. Common and preferred stock Commingled funds measured at net asset value Real estate measured at net asset value Hedge funds measured at net asset value Private equity measured at net asset value U.S. government securities Cash and cash equivalents Total U.S. Pension Assets 
 December 31, 2021 Millions of dollars Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Non-U.S. Insurance arrangements Commingled funds measured at net asset value Cash and cash equivalents Total Non-U.S. Pension Assets 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and has decreased to million at December 31, 2022. The change is due primarily to the reduction of the assets in relation with the increase of the discount rate from 2021 to 2022. 
 N/A to days 
 to days 
 Commingled fund investing in International Equity N/A to days 
 days 
 Commingled fund investing in Fixed Income N/A to days 
 to days 
 Real Estate years to days 
 to days 
 Hedge Funds N/A to days 
 to days 
 Private Equity years N/A N/A Total U.S. 
 Millions of dollars Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Remaining Life Redemption Frequency (if currently eligible) Trade to Settlement Terms Redemption Notice Period Non-U.S. Commingled fund investing in Domestic Equity N/A to days 
 to days 
 Commingled fund investing in International Equity N/A to days 
 to days 
 Commingled fund investing in Fixed Income N/A to days 
 days Total Non-U.S. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

N/A to days 
 to days 
 Commingled fund investing in International Equity N/A to days 
 days 
 Commingled fund investing in Fixed Income N/A to days 
 to days 
 Real Estate years to days 
 to days 
 Hedge Funds N/A to days 
 to days 
 Private Equity years N/A N/A Total U.S. 
 Millions of dollars Fair Value Unfunded Commitments Remaining Life Redemption Frequency (if currently eligible) Trade to Settlement Terms Redemption Notice Period Non-U.S. Commingled fund investing in Domestic Equity N/A to days 
 to days 
 Commingled fund investing in International Equity N/A to days 
 to days 
 Commingled fund investing in Fixed Income N/A to days 
 days Total Non-U.S. 
 Multi-employer Plan The Company participates in a multi-employer arrangement with Pensionskasse der BASF WaG V.VaG Pensionskasse which provides for benefits to the majority of our employees in Germany. Up to a certain salary level, the benefit obligations are covered by contributions of the Company and the employees to the plan. Contributions made to the multi-employer plan are expensed as incurred. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively; total actuarial present value of accumulated plan benefits of million and million, respectively; and total contributions for all participating employers of million and million, respectively. Our plan contributions did not exceed percent of the total contributions in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Other Post-retirement Benefits We sponsor unfunded health care and life insurance plans covering certain eligible retired employees and their eligible dependents. Generally, the medical plans pay a stated percentage of medical expenses reduced by deductibles and other coverage. Life insurance benefits are generally provided by insurance contracts. We retain the right, subject to existing agreements, to modify or eliminate these benefits. 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Plan amendments Foreign exchange effects ) ) Benefit obligation, end of period Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of period Funded status, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows:) ) ) ) Accrued benefit liability, long-term ) ) ) ) Funded status, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Prior service cost ) ) Balance, end of period ) 
 Interest cost Actuarial gain amortization ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) Non-U.S. Plans Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss amortization Net periodic benefit cost 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Ultimate trend rate (the rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate Non-U.S. Plans Canada France December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Immediate trend rate Ultimate trend rate (the rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
 The health care cost trend rate assumption does not typically have a significant effect on the amounts reported due to limits on maximum contribution levels to the medical plans. 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 The weighted average assumptions used in determining the net benefit costs for our other post-retirement benefit plans were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. U.S. Non-U.S. Discount rate Rate of compensation increase 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss In 2022, pension benefits actuarial gain and other post-retirement benefits actuarial gain of million and million, respectively, are primarily due to changes in discount rate assumption and updated actuarial assumptions. In 2021, pension benefits actuarial gain and other post-retirement benefits actuarial gain of million and million, respectively, are primarily due to changes in discount rate assumption and updated actuarial assumptions. 
 Deferred income taxes related to amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive loss include provisions of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Defined Contribution Plans Most employees in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. countries are eligible to participate in defined contribution plans Employee Savings Plan by contributing a portion of their compensation. We make employer contributions, such as matching contributions, to certain of these plans. The Company also has a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that covers senior management in the U.S. This plan was amended in April 2013 to provide for Company contributions on behalf of certain eligible employees who earn base pay above the IRS annual compensation limit. 

shares. Assuming a maximum payout for our PSU awards, there were shares available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Stock options Performance share units Total Tax Benefit: Restricted stock units Stock options Performance share units Total 
 Restricted Stock Unit Awards 
 The fair value of RSUs is based on the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested and issued was million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 
 Stock Option Awards 
 The fair value of each Stock option is estimated, based on several assumptions, on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The principal assumptions utilized in valuing Stock options include the expected stock price volatility (based on our historical stock price volatility over the expected term); the expected dividend yield; and the risk-free interest rate (an estimate based on the yield of a United States Treasury zero coupon bond with a maturity equal to the expected term of the option). 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

per share to all shareholders as of June 6, 2022. Pursuant to the anti-dilutive provisions under the award agreement, the Compensation Committee authorized the reduction of the exercise price for all outstanding stock options in an amount equal to the special dividends per share. The reduction in exercise price of per share for all outstanding stock options was intended to provide an equitable and proportionate adjustment to holders of stock options as a result of the Company s payment of the special dividend. These adjustments did not result in incremental expense. 
 Fair value assumptions: Dividend yield Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted average expected term, in years 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 years Exercisable at December 31, 2022 years 
 (1) The weighted-average exercise price in the table above has been modified to reflect the reduction of exercise price related to the special dividend. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of Stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to Stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. During 2022, cash received from the exercise of Stock options was million and the tax benefit associated with these exercises was . 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fair value assumptions: Expected volatility of LyondellBasell N.V. common stock 
 - 
 Expected volatility of peer companies - 
 - 
 - 
 Average correlation coefficient of peer companies 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of PSUs vested during 2020 was million. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to PSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of . 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan We have an Employee Share Purchase Plan ESPP which allows participants to purchase our stock at a discount on the lower of the fair market value at either the beginning or end of the purchase period. As a result of the discount and the look-back provision, the ESPP is considered a compensatory plan under generally accepted accounting principles. Total expense related to our ESPP was million in both 2022 and 2021 and million in 2020. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million cumulatively. We requested a cash refund of approximately billion which has been received; million and million in 2021 and 2022, respectively. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Non-U.S. State Total current ) Deferred: U.S. federal ) Non-U.S. ) ) ) State ) Total deferred ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes before tax effects of other comprehensive income ) Tax effects of elements of other comprehensive income: Pension and post-retirement liabilities ) Financial derivatives ) Foreign currency translation ) Total income tax expense (benefit) in comprehensive income ) 
 Since the proportion of U.S. revenues, assets, operating income and associated tax provisions is significantly greater than any other single taxing jurisdiction within the worldwide group, the reconciliation of the differences between the provision for income taxes and the statutory rate is presented on the basis of the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate of as opposed to the United Kingdom statutory rate of . Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 is . 
 Our effective income tax rate fluctuates based on, among other factors, changes in pre-tax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates, changes in valuation allowances, changes in foreign exchange gains/losses, the amount of exempt income, changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions and changes in tax laws. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) Non-U.S. Total Income tax at U.S. statutory rate Increase (reduction) resulting from: Non-U.S. income taxed at different statutory rates Changes in tax laws ) ) Return to accrual adjustments ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Exempt income ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) Other, net Income tax provision ) 
 Our return to accrual adjustments in 2021 primarily include the tax benefits associated with an election made in 2021 to step-up of certain Italian assets to fair market value retroactively and the impact of certain retroactive elections made with respect to the CARES Act in the U.S. 
 Our exempt income primarily includes interest income, export incentives, and equity earnings of joint ventures. Interest income earned by certain of our subsidiaries through intercompany financings is taxed at rates substantially lower than the U.S. statutory rate. Export incentives relate to tax benefits derived from elections and structures available for U.S. exports. Equity earnings attributable to the earnings of our joint ventures, when paid through dividends to certain European subsidiaries, are exempt from all or portions of normal statutory income tax rates. We currently anticipate the favorable treatment for interest income, dividends, and export incentives to continue in the near term; however, this treatment is based on current law, which could change. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Investment in joint venture partnerships Inventory Operating lease assets Other liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Tax attributes Employee benefit plans Operating lease liabilities Other assets Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax asset valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liabilities 
 December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 Balance sheet classifications: Deferred tax assets long-term Deferred tax liabilities long-term Net deferred tax liabilities 
 Deferred taxes on the unremitted earnings of certain equity joint ventures and subsidiaries of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, have been provided. The Company intends to permanently reinvest approximately million of our non-U.S. earnings. Repatriation of these earnings to the U.S. in the future could result in a tax impact of approximately million. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total tax attributes available in the amount of million and million, respectively, for which a deferred tax asset was recognized at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of million and million, respectively. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Indefinite Total 
 France United Kingdom The Netherlands Spain Other Total 
 To fully realize these net deferred tax assets, we will need to generate sufficient future taxable income in the countries where these tax attributes exist during the periods in which the attributes can be utilized. Based upon projections of future taxable income over the periods in which the attributes can be utilized and/or temporary differences are expected to reverse, management believes it is more likely than not that million of these deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 will be realized. 
 As of each reporting date, we consider the weight of all evidence, both positive and negative, to determine if a valuation allowance is necessary for each jurisdictions net deferred tax assets. We place greater weight on historical evidence over future predictions of our ability to utilize net deferred tax assets. We consider future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences, and taxable income in prior carryback year(s) if carryback is permitted under applicable law, as well as available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would, if necessary, be implemented to ensure realization of the net deferred tax asset. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

France United States The Netherlands Other 
 During 2022, we had some reductions in our tax attributes with offsetting valuation allowances which did not impact the effective tax rate. 
 million, million and million relating to uncertain tax positions were unrecognized as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits: 
 Year Ended December 31, Millions of dollars 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of period Additions for tax positions of current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements (payments/refunds) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 The majority of the uncertain tax positions, if recognized, will affect the effective tax rate. We operate in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world, and our tax returns are periodically audited or subjected to review by tax authorities. We are currently under examination in a number of tax jurisdictions. As a result, there is an uncertainty in income taxes recognized in our financial statements. Positions challenged by the tax authorities may be settled or appealed by us. 
 During 2022, we accrued a million non-cash tax benefit to our effective tax rate as a reduction for tax positions of a prior year. This benefit was largely due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitations. During 2020, we accrued a million non-cash tax expense to our effective tax rate as an addition for tax positions of prior years. 
 We are no longer subject to any significant income tax examinations by tax authorities in our principal tax jurisdiction for the years prior to 2005 in Germany, prior to 2014 in Italy and the U.S., and prior to 2019 in The Netherlands, France, and the United Kingdom. It is reasonably possible that, within the next twelve months, due to the settlement of uncertain tax positions with various tax authorities and the expiration of statutes of limitations, unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by up to approximately million. 
 We recognize interest associated with unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Income tax expense includes expenses of interest and penalties of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We had accrued approximately million, million and million for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million related to building our new PO/TBA plant in Houston, Texas. 
 Financial Assurance Instruments We have obtained letters of credit, performance and surety bonds and have issued financial and performance guarantees to support trade payables, potential liabilities and other obligations. Considering the frequency of claims made against the financial instruments we use to support our obligations, and the magnitude of those financial instruments in light of our current financial position, management does not expect that any claims against or draws on these instruments would have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. We have not experienced any unmanageable difficulties in obtaining the required financial assurance instruments for our current operations. 
 Environmental Remediation Our accrued liability for future environmental remediation costs at current and former plant sites and other remediation sites totaled 127 million and 138 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the accrued liabilities for individual sites range from to million. The remediation expenditures are expected to occur over a number of years, and not concentrated in any single year. In our opinion, it is reasonably possible that losses in excess of the liabilities recorded may have been incurred. However, we cannot estimate any amount or range of such possible additional losses. New information about sites, new technology or future developments such as involvement in investigations by regulatory agencies, could require us to reassess our potential exposure related to environmental matters. 
 Changes in estimates Amounts paid ) ) Foreign exchange effects ) ) Other ) Ending balance 
 Indemnification We are parties to various indemnification arrangements, including arrangements entered into in connection with acquisitions, divestitures and the formation and dissolution of joint ventures. Pursuant to these arrangements, we provide indemnification to and/or receive indemnification from other parties in connection with liabilities that may arise in connection with the transactions and in connection with activities prior to completion of the transactions. These indemnification arrangements typically include provisions pertaining to third party claims relating to environmental and tax matters and various types of litigation. As of December 31, 2022, we had not accrued any significant amounts for our indemnification obligations, and we are not aware of other circumstances that would likely lead to significant future indemnification obligations. We cannot determine with certainty the potential amount of future payments under the indemnification arrangements until events arise that would trigger a liability under the arrangements. 
 As part of our technology licensing contracts, we give indemnifications to our licensees for liabilities arising from possible patent infringement claims with respect to certain proprietary licensed technologies. Such indemnifications have a stated maximum amount and generally cover a period of to years. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

June - Quarterly dividend June - Special dividend September - Quarterly dividend December - Quarterly dividend For the year 2021: 
 March - Quarterly dividend June - Quarterly dividend September - Quarterly dividend December - Quarterly dividend 
 In addition to the dividends paid to ordinary shareholders above, in 2022 we paid million of dividend equivalents to holders of RSUs, which are recognized as dividends in Retained earnings. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization In May 2022, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize us to repurchase up to million ordinary shares, through 2022 Share Repurchase Authorization ), which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. The timing and amount of these repurchases, which are determined based on our evaluation of market conditions and other factors, may be executed from time to time through open market or privately negotiated transactions. The repurchased shares, which are recorded at cost, are classified as Treasury stock and may be retired or used for general corporate purposes, including for various employee benefit and compensation plans. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million ordinary shares, through 2021 Share Repurchase Authorization ), which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. 
 In May 2020, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize us to repurchase up to million ordinary shares through 2020 Share Repurchase Authorization ), which superseded our prior repurchase authorizations. 
 2022 Share Repurchase Authorization For the year 2021: 
 2021 Share Repurchase Authorization For the year 2020: 
 September 2019 Share Repurchase Authorization 2020 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 million, million and million, respectively. Cash payments made during the reporting period may differ from the total purchase price, including commissions and fees, due to the timing of payments. 
 Share-based compensation Employee stock purchase plan Purchase of ordinary shares ) ) ) Ending balance 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Share-based compensation ) ) ) Employee stock purchase plan ) ) ) Purchase of ordinary shares Ending balance) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Tax benefit before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Tax expense ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Tax expense before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Tax (expense) benefit ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Tax expense before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Tax (expense) benefit ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Cost of sales Foreign currency ) ) Interest expense Interest rates Interest expense Income tax (expense) benefit ) Provision for income taxes Financial derivatives, net of tax ) ) Amortization of defined pension items: Settlement loss Other (expense) income, net Actuarial loss Other (expense) income, net Prior service cost Other (expense) income, net Curtailment gain ) Other (expense) income, net Income tax expense ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Defined pension items, net of tax Total reclassifications, before tax ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications, after tax ) Amount included in net income 
 Amortization of defined pension items are included in the computation of net periodic pension and other post-retirement benefit costs, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interests 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had and shares of redeemable non-controlling interest stock outstanding, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were redeemed for approximately million. There were share redemptions during 2021 and 2020. 
 In February, May, August and November 2022, we paid cash dividends of per share to our redeemable non-controlling interest stock shareholders of record as of , , , and , respectively. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, these dividends were million for each year. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

) ) ) Dividends on redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to participating securities ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders basic and diluted Millions of shares, except per share amounts Basic weighted average common stock outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Potential dilutive shares Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

126 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Intersegment ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from equity investments ) ) EBITDA ) Capital expenditures 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Millions of dollars O P - Americas O P - EAI I D APS Refining Technology Other Total Sales and other operating revenues: Customers Intersegment ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Other income (expense), net ) ) Income (loss) from equity investments ) EBITDA ) ) Capital expenditures 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Millions of dollars O P - Americas O P - EAI I D APS Refining Technology Other Total Sales and other operating revenues: Customers Intersegment ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) from equity investments ) EBITDA ) ) Capital expenditures 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other EBITDA ) ) ) Less: Depreciation and amortization expense ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Add: Interest income Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 Equity investments Goodwill December 31, 2021 Property, plant and equipment, net Equity investments Goodwill 
 Germany The Netherlands France China Italy Mexico Other Total 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million. In connection with this sale, we assessed the assets of the disposal group for impairment and determined that the carrying value exceeded the fair value less costs to sell. As a result, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge in the second quarter of 2022 of million in the operating results of our O P-EAI segment. The fair value measurement for the disposal group is based on expected consideration and classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The charge is reflected as Impairments in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Exit of Houston Refinery Operations In April 2022 we announced our decision to cease operation of our Houston refinery no later than the end of 2023 after determining that exiting the refining business is our best strategic and financial path forward. Our exit from the refining business progresses our greenhouse gas emission reduction goals, and the site s prime location gives us more options for advancing our future strategic objectives, including circularity. In the interim, we will continue serving the fuels market. 
 During 2022, in connection with the planned exit from the refinery business, we expensed accelerated lease amortization costs of million, personnel costs of million, asset retirement cost depreciation of million, and asset retirement obligation accretion of million. In subsequent periods, we expect to incur additional costs primarily consisting of accelerated amortization of operating lease assets of million to million, personnel costs of million to million and other charges of million to million. Additionally, we estimate that the Houston refinery s asset retirement obligations are in the range of million to million. As of December 31, 2022, we recorded asset retirement obligations of million representing our best estimate. The asset retirement obligations we recorded require significant judgment and are subject to changes in the underlying assumptions. We intend to proceed with an orderly shut-down and do not expect to recognize these charges all at once, but rather over time. We do not anticipate any material cash payments related to the exit of the refinery business to be made in 2023. 
 Operating results for our Refining segment include non-cash impairment charges of million and million recognized in 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding impairment charges. 
 Subsequent Events In the fourth quarter of 2022 we embarked on a journey to transform the APS segment. Our goal is to sharpen our focus on customer service and product development to maximize value for our customers and LyondellBasell. With increased autonomy and accountability, we are developing a more agile operating model with meaningful regional and segment growth strategies. As part of this transformation, effective January 1, 2023, our Catalloy and polybutene-1 products will be moved from our APS segment and reintegrated into our O P-Americas and O P-EAI segments. This move will allow the APS team to focus on our compounding business. Also, effective January 1, 2023, the APS reporting unit s goodwill has been reallocated between the APS, O P-Americas and O P-EAI segments based on their relative fair values. 
 As a result of the change noted above, we are evaluating goodwill for impairment immediately before and after the transfer of our Catalloy and polybutene-1 businesses. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill included in our APS reporting unit was million, the majority of which is related to the 2018 acquisition of A. Schulman. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a large portion of the APS reporting unit s fair value was derived from our Catalloy and polybutene-1 products, which had disproportionately low carrying values in comparison to the remaining assets of the reporting unit, which had relatively higher carrying values due to the 2018 purchase price allocation associated with the acquisition of A. Schulman. As a result of the reallocation of goodwill among reporting units we expect to recognize a non-cash goodwill impairment charge in our APS segment of approximately million to million in the first quarter of 2023. Estimates of fair values were determined through the use of a discounted cash flow model, market comparisons and internal assumptions including revenue growth rates and discount rates, which are inherently subjective. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to management (including the principal executive and financial officers) as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting can be found in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Act, in our fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 

130 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 We have a Code of Conduct for all employees and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. We also have a Financial Code of Ethics specifically for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. We have posted copies of these codes on the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.LyondellBasell.com (within the Investor Relations section). Any waivers of the codes must be approved, in advance, by our Board of Directors. Any amendments to, or waivers from, the codes that apply to our executive officers and directors will be posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website. 
 Information regarding our executive officers is reported under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 All other information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11 . Executive Compensation. 
 All information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 All information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 All information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 All information required by this Item will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Except for information or data specifically incorporated herein by reference under Items 10 through 14, other information and data appearing in our 2023 Proxy Statement are not deemed to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or deemed to be filed with the Commission as a part of this report. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements : The financial statements and supplementary information listed in the Index to Financial Statements, included in Item 8. 
 (a) (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules : Schedules are omitted because they either are not required or are not applicable or because equivalent information has been included in the financial statements, the notes thereto or elsewhere herein. 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3 Articles of Association of LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as amended on June 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2018) 
 4.1 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2020) 
 4.2 Specimen certificate for Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.04 per share, of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016) 
 4.3 Registration Rights Agreement by and among LyondellBasell Industries N.V. and the Holders (as defined therein), dated as of April 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed with the SEC on July 26, 2010) 
 4.4 Second Amended and Restated Nomination Agreement, dated June 1, 2018, between AI International Chemicals S. R.L. and LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2018) 
 4.5 Indenture relating to 5.750 Senior Notes due 2024, among LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as issuer, each of the Guarantors named therein, as guarantors, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, registrar and paying agent, dated as of April 9, 2012 (including form of 5.750 Senior Note due 2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2012) 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2015, to Indenture dated as of April 9, 2012, between LyondellBasell Industries N.V. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2015) 
 4.7 Indenture, between LyondellBasell Industries N.V. as Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee dated as of March 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2015) 
 4.8 Officer s Certificate of LyondellBasell Industries, N.V. relating to the 4.625 Senior Notes due 2055, dated as of March 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2015) 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 4.9 Form of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. s 4.625 Senior Notes due 2055 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2015 and included in Exhibit 4.2 thereto) 
 4.10 Indenture, among LYB International Finance B.V., as issuer, LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of July 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2013) 
 4.11 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance B.V. relating to the 4.000 Guaranteed Notes due 2023, dated as of July 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2013) 
 4.12 Form of LYB International Finance B.V. s 4.000 Guaranteed Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2013) 
 4.13 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance B.V. relating to the 5.250 Guaranteed Notes due 2043, dated as of July 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2013) 
 4.14 Form of LYB International Finance B.V. s 5.250 Guaranteed Notes due 2043 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2013) 
 4.15 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance B.V. relating to the 4.875 Guaranteed Notes due 2044, dated as of February 28, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28. 2014) 
 4.16 Form of LYB International Finance B.V. s 4.875 Guaranteed Notes due 2044 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28. 2014) 
 4.17 Indenture, among LYB International Finance II B.V., as Issuer, LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as Guarantor, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, dated as of March 2, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016) 
 4.18 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance II B.V. relating to the 3.500 Guaranteed Notes due 2027, dated as of March 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2017) 
 4.19 Form of LYB International Finance II B.V. s 3.500 Guaranteed Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2017 and included in Exhibit A thereto) 
 4.20 Supplemental Indenture, among LYB International Finance II B.V., as Issuer, LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as Guarantor, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee, dated as of September 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2019) 
 4.21 Form of LYB International Finance II B.V. s 0.875 Guaranteed Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2019) 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 4.22 Form of LYB International Finance II B.V. s 1.625 Guaranteed Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2019) 
 4.23 Indenture, among LYB International Finance III, LLC, as Issuer, LyondellBasell Industries N.V., as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, dated as of October 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019) 
 4.24 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance III, LLC relating to the 4.200 Guaranteed Notes due 2049, dated as of October 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019) 
 4.25 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 4.200 Guaranteed Notes due 2049 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019) 
 4.26 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance III, LLC relating to the 3.375 Guaranteed Notes due 2030, and 4.200 Guaranteed Notes due 2050 dated as of April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2020) 
 4.27 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 3.375 Guaranteed Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2020) 
 4.28 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 4.200 Guaranteed Notes due 2050 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2020) 
 4.29 Officer s Certificate of LYB International Finance III, LLC relating to the 1.250 Guaranteed Notes due 2025, 2.250 Guaranteed Notes due 2030, 3.375 Guaranteed Notes due 2040, 3.625 Guaranteed Notes due 2051, and 3.800 Guaranteed Notes due 2060, dated as of October 8, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 4.30 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 1.250 Guaranteed Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 4.31 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 2.250 Guaranteed Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 4.32 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 3.375 Guaranteed Notes due 2040 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 4.33 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 3.625 Guaranteed Notes due 2051 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 4.34 Form of LYB International Finance III, LLC s 3.800 Guaranteed Notes due 2060 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 10.1+ Offer Letter dated December 8, 2021 between Peter Vanacker and LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021) 
 10.2+ Offer Letter dated October 10, 2019 between Michael McMurray and Lyondell Chemical Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2019) 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.3+ Offer Letter dated May 17, 2019 between Kenneth T. Lane and Lyondell Chemical Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2020) 
 10.4+ Recognition Award dated May 26, 2022 from the Company to Kenneth Lane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2022) 
 10.5+ Appointment letter for Kenneth Lane dated September 2 6 , 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 28, 2022) 
 10.6+ Offer Letter dated May 17, 2019 between Torkel Rhenman and Lyondell Chemical Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 20, 2020) 
 10.7+ Letter to Torkel Rhenman dated July 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 30, 2020) 
 10.8+ Appointment Letter for Torkel Rhenman dated September 2 7 , 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 28, 2022) 
 10.9+ International Assignment Letter for James Guilfoyle dated November 8, 2022 
 10.10+ LyondellBasell U.S. Senior Management Deferral Plan dated effective as of May 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2012) 
 10.11+ First Amendment to the LyondellBasell U.S. Senior Management Deferral Plan dated effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2013) 
 10.12+ LyondellBasell Executive Severance Plan, Amended Restated, effective as of December 13, 2021 and Form of Participation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021) 
 10.13+ Form of Executive Severance Plan Participation Agreement between Lyondell Chemical Company and Peter Vanacker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021) 
 10.14+ Form of Officer and Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2019) 
 10.15+ LyondellBasell Industries Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021) 
 10.16+ 2021 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 
 10.17+ 2021 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 
 10.18+ 2021 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on April 30, 2021) 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.19+ 2022 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022) 
 10.20+ 2022 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 9 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022) 
 10.21+ 2022 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 20 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022) 
 10.22+ 2023 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 10.23+ 202 3 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement 
 10.24+ 202 3 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement 
 10.25+ Form of 2021 Cash Incentive Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2021) 
 10.26+ Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 31, 2020) 
 10.27 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, among LyondellBasell Industries N.V. and LYB Americas Finance Company LLC, as Borrowers, the Lenders from time to time party thereto , Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Syndication Agent and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021) 
 10.28 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated September 11, 2012, by and among Lyondell Chemical Company, as initial servicer, and LYB Receivables LLC, as seller, PNC National Association, as Administrator and LC Bank, certain conduit purchasers, committed purchasers, LC participants and purchaser agents that are parties thereto from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2012) 
 10.29 Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2015, among Lyondell Chemical Company, as servicer, LYB Receivables LLC, as seller, the conduit purchasers, related committed purchasers, LC participants and purchaser agents party thereto, the other parties thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrator and LC Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2015) 
 10.30 Third Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated July 24, 2018, among Lyondell Chemical Company, as servicer, LYB Receivables LLC, as seller, the conduit purchasers, related committed purchasers, LC participants and purchaser agents party thereto, the other parties thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrator and LC Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27, 2018) 
 10.31 Fourth Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2021, among Lyondell Chemical Company, as servicer, LYB Receivables LLC, as seller, the conduit purchasers, related committed purchasers, LC participants and purchaser agents party thereto, the other parties thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrator and LC Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2021) 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.32 Acknowledgement of Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated April 14, 2020, among Lyondell Chemical Company, as servicer, LYB Receivables LLC, as seller, the conduit purchasers, related committed purchasers, LC participants and purchaser agents party thereto, the other parties thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrator and LC Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2020) 
 10.33 Acknowledgement of Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, among Lyondell Chemical Company, as servicer, LYB Receivables LLC, as seller, the conduit purchasers, related committed purchasers, LC participants and purchaser agents party thereto, the other parties thereto and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Administrator and LC Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020) 
 10.34 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 11, 2012, by and among Lyondell Chemical Company, Equistar Chemicals, LP and LyondellBasell Acetyls, LLC, the other originators from time to time parties thereto, Lyondell Chemical Company, as initial servicer and LYB Receivables LLC, as buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2012) 
 21 List of subsidiaries of the registrant 
 23 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. Filed herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. Date: February 23, 2023 /s/Peter Vanacker Name: Peter Vanacker Title: Chief Executive Officer 

138 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ PETER VANACKER Chief Executive Officer and Director February 23, 2023 Peter Vanacker Principal Executive Officer 
 /s/ MICHAEL C. MCMURRAY Executive Vice President and February 23, 2023 Michael C. McMurray Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 
 /s/ CHUKWUEMEKA A. OYOLU Senior Vice President, February 23, 2023 Chukwuemeka A. Oyolu Chief Accounting Officer Investor Relations Principal Accounting Officer 
 /s/ JACQUES AIGRAIN Chair of the Board February 23, 2023 Jacques Aigrain and Director /s/ LINCOLN BENET Director February 23, 2023 Lincoln Benet /s/ JAGJEET S. BINDRA Director February 23, 2023 Jagjeet S. Bindra /s/ ROBIN W.T. BUCHANAN Director February 23, 2023 Robin W.T. Buchanan /s/ ANTHONY R. CHASE Director February 23, 2023 Anthony R. Chase /s/ NANCE K. DICCIANI Director February 23, 2023 Nance K. Dicciani /s/ ROBERT W. DUDLEY Director February 23, 2023 Robert W. Dudley /s/ CLAIRE S. FARLEY Director February 23, 2023 Claire S. Farley /s/ MICHAEL S. HANLEY Director February 23, 2023 Michael S. Hanley /s/ VIRGINIA A. KAMSKY Director February 23, 2023 Virginia A. Kamsky /s/ ALBERT J. MANIFOLD Director February 23, 2023 Albert J. Manifold 
 139 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 a2022q4exhibit109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 Exhibit 10.9 

 November 8, 2022 
 Personal & Confidential 
 James David Guilfoyle 
 Houston, TX 
 
 Dear Jim, 
 Your International Assignment 
 Current Location LyondellBasell Tower (LBT), Houston, Texas, U.S.A. (the home location 
 Assignment location LyondellBasell Rotterdam (LBR), The Netherlands (the host location 
 Planned assignment period Thirty-six (36) months (the Term estimated to begin January 1, 2023 (the Start Date and end December 31, 2025 (subject to the pre-conditions below) 
 Assignment Status Accompanied spouse 
 Further to recent discussions, this letter confirms the terms of your assignment by Lyondell Chemical Overseas Services, Inc. (the Company to perform duties for the benefit of its affiliate LyondellBasell Industries Holding B.V. (the Host Group Member at the host location. The assignment is subject to you 
 a. obtaining all necessary passport and immigration documents to enable you to live and work in the host location and 
 b. remaining employed by the Company or another Group Member (as defined below), your performance remaining satisfactory and you not being subject to any disciplinary action. 
 Because your spouse will accompany you to the host location, she must obtain the necessary passport and immigration documents prior to the move to enable her to reside in the host location. 
 Neither the Company nor any of its parents, subsidiaries and affiliated companies within the LyondellBasell Industries N.V. group of companies (collectively the Group and with respect to each company a Group Member has any obligations under this letter or in relation to your assignment until these conditions are met and you commence your assignment. 
 Your position for your assignment is Senior Vice President, O&P EAMEI (Europe, Africa, Middle East, and India). You will report to Ken Lane, Executive Vice President, O&P, or such other person or position as may be directed by the Company from time to time. You will work at the LyondellBasell Rotterdam office. You may be called upon to undertake business travel during the assignment pursuant to LyondellBasell s business needs. 
 Page 1 of 5 

Assignment Benefits and Allowances 
 You will be entitled to the assignment benefits and allowances set out in the LyondellBasell Expatriate Long-Term International Assignment Procedure (as amended by the Company or for the Group from time to time) (the Procedure ). A copy of the current Procedure is set out at Appendix C to this letter. All benefits and allowances (and the Procedure itself) are subject to change at any time by the Company (and by or for the Group) in their respective sole discretion. 
 Compensation Remuneration 
 Accompanying this letter as Appendix B is a document setting out the complete compensation package for your assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, your salary will be 793,100 USD gross per annum and deemed to include the holiday allowance that you might be entitled to by virtue of the fact that you are working in the host location. Per the Procedure, your compensation package is updated each April. 
 Your entitlement to incentive pay, if any, will be determined in accordance with the terms and conditions applying from time to time in the home location. 
 As outlined below, you will continue to be eligible for severance benefits, subject always to the remaining terms of this letter, and by signing this letter, you agree that neither your international assignment nor your appointment as Senior Vice President, O&P EAMEI triggers such severance benefits. 
 You will continue to participate in the home location s social security system where possible. In the event that this is not, or ceases to be possible, where practical and subject to local law requirements, you will be enrolled in the host country scheme. Subject to local law requirements in the host location, the Company will maintain your participation in the home location Company pension scheme. 
 Annual Paid Leave Vacation 
 Your current annual paid leave vacation entitlement will not be varied and will continue to be based on the home country leave entitlement procedure policy. You will be entitled to the public holidays observed in the host location in addition to your ordinary leave entitlement. 
 Further, if you would have been entitled to more paid holidays in your home location, you will be provided the difference as floating holidays to be taken within the calendar year. You will be notified annually if you are eligible for additional floating holidays. 
 You will not be entitled to the host location work-time reduction days for the period of your assignment. 
 Page 2 of 5 

Taxation Matters 
 Your remuneration will be tax normalized in accordance with the Procedure. Some of the terms and conditions applying to this tax normalization are set out in Appendix A. 
 Insurance Cover for Family Members and Other Dependents 
 The Company will not accept responsibility for the provision of any form of general liability coverage relating to the death or disability of partners, spouses, children, other family members or dependents of employees, outside of our standard medical insurance. 
 Termination 
 The Company cannot guarantee the length of any assignment. The Company may end your assignment at any time during the Term. This does not impact either the Company s or your rights to terminate your employment, which may be terminated in accordance with the requirements of home country law. Your employment relationship with the Company will remain at-will during your assignment, meaning that your employment with the Company can be terminated by you or the Company at any time, without notice, for any reason or no reason. Termination of your employment automatically terminates your assignment. 
 While you will not be eligible for benefits under the LyondellBasell Executive Severance Plan (the Severance Plan when based outside of the United States, in the event that your employment is terminated during the assignment period by you for Good Reason (as defined in the Severance Plan) or by Lyondell Chemical Overseas Services, Inc. for reasons other than Cause (as defined in the Severance Plan), your death or your Disability (as defined in the Severance Plan), you will be entitled to payment of a cash benefit in an amount equal to the payment set forth under Section 4(a) of the Severance Plan less the amount of any statutory severance or redundancy payments as well as the amount of your continued pay during any period of garden leave and any relevant mandatory deduction. Such severance benefit is subject to your execution of a customary release of claims and will be paid within 60 days after the date of your termination of employment. 
 General Conditions 
 The Company retains the discretion to modify the terms and conditions of your assignment at any time. Your assignment is subject to the terms of the Procedure and the documents referred to in it, each as modified by this letter and as amended by the Company or for the Group from time to time. The Company s policy and procedures established in the home location will continue to apply during your assignment, except as otherwise required by the laws of host location. You are expected to comply with the applicable policies of the Group Member in the host location at which you work, and all other local rules and regulations, in relation to your conduct at work during your assignment. Save as modified by the terms of your assignment, your terms and conditions of employment with the Company remain unchanged. 
 Page 3 of 5 

You will not, except as set out in this letter or the Procedure, be entitled to any benefits, compensation or entitlements offered in the host location. To the extent that as a matter of law you become entitled to any locally required benefits, compensation or entitlements offered in the host location, you acknowledge and agree that the compensation and benefits provided in connection with your assignment satisfy these locally required benefits, compensation and entitlements. Your assignment is governed by, and any disputes about your assignment or its terms are to be determined in accordance with, the laws of the home location. 
 I would like to take this opportunity to wish you every success for your assignment. 
 
 Yours sincerely, 
 
 s Holly Beer November 9, 2022 HR Director Date s Dale Friedrichs 
 November 9, 2022 SVP- Chief Human Resources Officer Date 
 
 Acceptance 
 I have read and understood the terms and conditions in this letter and hereby agree to and accept this assignment on the terms and conditions as outlined above and in the Procedure. I confirm that I had a discussion meeting with a member of the Global Mobility Team during which the expatriate policy was explained and my questions were answered. 
 s James D. Guilfoyle 
 November 8, 2022 Signature James D. Guilfoyle 
 Date 
 
 Page 4 of 5 

APPENDIX A CERTAIN DEDUCTION AND REPAYMENT OBLIGATIONS 
 In consideration of the benefits and allowances to be provided to me in connection with my assignment, I voluntarily acknowledge and agree that 
 any tax normalization arrangements implemented by the Company (as defined in the assignment letter to which this forms Appendix A) in connection with my assignment provide a significant benefit to me. I understand that the withholding of hypothetical tax and payment of actual tax by the Company on my behalf during my assignment are an integral part of the tax normalization arrangement. I authorize the Company to withhold from payment by it to me (including my wages) from time to time, to the extent permitted by law, the amount of hypothetical tax calculated by the Company in accordance with its tax normalization arrangements 
 the Company s tax normalization arrangements include a reconciliation of my and the Company s respective responsibilities and liabilities to the other under the Company s tax normalization arrangements. I promise to pay the Company, within 30 days of a request to do so, any amount determined as a result of such reconciliation to be owed by me. Further, I authorize the Company, at its election, to withhold from any payment by it to me (including my wages) from time to time, to the extent permitted by law, any such amount owed by me 
 if there are circumstances which prevent me from paying my tax advances within 30 days after a request to do so (e.g., as a result of refunds received late from the taxing authority) I will notify the Company in writing describing the circumstances. I understand that merely providing such notice will not release me in any way from my obligation to the Company but that the Company reserves the sole right to offer me an adjusted repayment schedule based upon the reasons set out in my written notice and 
 if I fail to comply with the responsibility to provide the relevant tax consultants with complete information soon after the close of the relevant financial year to ensure that the required home and host country income tax returns are prepared and filed on a timely basis to avoid the imposition of penalties or interest, I will be fully responsible for any and all penalties and interest assessed. 
 These procedures are effective from the date of my international assignment and will continue through my repatriation and beyond as necessary for assignment-related income. 

s James D. Guilfoyle November 8, 2022 Signature James D. Guilfoyle 
 Date 

Page 5 of 5 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.22>
 3
 a2022q4exhibit1022.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 Exhibit 10.22 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 By letter (the Grant Letter ), effective as of the date specified in the Grant Letter (the Grant Date ), LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (the Company ), pursuant to the LyondellBasell Industries Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 28, 2021 (the Plan ), has granted to the Participant the number of units of Common Stock (as defined in the Plan) specified in the Grant Letter subject to transfer and forfeiture restrictions Restricted Stock Units ). These grants are all subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan, and the following terms and conditions (the Award Agreement 
 1. Relationship to Plan and Company Agreements. 
 This Restricted Stock Unit grant is subject to all Plan terms, conditions, provisions and administrative interpretations, if any, adopted by the Committee. Except as defined in this Award Agreement, capitalized terms have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. To the extent that this Award Agreement is intended to satisfy the Company s obligations under any employment agreement between the Company and the Participant, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that this Award Agreement fulfills the Company s obligations under the employment agreement, this Award Agreement shall be interpreted and construed to the fullest extent possible consistent with such employment agreement, and in the event of a conflict between the terms of such employment agreement and the terms of this Award Agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement shall control. 
 2. Restriction Period and Vesting Schedule. 
 (a) The Restriction Period applicable to the Restricted Stock Units shall lapse and Restricted Stock Units shall fully vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date. The Participant must be in continuous employment from the Grant Date through the third anniversary of the Grant Date to vest in Restricted Stock Units on that date. 
 (b) If the Participant has been in continuous employment since the Grant Date, the Restriction Period shall lapse and the Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested, irrespective of the limits in subparagraph (a), upon (1) an involuntary termination of employment by the Company without Cause or a constructive termination of employment by the Participant with good reason as defined in Section 10 of the Plan, either of which occurs within one year after the occurrence of a Change of Control or (2) any termination of employment due to death or Disability. 
 (c) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), the Restriction Period shall lapse and the Restricted Stock Units shall fully vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date if Participant terminates employment due to Enhanced Retirement. 
 (d) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), provided that the Participant has been in continuous employment since the Grant Date, upon termination of employment due to Retirement or involuntary termination not for Cause, the Restriction Period shall lapse with respect to a pro rata portion of the Restricted Stock Units which shall be determined by multiplying the full number of Restricted Stock Units otherwise payable under this Award Agreement by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months (with any partial months being considered a full month) of the Participant s employment during the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the third anniversary of the Grant Date and the denominator of which is the number of months in such period. Remaining Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited. If the Participant is eligible for Enhanced Retirement, this paragraph (d) shall not apply and paragraph (c) shall control. 
 
 1 

(e) The following definitions apply to this Award Agreement 
 (i) Disability means (i) a permanent and total disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan in which the Participant is eligible to participate and (ii) the Participant is not eligible for Retirement. 
 (ii) Enhanced Retirement means a Participant s termination of service, other than termination of service for Cause, on or after age 60 with 10 years of service with the Company and or an Affiliate. 
 (iii) Misconduct means any act or failure to act that (i) contributes to the Company having to restate all or a portion of its financial statements and materially increases the value of the compensation received by the Participant and or (ii) caused or was intended to cause a violation of the policies of the Company or Affiliate. 
 (iv) Retirement means a Participant s termination of service, other than termination of service for Cause, on or after the earliest of (i) age 55 with 10 years of service with the Company and or an Affiliate, (ii) the time of retirement as defined in a written agreement between a Participant and a Participating Employer, or (iii) outside the U.S., the time when retirement is permitted and the Participant is eligible to receive a company retirement benefit under applicable law with respect to the Participant s primary place of employment. 
 3. Terms and Conditions. 
 Each Restricted Stock Unit shall be subject to the restrictions below and a substantial risk of forfeiture during the Restriction Period. A Participant shall not be entitled to any payment under Section 5 until the Restriction Period for affected Restricted Stock Units lapses. No rights related to a Restricted Stock Unit may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the Restriction Period. Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited on the date the Participant s employment terminates except as otherwise provided in Section 2 hereof. 
 4. Registration of Units. 
 The Participant s right to receive Common Stock in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by book entry (or by such other manner as the Committee may determine) 
 5. Settlement. 
 Subject to Section 14 hereof, when the Restriction Period lapses and Restricted Stock Units vest under Section 2, a Participant shall become entitled to receive, within 60 days of the date the Restricted Stock Units vested, the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Restricted Stock Units which have vested on the particular vesting date. Any shares of Common Stock paid under this Award shall remain subject to the clawback provisions as set forth in Section 14. 
 To the extent that the shares of Common Stock that a Participant is entitled to receive in accordance with Section 5 are delivered to such Participant by means of the issuance of new shares of Common Stock, the RSU Award shall also include the grant of the euro par value cash amount required to satisfy the obligation of the Participant to pay-up such newly issued shares of Common Stock resulting from the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units from the Company, such cash entitlement to be set-off against the payment obligation for the shares of Common Stock. 
 
 2 

6. Dividend Equivalents. 
 The Company will pay Dividend Equivalents for each outstanding Restricted Stock Unit as soon as administratively practicable after dividends, if any, are paid on the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock provided, however, that such payment shall be made no later than March 15th following the year in which the dividends are paid. 
 7. Withholding. 
 The Company shall withhold from any distribution under this Award shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to all taxes required to be withheld with respect to the Award. In the event all federal, state and other governmental withholding tax requirements imposed upon the Company with respect to the Award cannot be satisfied in this manner, no shares of Common Stock shall be delivered to or for a Participant unless provision to pay required withholding has been made to the Committee s satisfaction. 
 8. Expatriate Participants. 
 Payments of Awards made to expatriate Participants will be, pursuant to the applicable expatriate assignment policy of the Participating Employer, tax normalized based on typical income taxes and social security taxes in the expatriate Participant s home country relevant to the expatriate Participant s domestic circumstances. 
 9. No Fractional Shares. 
 No fractional shares of Common Stock are permitted in connection with this Award Agreement. For purposes of pro-ration in Section 2(d), Restricted Stock Units shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share of Common Stock. Any shares of Common Stock withheld pursuant to Section 7 shall be rounded to whole shares in the manner determined by the Committee to be appropriate to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding requirements. 
 10. Successors and Assigns. 
 This Award Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Participant, the Company and their respective permitted successors and assigns (including personal representatives, heirs and legatees), but the Participant may not assign any rights or obligations under this Award Agreement except to the extent and in the manner expressly permitted. 
 11. No Guaranteed Employment. 
 No provision of this Award Agreement shall confer any right to continued employment. 
 12. Section 409A. 
 It is intended that the provisions of this Award Agreement satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the accompanying U.S. Treasury Regulations and pronouncements thereunder, and that the Award Agreement be operated in a manner consistent with such requirements to the extent applicable. 
 For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, (a) if the Participant is Retirement Eligible, the time of settlement in Section 5 hereof constitutes a specified date within the meaning of Section 1.409A-3(a)(4) of the Treasury Regulations and is within the 90-day period described in Section 1.409A-3(b) of the Treasury Regulations and (b) if the Participant is not Retirement Eligible, the time of settlement in Section 5 hereof is within the short-term deferral period described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations. For purposes of this Section 12, Retirement Eligible means that the Participant will be eligible to terminate employment by reason of Retirement or Enhanced Retirement, prior to the date such Retirement or Enhanced Retirement would qualify for short-term deferral treatment under Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 3 

If the Company is publicly-traded and the Participant is identified by the Company as a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code on the date on which the Participant has a separation from service (other than due to death) within the meaning of Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury Regulations, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5 hereof, any transfer of shares payable on account of a separation from service that are deferred compensation shall take place on the earlier of (i) the first business day following the expiration of six months from the Participant s separation from service, (ii) the date of the Participant s death, or (iii) such earlier date as complies with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 13. Restrictive Covenants . 
 (a) This Section 13 shall apply only if the Participant is eligible for Enhanced Retirement and the Restriction Period lapses under Section 2(c), or if the Participant is eligible for Retirement and the Restriction Period lapses under Section 2(d). 
 (b) Acknowledgment of Access to Confidential Information and Trade Secrets . Participant agrees and acknowledges that during employment with the Company, Participant will be provided with, develop, and will use confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets of the Company. The confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets include, but are not limited to, the Company s business strategies, non-public financial information, identities of clients and suppliers, pricing and margin information, and any other information that Participant receives as a result of employment with the Company and that provides the Company with an economic benefit from being confidential, whether in written, tangible, electronic or any other form or media (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information does not apply to such information which is known to the public so long as such knowledge does not result from a breach of any provision of this Award Agreement by Participant. 
 (c) Protection of Company Confidential Information and Trade Secrets . Except as expressly authorized by the Company or in order to carry out the duties and responsibilities as an employee for the Company, Participant will not disclose, directly or indirectly, in any way to anyone the Company s Confidential Information or improperly make use of Confidential Information both during employment with the Company and at any time after employment with the Company terminates. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. USC 1833(b), and as set forth fully therein, notice is hereby given that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 (d) Non-Competition . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not (i) perform any duties or responsibilities which are similar to those Participant performed on behalf of the Company in the twenty-four (24) months prior to termination of employment for any person or entity who offers services or products, or both, competitive to those offered by the Company at the time of termination of employment, or (ii) perform any duties or responsibilities for any person or entity whereby Participant uses (or may use) Confidential Information of the Company. This restriction shall apply in any geographic area in which the Company does business as of the date of termination of employment. 
 
 4 

(e) Non-Interference of Company Relationships . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, influence, induce, solicit or otherwise take action intended to disrupt, limit or interfere with any customer, supplier, or vendor relationship which Participant had responsibility for or learned Confidential Information about in the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of employment. 
 (f) Non-Solicitation of Employees . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, influence, induce, solicit or otherwise take action intended to disrupt, limit or interfere with the relationship of the Company and any employee with whom Participant interacted or knew about through employment at the Company in the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of employment. 
 (g) Non-Disparagement . Participant agrees that Participant shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct, or make any statement or representation, either oral or written, that disparages, impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation, goodwill or interests of the Company, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, representatives, and or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations, negative reports or comments). Nor shall Participant direct, arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on Participant's behalf. Nothing in this paragraph, however, shall prevent Participant from providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency, or judicial, arbitral or self-regulatory forum, or as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (h) Cooperation . Participant agrees to cooperate with the Company by making Participant reasonably available to testify on behalf of the Company in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, and to assist the Company in any such action, suit, or proceeding, by providing information and meeting and consulting with the Company and its employees, representatives and counsel. 
 (i) Irreparable Harm . Participant acknowledges that the Company has a legitimate need to protect itself from improper or unfair competition and to protect its Confidential Information, as well as the Company s relationships with its business partners and employees, and that the restrictions contained in this Award Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s operations, legitimate competitive interests, and Confidential Information. Participant also recognizes the highly competitive nature of the Company s business and that irreparable harm would be caused by Participant s violation of the restrictions contained herein. 
 (j) Remedies . Participant agrees that the Company s remedies at law for any violation of this Agreement are inadequate and that the Company has the right to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies available to it. Therefore, if Participant breaches or threatens to breach this Agreement, the Company is entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedies, including but not limited to monetary damages, without the posting of a bond. Participant further agrees to pay any and all legal fees, including without limitation, all attorneys fees, court costs, and any other related fees and or costs incurred by the Company in enforcing this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees that a court may extend the duration of the restrictions in Section 13 of this Award Agreement equal to any period of time in which Participant is in violation of this Award Agreement. 
 
 5 

14. Clawback. 
 (a) If (i) the Committee determines that the Participant has either engaged in, or benefitted from, Misconduct and (ii) the Participant is classified at a level of M-4 or above in the LyondellBasell Group compensation classification system at the time of such determination, upon notice from the Company, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of any amounts (whether in cash or shares) received under this Award Agreement (or forfeit all or any portion of this Award to the extent it has not yet been received) as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. Such notice shall be provided within the earlier to occur of one year after discovery of the alleged Misconduct or the second anniversary of the Participant s date of termination. 
 (b) If the Committee determines that the Participant has violated any of the obligations set forth in Section 13 of this Agreement, upon notice from the Company, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of any amounts (whether in cash or shares) received under this Award Agreement (or forfeit all or any portion of this Award to the extent it has not yet been received) as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. Such notice shall be provided within the earlier to occur of one year after discovery of the alleged violation or the second anniversary of the Participant s Date of Termination. 
 (c) To the extent required by (i) applicable law, including, without limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards (ii) any policy that may be adopted by the Board or (iii) the provisions of any agreement executed by the Participant, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of the payments received under this Award Agreement (or an amount equal thereto), to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), policy, and or agreement, or as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances, which clawback may include forfeiture and or recoupment of such amounts or benefits. 
 15. Choice of Law. 
 This Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to conflict of laws principles. 
 16. Jurisdiction and Forum . 
 Any action arising out of this Award Agreement or the relationship between the parties established herein shall be brought only in the state or federal courts of the State of Texas, and Participant hereby consents to and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
 17. Savings Clause. 
 It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Company and Participant consider the restrictions contained in Section 13 of this Award Agreement to be reasonable for the purpose of preserving the Company s Confidential Information, as well as the Company s relationships with its business partners and employees, if any restrictive covenant set forth in Section 13 is found by any court having jurisdiction to be invalid or unreasonable, the restrictive covenant shall be limited and reduced so as to contain the maximum restrictions permitted by applicable law. The restrictive covenants set forth in Section 13 shall be interpreted consistent with, and limited to the extent necessary to comply with, applicable rules of professional conduct. All remaining provisions of this Award Agreement, and or portions thereof, shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 6 

18. Waiver. 
 The Company s failure to enforce any provision(s) of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision(s), or prevent the Company thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 ______________________________________ 
 Note For Mr. Rhenman, our Executive Vice President, Advanced Polymers Solutions, and Refining, Retirement also includes termination of service on or after age 65. For our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vanacker, Retirement includes termination of service on or after age 55 with 7 years of service per the terms of his offer letter. 

7 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.23>
 4
 a2022q4exhibit1023.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 
 Exhibit 10.23 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 By letter (the Grant Letter ), effective as of the date specified in the Grant Letter (the Grant Date ), LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (the Company ), pursuant to the LyondellBasell Industries Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 28, 2021 (the Plan ), has granted to the Participant a number of Stock Units (as defined in the Plan) equal to the Target multiplied by the Earned Percentage certified for the Performance Cycle, subject to the vesting provisions specified herein (the PSU Award ). The applicable Target and Performance Cycle are set forth in the Grant Letter. The Earned Percentage shall be determined after the Performance Cycle based on the Performance Goals specified in the Grant Letter. This PSU Award is subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan, and the following terms and conditions (the Award Agreement 
 1. Relationship to Plan and Company Agreements. 
 This PSU Award is a Performance Award under the Plan and is subject to all applicable Plan terms, conditions, provisions and administrative interpretations, if any, adopted by the Committee. Except as defined in this Award Agreement, capitalized terms have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. This Award Agreement is intended to satisfy any obligation of the Company to provide a performance share unit award to the Participant under any employment agreement between the Company and the Participant or otherwise, and the Participant agrees and acknowledges that this Award Agreement fulfills the Company s obligations under the employment agreement, this Award Agreement shall be interpreted and construed to the fullest extent possible consistent with such employment agreement, and in the event of a conflict between the terms of such employment agreement and the terms of this Award Agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement shall control. 
 2. Definitions. 
 The following definitions apply to this Award Agreement 
 (a) Date of Termination means the date on which the Participant ceases to be an Employee. 
 (b) Disability means a permanent and total disability as defined in the applicable long-term disability plan of the Participating Employer. Disabled has the correlative meaning. 
 (c) Earned Percentage means the percentage of the Target that is earned during the Performance Cycle. The Earned Percentage is multiplied by the Target to determine the number of Stock Units granted under this PSU Award. The Earned Percentage shall be determined in accordance with the following 
 (i) Following the close of the Performance Cycle, the Committee shall determine and certify the Earned Percentage for the Performance Cycle. 
 (ii) The Earned Percentage shall not exceed 200 percent. 
 (iii) In the event any action or failure to act by the Participant constitutes Cause, the Committee may reduce the Participant s Earned Percentage to the extent the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. 
 (iv) In the event of a Change of Control, the Earned Percentage shall be calculated by reference to the attainment of Performance Goals as of the close of the last quarter ending on or before the Change of Control. 
 (d) Enhanced Retirement means the Participant s termination of service, other than termination of service for Cause, on or after age 60 with 10 years of service with the Company and or an Affiliate. 
 
 1 

(e) Misconduct means any act or failure to act that (i) contributes to the Company having to restate all or a portion of its financial statements and materially increases the value of the compensation received by the Participant and or (ii) caused or was intended to cause a violation of the policies of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 (f) Performance Cycle means the three-calendar-year period set forth in the Grant Letter. 
 (g) Performance Goals means the performance goal or goals as set forth in the Grant Letter. 
 (h) Retirement means the Participant s termination of service, other than termination of service for Cause, on or after the earliest of (i) age 55 with 10 years of service with the Company and or an Affiliate, (ii) the time of retirement as defined in a written agreement between a Participant and a Participating Employer, or (iii) outside the U.S., the time when retirement is permitted and the Participant is eligible to receive a company retirement benefit under applicable law with respect to the Participant s primary place of employment. 
 (i) Target means the projected target number of Stock Units, as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Grant Letter, that may be payable to the Participant in satisfaction of this Award Agreement if the Committee determines that all Performance Goals for the Performance Cycle have been achieved and certifies an Earned Percentage of 100 . 
 3. Vesting Schedule. 
 (a) The PSU Award shall fully vest upon the date following the end of the Performance Cycle upon which the Committee certifies the Earned Percentage applicable to the Performance Cycle Vesting Date ), provided that the Participant is in continuous employment with a Participating Employer from the Grant Date through the Vesting Date. Except as provided below, the PSU Award shall be forfeited if the Participant terminates employment prior to the Vesting Date. 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), Participant shall become vested in the PSU Award upon the Vesting Date, provided that Participant terminates employment prior to the Vesting Date due to an Enhanced Retirement. 
 (c) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), the Participant shall become vested in a pro-rated portion of the PSU Award upon the earliest of (i) the date the Participant becomes Disabled while employed by a Participating Employer or (ii) the Participant s Date of Termination due to Retirement, death or involuntary termination not for Cause. The portion of the PSU Award that shall vest under this paragraph shall be determined by multiplying the number of Stock Units granted under the PSU Award (which is equal to product of the Target and the Earned Percentage for the Performance Cycle) by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of whole calendar months of the Participant s employment in such Performance Cycle ending on the earliest of the date of Disability or Date of Termination, as applicable, and the denominator of which shall be the number of whole calendar months in the Performance Cycle provided that for purposes of this Section 3(c), partial service in a calendar month shall be considered service for the whole calendar month. If the Participant is eligible for Enhanced Retirement, this paragraph (c) shall not apply and paragraph (b) shall control. 
 
 2 

(d) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), upon a Change of Control, the Earned Percentage shall be calculated by reference to the attainment of Performance Goals as of the close of the last quarter ending on or before the Change of Control in accordance with Section 2(c)(iv). Following the Change of Control, the Participant shall fully vest in the PSU Award on the last day of the Performance Cycle, if the Participant is in continuous employment with a Participating Employer from the Grant Date through such date or the Participant s Date of Termination prior to such date was due to an Enhanced Retirement and shall forfeit the PSU Award if the Participant terminates prior to vesting and without qualifying for an Enhanced Retirement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant shall become vested in a pro-rated portion of the PSU Award upon the earlier to occur of (i) a vesting event under Section 3(c) or (ii) an involuntary termination of employment of the Participant within one year following the Change of Control for any reason other than Cause (including a constructive termination of employment for good reason (as defined in Section 10 of the Plan)). The portion that shall vest shall be determined by multiplying the number of Stock Units granted under the PSU Award (which is equal to product of the Target and the Earned Percentage determined at the time of the Change of Control) by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of whole calendar months of the Participant s employment in such Performance Cycle ending on the earliest vesting event and the denominator of which shall be the number of whole calendar months in the Performance Cycle. For this purpose, partial service in a calendar month shall be considered service for the whole calendar month. 
 (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a Participant (1) takes a leave of absence from the Company for personal reasons or as a result of entry into the Armed Forces of the United States, or (2) terminates employment for reasons which, in the judgment of the Committee, are deemed to be special circumstances, the Committee may consider such circumstances and may take such action (to the extent consistent with Section 409A of the Code) as it may deem appropriate under the circumstances, including extending the rights of a Participant to continue participation in the Plan beyond his Date of Termination provided, however, that in no event may participation be extended beyond the term of the Performance Cycle in question. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the entity that is deemed to be the plan sponsor with respect to this PSU Award is or becomes a nonqualified entity (within the meaning of Section 457A(b) of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder), the provisions of Sections 3(b), 3(c), 3(d) and 3(e) shall not apply with respect to any Participant who is a U.S. taxpayer if and to the extent such provisions would cause any amounts payable hereunder to be subject to Section 457A of the Code. 
 (g) For all purposes of this PSU Award, involuntary termination not for Cause does not include the Participant s voluntary termination of employment pursuant to a voluntary separation plan of a Participating Employer. 
 4. Terms and Conditions . 
 The Participant shall not be entitled to any payment under Section 6 until the PSU Award vests under Section 3. No rights related to the PSU Award may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of prior to the vesting of the PSU Award. The PSU Award shall be forfeited on the date the Participant s employment terminates except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement. 
 5. Registration of Units. 
 The Participant s right to receive Common Stock in settlement of the PSU Award shall be evidenced by book entry (or by such other manner as the Committee may determine). 
 
 3 

6. Settlement. 
 When the PSU Award, or a portion thereof, vests under Section 3, the Participant shall become entitled to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Stock Units granted under the PSU Award that have vested. Subject to Section 13 hereof, such shares of Common Stock shall be paid in a single lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the end of the Performance Cycle provided, however, that in the event a pro-rata portion of the PSU Award vests upon an involuntary termination of employment of the Participant within one year following a Change of Control pursuant to Section 3(d), the shares of Common Stock shall be paid in a single lump sum payment within sixty (60) days after the Participant s termination of employment. Any shares of Common Stock paid under this PSU Award shall remain subject to the clawback provisions as set forth in Section 15. 
 To the extent that the shares of Common Stock that a Participant is entitled to receive in accordance with Section 3 are delivered to such Participant by means of the issuance of new shares of Common Stock, the PSU Award shall also include the grant of the euro par value cash amount required to satisfy the obligation of the Participant to pay-up such newly issued shares of Common Stock resulting from the vesting of the PSU Award from the Company, such cash entitlement to be set-off against the payment obligation for the shares of Common Stock. 
 7. Dividend Equivalents. 
 If, prior to the date shares of Common Stock are settled on the Participant in accordance with Section 6, the Company declares a dividend on shares of Common Stock, then the Participant s Target shall be increased by the amount of the dividend the Participant would have received if he had been the actual owner on the dividend date of one share of Common Stock for each Stock Unit of the Participant s Target. The increase in the Target shall be calculated as follows 
 (a) In the event of a stock dividend, the Target shall be increased by one Stock Unit for each share of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole share) the Participant would have received under the dividend. 
 (b) In the event of a cash dividend, after the Performance Cycle the Target shall be increased by the number of Stock Units determined by dividing the value of all cash dividends the Participant would have received during the Performance Cycle by the fair market value of one share of Common Stock as of the last day of the Performance Cycle (rounded to the nearest whole share). 
 Any increase in the Target granted under this Section 7 shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the original Target and shall vest and be forfeited (if applicable) at the same time as the original Target. 
 8. Withholding. 
 The Company shall withhold from the PSU Award shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to all taxes required to be withheld with respect to the award of the PSU Award. In the event all federal, state and other governmental withholding tax requirements imposed upon the Company with respect to the PSU Award cannot be satisfied in this manner, no shares of Common Stock shall be delivered to or for a Participant unless provision to pay required withholding has been made to the Committee s satisfaction. 
 9. Expatriate Participants. 
 Payments of Awards made to expatriate Participants will be, pursuant to the applicable expatriate assignment policy of the Participating Employer, tax normalized based on typical income taxes and social security taxes in the expatriate Participant s home country relevant to the expatriate Participant s domestic circumstances. 
 
 4 

10. No Fractional Shares. 
 No fractional shares of Common Stock are permitted in connection with this Award Agreement. Any fractional number of Stock Units payable under the PSU Award shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share of Common Stock. Any shares of Common Stock withheld pursuant to Section 8 shall be rounded to whole shares in the manner determined by the Committee to be appropriate to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding requirements. 
 11. Successors and Assigns. 
 This Award Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Participant, the Company and their respective permitted successors and assigns (including personal representatives, heirs and legatees), but the Participant may not assign any rights or obligations under this Award Agreement except to the extent and in the manner expressly permitted. 
 12. No Guaranteed Employment. 
 No provision of this Award Agreement shall confer any right to continued employment. 
 13. Section 409A. 
 It is intended that the provisions of this Award Agreement satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the accompanying U.S. Treasury Regulations and pronouncements thereunder, and that the Award Agreement be operated in a manner consistent with such requirements to the extent applicable. 
 For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, (i) if the Participant vested pursuant to Section 3(b), 3(c) or 3(d), other than under clause (ii) of Section 3(d), the time of settlement under Section 6 constitutes a specified time within the meaning of Section 1.409A-3(a)(4) of the Treasury Regulations and (ii) if the Participant vested pursuant to Section 3(a) or 3(d)(ii), the time of settlement under Section 6 is within the short-term deferral period described in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 If the Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and is treated as a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A as of the date of the Participant s termination, then any transfer of shares payable upon the Participant s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A which are subject to the provisions of Section 409A and are not otherwise excluded under Section 409A and would otherwise be payable during the first six-month period following such separation from service shall be paid on the fifteenth business day next following the earlier of (1) the expiration of six months from the date of the Participant s termination or (2) the Participant s death. 
 14. Restrictive Covenants. 
 (a) This Section 14 shall apply if the Participant is eligible for Enhanced Retirement and the PSU Award vests under Section 3(b), or if the Participant is eligible for Retirement and the PSU Award vests under Section 3(c). 
 
 5 

(b) Acknowledgment of Access to Confidential Information and Trade Secrets . Participant agrees and acknowledges that during employment with the Company, Participant will be provided with, develop, and will use confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets of the Company. The confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets include, but are not limited to, the Company s business strategies, non-public financial information, identities of clients and suppliers, pricing and margin information, and any other information that Participant receives as a result of employment with the Company and that provides the Company with an economic benefit from being confidential, whether in written, tangible, electronic or any other form or media (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information does not apply to such information which is known to the public so long as such knowledge does not result from a breach of any provision of this Award Agreement by Participant. 
 (c) Protection of Company Confidential Information and Trade Secrets . Except as expressly authorized by the Company or in order to carry out the duties and responsibilities as an employee for the Company, Participant will not disclose, directly or indirectly, in any way to anyone the Company s Confidential Information or improperly make use of Confidential Information both during employment with the Company and at any time after employment with the Company terminates. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. USC 1833(b), and as set forth fully therein, notice is hereby given that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 (d) Non-Competition . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not (i) perform any duties or responsibilities which are similar to those Participant performed on behalf of the Company in the twenty-four (24) months prior to termination of employment for any person or entity who offers services or products, or both, competitive to those offered by the Company at the time of termination of employment, or (ii) perform any duties or responsibilities for any person or entity whereby Particpant uses (or may use) Confidential Information of the Company. This restriction shall apply in any geographic area in which the Company does business as of the date of termination of employment. 
 (e) Non-Interference of Company Relationships . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, influence, induce, solicit or otherwise take action intended to disrupt, limit or interfere with any customer, supplier, or vendor relationship which Participant had responsibility for or learned Confidential Information about in the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of employment. 
 (f) Non-Solicitation of Employees . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, influence, induce, solicit or otherwise take action intended to disrupt, limit or interfere with the relationship of the Company and any employee with whom Participant interacted or knew about through employment at the Company in the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of employment. 
 
 6 

(g) Non-Disparagement . Participant agrees that Participant shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct, or make any statement or representation, either oral or written, that disparages, impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation, goodwill or interests of the Company, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, representatives, and or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations, negative reports or comments). Nor shall Participant direct, arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on Participant's behalf. Nothing in this paragraph, however, shall prevent Participant from providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency, or judicial, arbitral or self-regulatory forum, or as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (h) Cooperation . Participant agrees to cooperate with the Company by making Participant reasonably available to testify on behalf of the Company in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, and to assist the Company in any such action, suit, or proceeding, by providing information and meeting and consulting with the Company and its employees, representatives and counsel. 
 (i) Irreparable Harm . Participant acknowledges that the Company has a legitimate need to protect itself from improper or unfair competition and to protect its Confidential Information, as well as the Company s relationships with its business partners and employees, and that the restrictions contained in this Award Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s operations, legitimate competitive interests, and Confidential Information. Participant also recognizes the highly competitive nature of the Company s business and that irreparable harm would be caused by Participant s violation of the restrictions contained herein. 
 (j) Remedies . Participant agrees that the Company s remedies at law for any violation of this Agreement are inadequate and that the Company has the right to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies available to it. Therefore, if Participant breaches or threatens to breach this Agreement, the Company is entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedies, including but not limited to monetary damages, without the posting of a bond. Participant further agrees to pay any and all legal fees, including without limitation, all attorneys fees, court costs, and any other related fees and or costs incurred by the Company in enforcing this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees that a court may extend the duration of the restrictions in Section 14 of this Award Agreement equal to any period of time in which Participant is in violation of this Award Agreement. 
 15. Clawback. 
 (a) If (i) the Committee determines that the Participant has either engaged in, or benefitted from, Misconduct and (ii) the Participant is classified at a level of M-4 or above in the LyondellBasell Group compensation classification system at the time of such determination, upon notice from the Company, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of any amounts (whether in cash or shares) received under this PSU Award (or forfeit all or any portion of this PSU Award to the extent it has not yet been received) as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. Such notice shall be provided within the earlier to occur of one year after discovery of the alleged Misconduct or the second anniversary of the Participant s Date of Termination. 
 (b) If the Committee determines that the Participant has violated any of the obligations set forth in Section 14 of this Award Agreement, upon notice from the Company, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of any amounts (whether in cash or shares) received under this Award Agreement (or forfeit all or any portion of this PSU Award to the extent it has not yet been received) as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. Such notice shall be provided within the earlier to occur of one year after discovery of the alleged violation or the second anniversary of the Participant s Date of Termination. 
 
 7 

(c) To the extent required by (i) applicable law, including, without limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards (ii) any policy that may be adopted by the Board or (iii) the provisions of any agreement executed by the Participant, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of the payments received under this Award Agreement (or an amount equal thereto), to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), policy, and or agreement, or as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances, which clawback may include forfeiture and or recoupment of such amounts or benefits. 
 16. Choice of Law. 
 This Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to conflict of laws principles. 
 17. Jurisdiction and Forum. 
 Any action arising out of this Award Agreement or the relationship between the parties established herein shall be brought only in the state or federal courts of the State of Texas, and Participant hereby consents to and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
 18. Savings Clause. 
 It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Company and Participant consider the restrictions contained in Section 14 of this Award Agreement to be reasonable for the purpose of preserving the Company s Confidential Information, as well as the Company s relationships with its business partners and employees, if any restrictive covenant set forth in Section 14 of this Award Agreement is found by any court having jurisdiction to be invalid or unreasonable, the restrictive covenant shall be limited and reduced so as to contain the maximum restrictions permitted by applicable law. The restrictive covenants set forth in Section 14 of this Award Agreement shall be interpreted consistent with, and limited to the extent necessary to comply with, applicable rules of professional conduct. All remaining provisions of this Award Agreement, and or portions thereof, shall remain in full force and effect. 
 19. Waiver . 
 The Company s failure to enforce any provision(s) of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision(s) or prevent the Company thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. 
 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 ______________________________________ 
 Note For Mr. Rhenman, our Executive Vice President, Advanced Polymers Solutions, and Refining, Retirement also includes termination of service on or after age 65. For our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vanacker, Retirement includes termination of service on or after age 55 with 7 years of service per the terms of his offer letter. 

8 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 5
 a2022q4exhibit1024.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 Exhibit 10.24 

 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES 
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 By letter (the Grant Letter ), effective as of the date specified in the Grant Letter (the Grant Date ), LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (the Company ), pursuant to the LyondellBasell Industries Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 28, 2021 (the Plan ), has granted to the Participant a right (the Option to purchase from the Company up to but not exceeding in the aggregate the number of shares of Common Stock (as defined in the Plan) (the Option Shares specified in the Grant Letter at the Grant Price per Option Share specified in the Grant Letter, such number of shares and such price per share being subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan, and further subject to the following terms and conditions (the Award Agreement 
 1. Relationship to Plan and Company Agreements. 
 This Option is intended to be a nonqualified stock option within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code. This Option is subject to all of the Plan terms, conditions, provisions and administrative interpretations, if any, adopted by the Committee. Except as defined in this Award Agreement, capitalized terms have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. To the extent that this Award Agreement is intended to satisfy the Company s obligations under any employment agreement between the Company and the Participant, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that this Award Agreement fulfills the Company s obligations under the employment agreement, this Award Agreement shall be interpreted and construed to the fullest extent possible consistent with such employment agreement, and in the event of a conflict between the terms of such employment agreement and the terms of this Award Agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement shall control. 
 2. Exercise Schedule. 
 (a) This Option shall become exercisable in three installments, with one-third of the Option Shares becoming exercisable on the first anniversary of the Grant Date, an additional one-third of the Option Shares becoming exercisable on the second anniversary of the Grant Date, and the final one-third of the Option Shares becoming exercisable on the third anniversary of the Grant Date. Except as provided below, the Participant must be in continuous employment from the Grant Date through the date of exercisability of each installment in order for the Option to become exercisable with respect to additional shares of Common Stock on such date. 
 (b) This Option shall become fully exercisable, irrespective of the limitations set forth in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the Participant has been in continuous employment since the Grant Date, upon (1) an involuntary termination of employment by the Company without Cause or a constructive termination of employment by the Participant with good reason as defined in Section 10 of the Plan (a Constructive Termination ), either of which occurs within one year after the occurrence of a Change of Control or (2) any termination of employment due to death or Disability. 
 (c) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), this Option shall become fully exercisable, to the extent not previously vested, in accordance with paragraph (a) if Participant terminates employment due to Enhanced Retirement. 
 
 1 

(d) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), provided that the Participant has been in continuous employment since the Grant Date, upon termination of employment due to Retirement or involuntary termination not for Cause, to the extent not previously vested pursuant to subparagraph (a) above, each third of the Option Shares described in subparagraph (a) above that are unvested as of the date of termination of employment shall become exercisable in a pro rata amount determined by a fraction with respect to each such unvested third of the Option Shares, the numerator of which shall be the number of months (with any partial months being considered a full month) of the Participant s employment from the Grant Date through the date of the Participant s termination of employment, and the denominator of which shall be the number of months for the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the corresponding anniversary date on which each such unvested third of the Option Shares would have vested pursuant to subparagraph (a) above. If the Participant is eligible for Enhanced Retirement, this paragraph (d) shall not apply and paragraph (c) shall control. 
 (e) For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following definitions apply 
 (i) Disability means a permanent and total disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan in which the Participant is eligible to participate. 
 (ii) Enhanced Retirement means a Participant s termination of service, other than termination of service for Cause, on or after age 60 with 10 years of service with the Company and or an Affiliate. 
 (iii) Misconduct means any act or failure to act that (i) contributes to the Company having to restate all or a portion of its financial statements and materially increases the value of the compensation received by the Participant and or (ii) caused or was intended to cause a violation of the policies of the Company or Affiliate. 
 (iv) Retirement means a Participant s termination of service, other than termination of service for Cause, on or after the earliest of (i) age 55 with 10 years of service with the Company and or an Affiliate, (ii) the time of retirement as defined in a written agreement between a Participant and a Participating Employer, or (iii) outside the U.S., the time when retirement is permitted and the Participant is eligible to receive a company retirement benefit under applicable law with respect to the Participant s primary place of employment. 
 3. Termination of Option. The Option hereby granted shall terminate and be of no force and effect with respect to any shares of Common Stock not previously purchased by the Participant upon the first to occur of 
 (a) the close of business on the date that is ten years from the Grant Date 
 (b) with respect to 
 (i) the portion of the Option exercisable or which becomes exercisable upon termination of employment due to Enhanced Retirement, the close of business on the date that is ten years from the Grant Date 
 (ii) the portion of the Option exercisable upon termination of employment (or which becomes exercisable upon termination due to death, Disability, Retirement, involuntary termination not for Cause or Constructive Termination), the expiration of (A) 90 days following the Participant s voluntary termination of employment, involuntary termination of employment not for Cause or Constructive Termination, and not due to death, Disability, Enhanced Retirement or Retirement, (B) one year following the Participant s termination of employment by reason of death or Disability and (C) five years following the Participant s termination of employment by reason of Retirement. 
 
 2 

(iii) the portion of the Option not exercisable upon termination of employment, the date of the Participant s termination of employment or 
 (c) the date of the Participant s termination of employment for any reason other than those described in (b) above. 
 4. Exercise of Option. Subject to the limitations set forth herein and in the Plan, all or part of this Option may be exercised in accordance with procedures established by the Committee or its delegate and communicated to the Participant. At the time of exercise, the Participant must pay the full amount of the purchase price for any shares of Common Stock being acquired or, at the option of the Committee or its delegate, tender Common Stock theretofore owned by such Participant that is equal in value to the full amount of the purchase price (or any combination of cash payment and tender of Common Stock) or in any other manner approved by the Committee or its delegate. For purposes of determining the amount, if any, of the purchase price satisfied by payment in Common Stock, such Common Stock shall be valued at its Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Any Common Stock delivered in satisfaction of all or a portion of the purchase price shall be appropriately endorsed for transfer and assignment to the Company. 
 The Participant will not be entitled to exercise the Option granted pursuant hereto, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any Option Shares pursuant to this Award Agreement, if the exercise of the Option or the issuance of such shares would constitute a violation by the Participant or by the Company of any provision of any law or regulation of any governmental authority or any stock exchange or transaction quotation system. 
 If any law or regulation requires the Company to take any action with respect to the shares specified in such notice, the time for delivery thereof, which would otherwise be as promptly as possible, shall be postponed for the period of time necessary to take such action. 
 5. Notices. Any notices required under this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be given in writing, including electronic communication, and shall be deemed effectively delivered or given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to the Participant, five days after deposit in the mail or delivery to an overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the Participant at the address last designated by the Participant by written notice to the Company. 
 6. Assignment of Option . The Participant s rights under the Plan and this Award Agreement are personal. No assignment or transfer of the Participant s rights under and interest in this Option may be made by the Participant otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. This Option is exercisable during his lifetime only by the Participant, or, in the case of a Participant who is mentally incapacitated, this Option shall be exercisable by his guardian or legal representative. After the death of the Participant, exercise of the Option shall be permitted only by the Participant s executor or the personal representative of the Participant s estate (or by his assignee, in the event of a permitted assignment) and only to the extent that the Option was exercisable on the date of the Participant s death. 
 7. Withholding. The Company shall withhold from any delivery of shares of Common Stock under this Option, shares having a Fair Market Value equal to all taxes required to be withheld with respect to the Option. In the event all federal, state and other governmental withholding tax requirements imposed upon the Company with respect to the Option cannot be satisfied in this manner, no shares of Common Stock shall be delivered to or for a Participant unless provision to pay required withholding has been made to the Committee s satisfaction. 
 8. Expatriate Participants. Exercises by expatriate Participants will be, pursuant to the applicable expatriate assignment policy of the Participating Employer, tax normalized based on typical income taxes and social security taxes in the expatriate Participant s home country relevant to the expatriate Participant s domestic circumstances. 
 
 3 

9. No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock are permitted in connection with this Award Agreement. For purposes of vesting in Section 2(a), Option Shares vesting on the second anniversary of the Grant Date shall be increased by any fractional shares resulting from the vesting schedule with respect to subsequent vesting dates and Option Shares vesting thereafter shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. For purposes of pro-ration in Section 2(d), Option Shares shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share of Common Stock. Only whole Option Shares are exercisable pursuant to Section 4, and only whole shares of Common Stock may be delivered in satisfaction of the Grant Price. Any shares of Common Stock withheld pursuant to Section 7 shall be rounded to whole shares in the manner determined by the Committee to be appropriate to satisfy the minimum statutory withholding requirements. 
 10. Shareholder Rights . The Participant shall have no rights of a shareholder with respect to shares of Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until such time as the Option has been exercised and ownership of such shares of Common Stock has been transferred to the Participant. 
 11. Successors and Assigns . This Award Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Participant, the Company and their respective permitted successors and assigns (including personal representatives, heirs and legatees), but the Participant may not assign any rights or obligations under this Award Agreement except to the extent and in the manner expressly permitted. 
 12. No Guaranteed Employment . No provision of this Award Agreement shall confer any right upon the Participant to continued employment. 
 13. Restrictive Covenants. 
 (a) This Section 13 shall apply if the Participant is eligible for Enhanced Retirement and the Option becomes exercisable under Section 2(c), or if the Participant is eligible for Retirement and the Option becomes exercisable under Section 2(d). 
 (b) Acknowledgment of Access to Confidential Information and Trade Secrets . Participant agrees and acknowledges that during employment with the Company, Participant will be provided with, develop, and will use confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets of the Company. The confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets include, but are not limited to, the Company s business strategies, non-public financial information, identities of clients and suppliers, pricing and margin information, and any other information that Participant receives as a result of employment with the Company and that provides the Company with an economic benefit from being confidential, whether in written, tangible, electronic or any other form or media (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information does not apply to such information which is known to the public so long as such knowledge does not result from a breach of any provision of this Award Agreement by Participant. 
 (c) Protection of Company Confidential Information and Trade Secrets . Except as expressly authorized by the Company or in order to carry out the duties and responsibilities as an employee for the Company, Participant will not disclose, directly or indirectly, in any way to anyone the Company s Confidential Information or improperly make use of Confidential Information both during employment with the Company and at any time after employment with the Company terminates. Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. USC 1833(b), and as set forth fully therein, notice is hereby given that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 4 

(d) Non-Competition . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not (i) perform any duties or responsibilities which are similar to those Participant performed on behalf of the Company in the twenty-four (24) months prior to termination of employment for any person or entity who offers services or products, or both, competitive to those offered by the Company at the time of termination of employment, or (ii) perform any duties or responsibilities for any person or entity whereby Participant uses (or may use) Confidential Information of the Company. This restriction shall apply in any geographic area in which the Company does business as of the date of termination of employment. 
 (e) Non-Interference of Company Relationships . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, influence, induce, solicit or otherwise take action intended to disrupt, limit or interfere with any customer, supplier, or vendor relationship which Participant had responsibility for or learned Confidential Information about in the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of employment. 
 (f) Non-Solicitation of Employees . Participant agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Retirement, or twenty-four (24) months following the date Participant s employment with the Company ends due to Enhanced Retirement, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, influence, induce, solicit or otherwise take action intended to disrupt, limit or interfere with the relationship of the Company and any employee with whom Participant interacted or knew about through employment at the Company in the twenty-four (24) months preceding the termination of employment. 
 (g) Non-Disparagement . Participant agrees that Participant shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct, or make any statement or representation, either oral or written, that disparages, impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation, goodwill or interests of the Company, or any of its officers, directors, shareholders, representatives, and or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including, without limitation, the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, allegations, negative reports or comments). Nor shall Participant direct, arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on Participant s behalf. Nothing in this paragraph, however, shall prevent Participant from providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency, or judicial, arbitral or self-regulatory forum, or as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (h) Cooperation . Participant agrees to cooperate with the Company by making Participant reasonably available to testify on behalf of the Company in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, and to assist the Company in any such action, suit, or proceeding, by providing information and meeting and consulting with the Company and its employees, representatives and counsel. 
 (i) Irreparable Harm . Participant acknowledges that the Company has a legitimate need to protect itself from improper or unfair competition and to protect its Confidential Information, as well as the Company s relationships with its business partners and employees, and that the restrictions contained in this Award Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s operations, legitimate competitive interests, and Confidential Information. Participant also recognizes the highly competitive nature of the Company s business and that irreparable harm would be caused by Participant s violation of the restrictions contained herein. 
 
 5 

(j) Remedies . Participant agrees that the Company s remedies at law for any violation of this Award Agreement are inadequate and that the Company has the right to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies available to it. Therefore, if Participant breaches or threatens to breach this Award Agreement, the Company is entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedies, including but not limited to monetary damages, without the posting of a bond. Participant further agrees to pay any and all legal fees, including without limitation, all attorneys fees, court costs, and any other related fees and or costs incurred by the Company in enforcing this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees that a court may extend the duration of the restrictions in Section 13 of this Award Agreement equal to any period of time in which Participant is in violation of this Award Agreement. 
 14. Clawback. 
 (a) If (i) the Committee determines that the Participant has either engaged in, or benefitted from, Misconduct and (ii) the Participant is classified at a level of M-4 or above in the LyondellBasell Group compensation classification system at the time of such determination, upon notice from the Company, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of any amounts (whether in cash or shares) received under this Award Agreement (or forfeit all or any portion of this Award to the extent it has not yet been received) as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. Such notice shall be provided within the earlier to occur of one year after discovery of the alleged Misconduct or the second anniversary of the Participant s date of termination. 
 (b) If the Committee determines that the Participant has violated any of the obligations set forth in Section 13 of this Award Agreement, upon notice from the Company, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of any amounts (whether in cash or shares) received under this Award Agreement (or forfeit all or any portion of this Award to the extent it has not yet been received) as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances. Such notice shall be provided within the earlier to occur of one year after discovery of the alleged violation or the second anniversary of the Participant s Date of Termination. 
 (c) To the extent required by (i) applicable law, including, without limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any Securities and Exchange Commission rule or any applicable securities exchange listing standards (ii) any policy that may be adopted by the Board or (iii) the provisions of any agreement executed by the Participant, the Participant shall reimburse to the Company all or a portion of the payments received under this Award Agreement (or an amount equal thereto), to the extent necessary to comply with such law(s), policy, and or agreement, or as the Committee deems appropriate under the circumstances, which clawback may include forfeiture and or recoupment of such amounts or benefits. 
 15. Choice of Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to conflict of laws principles. 
 16. J urisdiction and Forum. Any action arising out of this Award Agreement or the relationship between the parties established herein shall be brought only in the state or federal courts of the State of Texas, and Participant hereby consents to and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
 17. Savings Clause. It is expressly understood and agreed that although the Company and Participant consider the restrictions contained in Section 13 of this Award Agreement to be reasonable for the purpose of preserving the Company s Confidential Information, as well as the Company s relationships with its business partners and employees, if any restrictive covenant set forth in Section 13 of this Award Agreement is found by any court having jurisdiction to be invalid or unreasonable, the restrictive covenant shall be limited and reduced so as to contain the maximum restrictions permitted by applicable law. The restrictive covenants set forth in Section 13 of this Award Agreement shall be interpreted consistent with, and limited to the extent necessary to comply with, applicable rules of professional conduct. All remaining provisions of this Award Agreement, and or portions thereof, shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 6 

18. Waiver . The Company s failure to enforce any provision(s) of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision(s), or prevent the Company thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement. 
 LYONDELLBASELL INDUSTRIES N.V. 
 ______________________________________ 
 Note For Mr. Rhenman, our Executive Vice President, Advanced Polymers Solutions, and Refining, Retirement also includes termination of service on or after age 65. For our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Vanacker, Retirement includes termination of service on or after age 55 with 7 years of service per the terms of his offer letter. 

7 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21>
 6
 a2022q4exhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 Exhibit 21 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation LyondellBasell Industries N.V. Netherlands LYB International Finance B.V. Netherlands LyondellBasell Finance Company United States Basell North America Inc. United States LYB Americas Finance Company LLC United States Lyondell Chemical Company United States LYB (Barbados) SRL Barbados LYB Bayport Ethers LLC United States LYB Channelview POTBA LLC United States LYB Equistar Holdings LLC United States Equistar LP, LLC United States Equistar GP, LLC United States Equistar Chemicals, LP United States Equistar Bayport, LLC United States Equistar Mont Belvieu Corporation United States LyondellBasell LC Offtake LLC United States LYB International Finance III, LLC United States LYB Receivables LLC United States Lyondell Chemical Europe, Inc. United States Lyondell Chemical Overseas Services, Inc. United States Lyondell Chemical Technology 1 Inc. United States Lyondell Chemical Properties, L.P. United States Lyondell Chemical Technology, L.P. United States Lyondell POTechLP, Inc. United States Lyondell Chemical Technology Management, Inc. United States Lyondell POTechGP, Inc. United States Lyondell POJVGP, LLC United States Lyondell POJVLP, LLC United States PO Offtake, LP United States Lyondell Refining Company LLC United States Lyondell Refining I LLC United States Houston Refining LP United States LyondellBasell Acetyls Holdco, LLC United States LyondellBasell Acetyls, LLC United States LyondellBasell Investment LLC United States LyondellBasell Transportation Company, LLC United States 
 1 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation LyondellBasell Advanced Polymers Inc. United States A. Schulman International Inc. United States AS Mex Hold S.A. de C.V. Mexico A. Schulman de Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins Pty Ltd Australia LyondellBasell SCS UK Ltd United Kingdom AS Worldwide LLC & Cie, S.C.S. Luxembourg AS Worldwide, LLC United States LYB Treasury Services Ltd. United Kingdom ASI Investments Holding Co. United States HGGC Citadel Plastics Holdings, Inc. United States Bulk Molding Compounds, Inc. United States BMC Deutschland GmbH Germany tetra-DUR Kunststoff-Produktion GmbH Germany BMC TetraDURTurkey Plastik Hammadde Kompozit retim Sanayi ve Ticaret Limted irketi Turkey HPC Holdings, LLC United States LYB Composites Holding LLC United States LyondellBasell Composites LLC United States Quantum Composites, Inc. United States LYB Matrixx Holdings Inc. United States LYB Brazil Holdings LLC United States A. Schulman Pl sticos do Brasil Ltda. Brazil LyondellBasell Hungary Kft Hungary LyondellBasell Subholdings B.V. Netherlands Basell International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Basell (Thailand) Holdings B.V. Netherlands Basell Advanced Polyolefins (Thailand) Company Ltd. Thailand Basell Advanced Polyolefins (Dalian) Co., Ltd. China Basell Arabie Investissements SAS France Basell Asia Pacific Limited China Basell Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China LyondellBasell Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia LyondellBasell Polyolefin (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Basell Holdings Middle East GmbH Germany Basell International Trading FZE United Arab Emirates Basell Moyen Orient Investissements SAS France Basell Poliolefinas Ltda. Brazil Colortech Da Amazonia Lta. Brazil 
 2 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation Basell Poliolefinas, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Basell Polyolefin Istanbul Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Basell Polyolefins India Private Limited India Basell Polyolefins Korea Ltd. Korea, Republic Of Bulk Molding Compounds do Brasil Industria de Pl sticos Refor ados Ltda. Brazil Citadel Plastics Mexico Holdings, LLC United States Bulk Molding Compounds Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Lyondell Asia Holdings Limited China Lyondell China Holdings Limited China Lyondell Greater China Holdings Limited China Lyondell Greater China Trading Limited China Lyondell Japan, Inc. Japan Lyondell South Asia Pte Ltd Singapore LyondellBasell Advanced Polymers (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia LyondellBasell Brasil Ltda. Brazil LyondellBasell Canada Inc. Canada LyondellBasell Egypt LLC Egypt LyondellBasell Polymers (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia LyondellBasell Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore LyondellBasell Taiwan Co., Ltd. Taiwan OE Insurance Ltd Bermuda LYB International Finance II B.V. Netherlands LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V. Netherlands A. Schulman Castellon S.L. Spain A. Schulman International Services BV Belgium A.Schulman Poznan Sp. Z o.o. Poland A. Schulman Plastics BV Belgium A. Schulman Belgium BV Belgium A. Schulman Europe International B.V. Netherlands A. Schulman 's-Gravendeel B.V. Netherlands A. Schulman Europe GmbH & Co. KG Germany A. Schulman Magyarorsz g Kereskedelmi Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary A. Schulman Gainsborough Ltd United Kingdom A. Schulman Thermoplastic Compounds Limited United Kingdom A. Schulman Nordic AB Sweden A. Schulman Plastics S.r.l. Italy A. Schulman Plast k Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi Turkey 
 3 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation A. Schulman Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Basell Benelux B.V. Netherlands Basell Poliolefinas Iberica S.L. Spain Basell Poliolefine Italia S.r.l. Italy Basell Sales & Marketing Company B.V. Netherlands Basell Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Basell UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom Basell Polyolefins UK Limited United Kingdom LYB Finance Company B.V. Netherlands LYB Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Basell Germany Holdings GmbH Germany Basell Chemie K ln GmbH Germany Basell Polyolefine GmbH Germany Basell Bayreuth Chemie GmbH Germany A. Schulman GmbH Germany A. Schulman Real Estate GmbH & Co. KG Germany LyondellBasell Holdings France SAS France A. Schulman Europe Verwaltungs GmbH Germany A. Schulman Inc. Limited United Kingdom A. Schulman Plastics SAS France A. Schulman S.A.S. France Elian S.A.S. France Basell Polyolefines France S.A.S. France Compagnie de Distribution des Hydrocarbures SAS France Compagnie Petrochimique de Berre SAS France Lyondell Chimie France SAS France LyondellBasell Services France S.A.S. France LYB Advanced Polymer Solutions Ireland Limited Ireland LYB Ireland Limited Ireland LyondellBasell Central Europe Kft. Hungary LYB Trading Company B.V. Netherlands Lyondell Chemie Nederland B.V. Netherlands Lyondell Chemie (PO-11) B.V. Netherlands Lyondell Chemie (POSM) B.V. Netherlands Lyondell PO-11 C.V. Netherlands LyondellBasell China Holdings B.V. Netherlands Basell Advanced Polyolefins (Suzhou) Co. Ltd. China Guangzhou Basell Advanced Polyolefins Co., Ltd. China 
 4 

Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation LyondellBasell Advanced Polymer (Changshu) Co., Ltd. China LyondellBasell Advanced Polymer (Dongguan) Co. Ltd. China LyondellBasell Circular Economy B.V. Netherlands Where a subsidiary is wholly-owned by two or more entities, it is only listed once. 

5 

Joint Ventures Entity Name Jurisdiction of Formation Bora LyondellBasell Petrochemical Co., Ltd. 1 
 China Ningbo ZRCC Lyondell Chemical Co. Ltd. 2 
 China Ningbo ZRCC LyondellBasell New Material Company Limited 3 
 China EPS Ethylen-Pipeline-S d GmbH & Co. KG 4 
 Germany Source One Plastics GmbH 5 
 Germany PT LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins 6 
 Indonesia PT LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins Commercial 7 
 Indonesia PolyMirae Co., Ltd. 8 
 Korea, Republic Of Indelpro, S.A. de C.V. 9 
 Mexico LyondellBasell Covestro Manufacturing Maasvlakte V.O.F. 10 
 Netherlands QCP B.V. 11 
 Netherlands QCP Holding B.V. 12 
 Netherlands Basell Orlen Polyolefins Sp. Z.o.o. 13 
 Poland Al Waha Petrochemical Company 14 
 Saudi Arabia Natpet Schulman Specialty Plastic Compounds 15 
 Saudi Arabia Saudi Ethylene & Polyethylene Company 16 
 Saudi Arabia Saudi Polyolefins Company 17 
 Saudi Arabia HMC Polymers Company Limited 18 
 Thailand SCG ICO Polymers Company Limited 19 
 Thailand Louisiana Integrated PolyEthylene JV LLC 20 
 United States PD Glycol LP 21 
 United States PO JV, LP 22 
 United States Technology JV, LP 23 
 United States 1 Basell International Holdings B.V. owns a 50 interest in Bora LyondellBasell Petrochemical Co., Ltd. 
 2 Lyondell China Holdings Limited owns a 26.65 interest in Ningbo ZRCC Lyondell Chemical Co. Ltd. 
 3 Lyondell China Holdings Limited owns a 50 interest in Ningbo ZRCC LyondellBasell New Material Company Limited. 
 4 Basell Polyolefine GmbH owns a 14.07 interest in EPS Ethylen-Pipeline-S d GmbH & Co. KG. 
 5 LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V. owns a 49 interest in Source One Plastics GmbH. 
 6 A. Schulman International Inc. owns a 65 interest in PT LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins. 
 7 A. Schulman International Inc. owns a 65 interest in PT LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins Commercial. 
 8 Basell International Holdings B.V. owns a 50 interest in PolyMirae Co., Ltd. 
 9 Basell International Holdings B.V. owns a 49 interest in Indelpro, S.A. de C.V. 
 10 Lyondell PO-11 C.V. owns a 50 interest in LyondellBasell Covestro Manufacturing Maasvlakte V.O.F. 
 11 QCP Holding B.V. owns a 100 interest in QCP B.V. 
 
 6 

12 LyondellBasell Circular Economy B.V. owns a 50 interest in QCP Holding B.V. 
 13 LyondellBasell Industries Holdings B.V. owns a 50 interest in Basell Orlen Polyolefins Sp. Z.o.o. 
 14 Basell Arabie Investissements SAS owns a 25 interest in Al Waha Petrochemical Company. 
 15 A. Schulman Europe International B.V. owns a 50 interest in Natpet Schulman Specialty Plastic Compounds. 
 16 Basell Moyen Orient Investissments SAS owns a 25 interest in Saudi Ethylene & Polyethylene Company. 
 17 Basell Holdings Middle East GmbH owns a 25 interest in Saudi Polyolefins Company. 
 18 Basell (Thailand) Holdings B.V. owns a 28.56 interest in HMC Polymers Company Limited. 
 19 LyondellBasell Advanced Polyolefins (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. owns a 13 interest in SCG ICO Polymers Company Limited. 
 20 LyondellBasell LC Offtake LLC owns a 50 interest in Louisiana Integrated PolyEthylene JV LLC. 
 21 Equistar Chemicals, LP owns a 50 interest in PD Glycol LP. 
 22 PO Offtake, LP owns a 50 interest in PO JV, LP. 
 23 Lyondell POTechLP, Inc. owns a 49 partnership interest in Technology JV, LP. Lyondell POTechGP, Inc. owns a 1 partnership interest in Technology JV, LP. 

7 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 a2022q4exhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 
 Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-183500, 333-183501, and 333-256676) and Form S-3 (No. 333-261639) of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. of our report dated February 23, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a2022q4exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 I, Peter Vanacker, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Peter Vanacker Peter Vanacker Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a2022q4exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael McMurray, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Michael McMurray Michael McMurray Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 a2022q4exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (the company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company. 
 s Peter Vanacker Peter Vanacker Chief Executive Officer s Michael McMurray Michael McMurray Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 23, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 lyb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 lyb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 lyb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 lyb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 lyb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

