<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230113_10-K_edgar_data_1394638_0001731122-23-000046.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16294494</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148796</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12627278</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1117527</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1083417</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1221146</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000046.hdr.sgml : 20230113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230113131916
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Driveitaway Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001394638
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				204456503
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52883
		FILM NUMBER:		23528209

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3401 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200/201
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		904-824-3133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3401 MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200/201
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREATIVE LEARNING Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B2 HEALTH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070327

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000046.txt : 20230113

10-K
 1
 e4345_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON ,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 , 

(Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act : 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No . 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2022 was based
on the closing price of 0.10 of the Company s common stock as quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace on that date. 

As
of January 9, 2023, there are shares of common stock of the registrant outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 12 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 17 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 17 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 18 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 18 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 19 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevents Inspection 
 19 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 19 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 21 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 23 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 24 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 25 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 27 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words
 believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they: 

discuss future expectations; 

contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition; or 

state other forward-looking information. 

We believe it is important to communicate our expectations
to our stockholders. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or over which we have no control.
The cautionary language discussed in this Form 10-K provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause actual results
to differ materially from the expectations described by us in our forward-looking statements, including among other things: 

the operating and financial results of the Company; 

our failure to successfully implement our growth strategy; 

changing economic conditions; 

our need for additional financing; 

litigation and regulatory issues; 

our failure to comply with current or future laws or regulations; and 

the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties
that may cause our actual future results to differ materially from those projected or contemplated in the forward-looking statements. 

All forward-looking statements included herein attributable
to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to above. Except to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations, we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

1 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

As used in this Annual Report,
references to the Company, DriveItAway, we, our, and us refer to
DriveItAway Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, references to our financial
statements are to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report except as the context otherwise
requires. 

We prepare our consolidated
financial statements in United States dollars and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United
States, U.S. GAAP ). In this Annual Report, references to and dollars are to United States
dollars. 

Overview 

DriveItAway Holdings, Inc.
was formed in Delaware on March 8, 2006 as B2 Health, Inc. On July 2, 2010, the Company acquired BFK Franchise Company, LLC BFK ),
a Nevada limited liability company, and concurrently changed its name to Creative Learning Corporation. On February 24, 2022, the Company
acquired DriveItAway, Inc., and on March 18, 2022, disposed of BFK and its other subsidiaries involved in the learning business. On April
18, 2022, the name was changed to DriveItAway Holdings, Inc. 

The
Company is a national dealer focused mobility platform that enables car dealers to sell more vehicles in a seamless way through eCommerce,
with its exclusive Pay as You Go app-based subscription program. We provide a comprehensive turnkey, solutions driven program
with proprietary mobile technology and driver app, insurance coverages and training to get dealerships up and running quickly and profitably
in emerging online sales opportunities. The Company has expanded its easy and transparent consumer app subscription to ownership 
platform to enable entry level consumers to drive and acquire new Electric Vehicles. 

Agreement and Plan
of Share Exchange 

On December 7, 2021, the Company (f/k/a Creative Learning
Corporation), DriveItAway, Inc., a Delaware corporation DIA ), and the existing shareholders of DIA executed an Agreement
and Plan of Share Exchange, under which the Company would acquire all of the issued and outstanding common stock of DIA by issuing one
share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred of the Company for each outstanding share
of DIA common stock (the Share Exchange ). As a result of the Share Exchange, DIA will become a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

Each share of Series A Preferred will be convertible
into that number of shares of common stock of the Company which would entitle the Series A Preferred holders to 85 of the Company s
common stock, determined on a fully-diluted basis. The exact conversion rate of the Series A Preferred will be determined at closing of
the Share Exchange. In addition, each share of Series A Preferred will be entitled to dividends and voting rights on an as converted 
basis with the common stockholders. 

2 

Closing
on Share Exchange 

On February 24, 2022, closing
of the Share Exchange occurred. Each share of Series A Preferred is convertible into 33.94971 shares of common stock of the Company, which
entitles the holders thereof to 85 of the Company s common stock upon a conversion of all shares of Series A Preferred, determined
on a fully-diluted basis. In addition, each share of Series A Preferred is entitled to dividends and voting rights on an as converted 
basis with the common stockholders. 

Upon closing of the Share
Exchange, all of the existing members of the board of directors (the Board of the Company resigned, except that
Rod Whiton s resignation will not be effective until ten days after an information statement pursuant to Rule 14f-1 is mailed to
shareholders. John Possumato, Adam Potash and Paul Patrizio were appointed to the Company s Board, provided that the appointments
of Messrs. Potash and Patrizio will not be effective until ten days after an information statement pursuant to Rule 14f-1 is mailed to
shareholders. Upon closing of the Share Exchange, Christopher Rego and Rod Whiton resigned as officers, and John Possumato was appointed
chief executive officer and Adam Potash was appointed chief operating officer. Mike Elkin agreed to remain as chief financial officer
of the Company. 

Sale Agreement with StroomX, LLC 

On December 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Sale
Agreement with StroomX, LLC (the Purchaser ), under which the Company agreed to sell all of the Company s subsidiaries
(the Learning Subsidiaries involved in its learning business (the Learning Business ), as well
as any assets of the Learning Business that are not owned by the Learning Subsidiaries, to the Purchaser. In connection with the sale,
the Purchaser agreed to assume all liabilities of the Learning Business, and to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any such
liabilities. The Purchaser is controlled by Christopher Rego, the Company s current chief executive officer. Closing of the sale
will occur after the closing of the Share Exchange. 

The sale
of the Learning Business closed on March 18, 2022. As consideration for the purchase of the Learning Business, the parties agreed
to offset 50,000 in severance due to Christopher Rego as part payment of the purchase price. The remainder of the purchase price
was paid by a joint note executed by the Purchaser and Mr. Rego in the principal amount of 100,000, which is payable in full on
April 20, 2022 without interest. Alternatively, the parties agreed that the promissory note may be satisfied in full by the delivery
to the Company by the maturity date of the note of all shares of common stock owned by Mr. Rego and his spouse in the Company,
provided that the number of shares is not less than 500,000. In the event the note is not paid in full by its maturity date, either
in cash or shares, the note shall bear interest at 15 per annum until it is paid in full. 500,000 shares were returned to the
transfer agent and cancelled as of May 12, 2022. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

February 24,
2022, the Company s Board approved an amendment to its certificate of incorporation to designate a new series of preferred stock,
which is known as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred is convertible into 33.94971 shares of common
stock of the Company, which entitles the holders thereof to 85 of the Company s common stock upon a conversion of all shares of
Series A Preferred, determined on a fully-diluted basis, but prior to any shares issued or issuable as a result of the Financing (as defined
below). In addition, each share of Series A Preferred is entitled to dividends and voting rights on an as converted basis
with the common stockholders. 

3 

On April 20, 2022, holders of 2,464,784 shares
of Series A Preferred agreed to convert their Series A Preferred into common stock, which resulted in the issuance of 83,678,702 shares
of common stock. On the same date, the board of directors approved a resolution to exercise the Company s right to mandatorily convert
the remaining 129,809 shares of Series A Preferred into common stock, which resulted in the issuance of an additional 4,406,979 shares
of common stock. 

Names Change and Capital Structure 

On April 18, 2022, the
Company filed an amendment to its certificate of incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State to change its name from Creative Learning
Corporation to DriveItAway Holdings, Inc. and to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 to 1,000,000,000. 

Our Business 

We have developed a consumer-facing app and Web-based
platform that allows any automotive retailer the ability to provide a subscription to ownership model for any consumer easy, transparent,
and risk-free for both the consumer and the retailer. 

Under our Drive Now, Decide Later 
mantra, any consumer, regardless of credit, can go on our app, select a vehicle, sign for and pick up a vehicle, and have the subscription
deal consummated in a matter of minutes. Unlike a vehicle sale or lease, a candidate that passes our detailed screening can be driving
without making any long-term financial commitment, for as long as he/she wants, in the vehicle of choice. While there is really no such
thing as digital retailing for the sale or lease of a vehicle in the U.S. today, as all states require actual wet
ink signatures for documents either sent to the buyer or signed at a dealership, documents for a rental or subscription can all
be legally signed digitally, so this process is quick, easy and can all be consummated in our app with the vehicle delivered to
the candidate. We are true digital retailing for the automotive industry. 

Unlike rental car companies, or even subscription
companies available to US and Canadian consumers today, a DriveItAway vehicle subscription program is differentiated with one vital element,
all of our drivers have the ability to buy the vehicle they are subscribing to, with the portion of the money they are paying in as rental
fees accruing towards the purchase price, should they choose to buy. All drivers have the right, but not the obligation, to buy at any
time, and get the benefit of his or her specific vehicle s reduced purchase price created by the payments they have made for vehicle
usage. 

Just as Divvy Homes has revolutionized the rent-to-own
market for houses during these cash-strained times, DriveItAway seeks to revolutionize how both new and used vehicles are sold, where
a purchase transaction starts in a commitment-free rental or subscription. 

4 

While we think this easy, transparent, and turnkey
type of Drive Now, Decide Later subscription appeals to all potential vehicle buyers and will grow dramatically as the entire
car market makes the transition to EV vehicles and we gain more visibility as an alternative in the marketplace, right now the low
hanging fruit is indeed the subprime and deep subprime consumer, whose alternatives are limited to the bad choices outlined above. 

We use a technology partner to extensively screen
our applicants through a digital process for background and identity, driving history and insurance risk, income verification, etc., but
we do not require any threshold credit score. As long as an applicant has a clean driving record and adequate income, etc., he/she can
qualify for one of our vehicles. In the current environment, the average new vehicle is selling for approximately 47,000 dollars while
the average used vehicle is selling for approximately 28,000 with an average six-year payment of over 716. Our average vehicle usage/rental
fees are priced a little higher (between 150-225 a week, not counting insurance) on a subscription, but our driver is building equity
in the vehicle they are driving, and most all are working towards a buyout when the amount written down is low enough that he/she
can successfully finance the purchase. As our mission is defined, we get our credit-challenged customers off of the gerbil wheel 
of never-ending payments, and out of vehicles that break down before the payments are finished. 

5 

In general, as vehicles become higher in price
(fostered by higher EV pricing) relative to income, we see vehicle subscriptions at the same trajectory of growth today as consumer vehicle
leasing was 25-30 years ago: a small percentage of sales now, but high growth in the years to come. We see our unique subscription
to ownership model as the best subscription program for all consumers, as it offers the best of both the walk away ability
of a turnkey monthly rental, but with the advantage of benefiting from the monthly usage payment reduction, should the driver choose to
buy. 

DriveItAway works with franchise and larger independent
dealers (not with Buy Here/Pay Here stores), and is primarily a turnkey subscription dealer platform, although we do act as principal
in many cases owning vehicles, particularly EV vehicles, always serviced and delivered by our car dealership partners. This allows the
company to scale rapidly in many locations, without the burden of fixed overhead or personnel expenses. 

How We Work 

Without the technology available in recent years,
it would not be possible for DriveItAway to exist. Many years ago, when the Buy Here/Pay Here market first developed it was necessary
for those dealers to maintain 30/40 net profit margins, as typically a third of their vehicles ended up being repossessed, and, by the
time the dealer actually received the vehicle back, it was in such bad repair it was worth next to nothing. 

Today, with technology, we can greatly reduce
most of the risks, identify those problems that do occur quickly, and mitigate losses, so that we can maintain a high per-unit profit
margin and still price very competitively as compared to other choices our retail customers might have, allowing for a good profit margin
for ourselves and dealers that use us as a subscription platform. Note: most franchise dealers would like the extra profit and business
deep subprime candidates represent (they have been, typically the most loyal and highest profit margin sector of vehicle buyers), but
do not want to deal with the typical problems a Buy Here/Pay Here operation represents, nor do they want to operate that
type of victimizing enterprise. 

First, our all in-app subscription process is
not only quicker and much more transparent to our end user drivers, but it is also much easier to administer and maintain from an operational
perspective. DriveItAway uses a third-party screening service to review an applicant s identity and background, his/her driving
history and insurance risk, income verification and employment, and credit tier. While we do not require any particular credit score,
we do require a ratio of income to payment coverage for all renters, a clean driving history, and other criteria to mitigate risk. This
automated screening process runs in the app with an API, and is completed within minutes. 

Once a candidate qualifies for the vehicle selected,
we collect a security deposit commensurate with the payment and value of the vehicle, and all drivers pay in advance by credit card or
ACH inside the app. We are also gearing up to collect through voluntary payroll deduction for our subscribers as well. Before such technologies
existed, in the old days of Buy Here/Pay Here the payment process was (and still is in many of these small stores), literally
done in person on a weekly basis obviously, there is a lot of collection friction in a manual process. 

One major key to what we do is the placement of
advanced telematics on every vehicle we offer for subscription. All drivers in our subscription contract are informed and agree to have
a live-time telematics device in each vehicle along with an ignition starter cut-off switch, which is tied back into our payment platform.
With this, DriveItAway can monitor vehicle location, and driving pattern (speed versus speed limit, hard braking, etc.) and can set up
a red flag monitor to identify unsafe driving. Unsafe driving is not tolerated and will result in a warning and possible
vehicle return. In addition, the ignition starter cut-off switch automatically kills the start-up of the vehicle, if an advance payment
is overdue (note: it does not in any way stop the vehicle while driving, but once the vehicle is shut off, it simply cannot be restarted,
unless we turn it back on ). This is not seen so much as a penalty, but a very explicit reminder that our driver must pay
for the vehicle. Through our AI chat and automated system, a person can simply say when and what amount of payment they are prepared to
make, and the vehicle will turn on, even if the payment commitment is in the future (we do not want to strand anyone or cause undue hardship).
However, repeated late payments can result in a vehicle requiring a return. 

6 

One note, our entire program is focused on keeping
our subscribers who want to buy on the rails and that is made clear at inception. We work with our subscribers to help each
achieve their goal of vehicle ownership, which includes free credit counseling/credit remediation if desired by the applicate. Finally,
we counsel all of our subscribers that, indeed, one of the benefits of being in a weekly/monthly subscription is the fact that no long-term
commitment is made, so if his/her financial situation changes and the vehicle is no longer affordable, simply turn it in (each is paying
in advance), and preserve the ability to come back for a new vehicle in the future. 

Finally, we are writing down the vehicle each
month, below depreciated book value, so if a vehicle is returned we are never upside down on market value
versus book value. When a vehicle is returned, either our own vehicle or a dealer vehicle for dealers using us as a platform, we simply
put it back out to another candidate, until one of our drivers purchases the vehicle. 

Very clearly, without technology and integrations
available in the last few years, a subscription to an ownership platform such as DriveItAway could not exist. The fact that it does now,
and we are introducing it into the market, enables us to achieve our mission to rationalize the one area of the automotive industry that
has yet to become efficient and is filled with high-margin friction, the subprime and deep subprime Buy Here/Pay Here marketplace. 

EV Program 

During the last year, DriveItAway, acting as principal,
did market pilots, and added a variety of EV and Hybrid Plug-In vehicles into its fleet, integrating different telematics, marketing models
and user surveys to engineer and gain experience in scaling as a mainstream EV subscription to ownership platform. 

The DriveItAway program is uniquely designed to
help alleviate the two biggest impediments to a mainstream or subprime EV sale, the higher cost (spread out over as long a period of time
as required for our subscriber), and the suitability or anxiety of plunging into an EV sale. 

Add to this the recognition and focus on the need
for more mainstream EV buyers to achieve EV growth goals in the US, by both private and public entities, and we clearly
are on the right side of a long-term trend. Indeed, all our EV subscribers have to do is run a new or used EV for the required period
of time in a subscription so that it is two model years old when the selling price is written down to 25k or less, and he/she will receive
a 4,000 or 30 of the sale price tax credit (in 2024 which can be signed over as cash to the selling dealer, no waiting for a tax credit
to come) on his or her purchase, courtesy of Inflation Reduction Act (note: the buyer must make less than 75k a year, or 150k for couples). 

This used EV incentive, of 30 of the purchase
price or 4,000 (whichever is less), can easily be seen as perfect synergistic fit with the DriveItAway program, particularly working
in coordination with franchise car dealers. With our program, a dealer can, by putting vehicles in a subscription service with our platform,
manufacture their own used car, qualifying for the substantial federal used car consumer tax incentive. Also, as retailers have slimmer
sales profit margins on mainstream EVs, and will have up to 40-50 less service work on EVs (great for the consumer, not so good for dealers),
selling a mainstream EV vehicle twice once in their subscription service using the DriveItAway platform and then as a used car,
with incentives, to the driver or another consumer helps solve franchise dealer margin compression issues as well. 

Getting EVs in mainstream consumer hands in a
beneficial, profitable way for all constituencies, EVs for Everyone, is another problem that we solve. 

Key Industry Tailwinds 

We believe the convergence of key trends, including
the increased supply of new and used vehicles, the pendulum swinging back to normal on new and used vehicle depreciation curves (a radical
shift from the last 24 months), rising interest rates, and a challenging economy (we are a counter cycle company), the major private and
public push for EV sales goals, and the entry-level worker shortage, all will contribute to the robust demand for DriveItAway s
dealer administered consumer-focused subscription to ownership platform. 

7 

New and Used Vehicle Supply is Increasing and Vehicles are Decreasing in Value. All of the primary forecasters and OEMs have stated, clearly that the chip and parts supply shortage has ended, and it is a fact that for the first time in two years new vehicle inventories are climbing, albeit, at currently a slow rate, to pick up in 2023. Commensurately, used vehicle wholesale prices have plunged over the last six months, and now retail used car values are beginning to fall (again for the first time in almost 2 years). Many dealers now have used inventory that is underwater (not worth the cost value in the wholesale market), and so our platform now adds value to win both incremental new market share and sell used vehicles without a wholesale loss. 

Vehicle Affordability is at an All Time Low, Interest Rates are Up, and Repositions are Up for all Financial Credit Ratings, but Most Dramatically for Prime Vehicle Loans . The average new car now sells for over 47,000 with the average car payment above 700 a month with an average six-year term loan. From August 2019 to August 2022, new car prices increased by 29 and three-year-old used car prices increased by 52 , but income increased by only 13 (iSeeCars Executive Analyst, Carl Brauer). In addition to increasing retail prices and interest rates pushing more folks out of the market, banks for the first time in a long time are tightening up credit policies to reject higher credit scores for vehicle financing. Repossessions are on the rise, particularly in the prime lending segment, which has doubled, while deep subprime repossessions have increased 33 and subprime has increased 11 . As our business is counter cycle, in that it both helps those consumers who need to spread out the cost of a new or used vehicle, and particularly helps those who are cash or credit-challenged to drive and then buy a vehicle, all of these macroeconomic indicators are now swinging back to portend a greater need for our solution. 

The Focus for both Vehicle Manufacturers and Government is to Promote Widespread Mainstream EV Adoption . It is clear that federal EV adoption objectives are impossible to achieve without the high volume, rapid adoption of EVs among mainstream, non-affluent vehicle buyers. Also, vehicle manufacturers cannot hope to have an adequate return on the billions of dollars invested in the development and manufacture of EV vehicles, without mainstream EV sales, in addition to the current market 98 composed of luxury and premium luxury buyers. Both public and private institutions recognize this, which is why the recent focus has been on creating stimulus programs to subsidize the price of EVs and appeal to all buyers. The DriveItAway program fits perfectly to facilitate this much larger trend, the first company of its kind to do so in this way. 

Dealers are Coming Under Financial Pressure to Move EV Units and EVs Have Lower Profit Margins and Dramatically Fewer Service Requirements . As manufacturers introduce and hinge sales growth on EV vehicles, and consumer demand for e-commerce continues to accelerate, new car dealers are in a particularly difficult position, as profit margins will decrease rapidly, in both sales and fixed operations. Most all vehicle manufacturers, both in the US and abroad, with the advent of new EV models, are putting a new sales model in place for franchise dealers, the agency model, where the vehicle price and sales transaction is dictated by the manufacturer online, and the dealer receives a fixed fee for customer delivery. This eliminates the dealer s ability to set retail prices or negotiate a purchase. Combine this with the McKinsey Co. estimate that repair service income will drop 40-50 with EVs, as compared to ICE units (EVs have approximately 200 moving parts, as compared to 2,000 for a gas unit), and profit marge compression for dealers is imminent and a growing concern. Our program allows dealers who use our platform two bites at the sales apple, once when a vehicle is put into a dealer s rental/subscription company (the first sale), and the second when that vehicle is sold used, either to the driver or another party, all the while guaranteeing service work on the vehicle for an extended period of time. By the nature of the subscription to ownership program, our dealer partners increase market share and profit margins on EVs. 

Large Companies in the US are in the Process of Major EV Usage and Sustainability Adoption . Larger companies in the US are under increased pressure to document sustainability objectives, particularly in the replacement of ICE units to EVs, in both their fleet and employee car park. Bank of America, for instance, is giving all employees who make less than 100k a year the incentive of an extra 4,000 for buying an EV. In addition, many are subject to broader ESG audits which have a very real impact on institutional investment, etc. and are increasingly emphasizing sustainability in their purchasing decisions to positively impact their communities and the environment. As the DriveItAway program gains more visibility in transparently and efficiently accomplishing these larger companywide aligned goals, we see a much larger scalable growth in working with large corporate constituencies. 

8 

The Adoption of EVs Portends an Increased Focus on Vehicle Subscriptions. Consumers are shifting their lifestyles to include more subscription-based services, especially where battery-driven technology obsolescence could be a major factor. For example, most cell phones today are under a subscription, rather than a purchase or lease contract, and cable television is quickly being replaced in consumer households by subscription streaming. Some major forecasters are predicting the same for EVs as they grow in consumer adoption, that subscriptions will represent even as much as one-third of all EV sales. Our subscription with optional ownership technology and platform gives the consumer the best of both a subscription and the ability to convert ownership when and if desired. 

Long-Term Growth Strategy 

We have made decisions and investments with long-term
objectives to scale rapidly. We believe maintaining a long-term growth orientation is key to maximizing DriveItAway s impact and
generating value for all stakeholders, looking towards larger market value potential with the massive changes afoot in the automotive
retail industry. We plan to achieve this by continuing to lay down a firm foundation in technology, platform and partners, and continue
growth with positive unit economics. 

Key levers of our growth strategy include: 

Renew and Continue to Redevelop our Platform as a SaaS For Larger Car Dealers . We plan to continue to refine and improve our platform to best accommodate dealers for use with their own new and used vehicles, and as an entry-level point to grow market share both for subprime customers and potential mainstream EV buyers. 

Develop Continued EV-Focused Pilots Acting as Principal to Service Customers Directly with Dealer Partners . We think that as the current market for all vehicles becomes more challenging, selling entry-level EVs in the volumes projected by the manufacturers will become particularly difficult, and that programs like DriveItAway will become vital to stimulate mainstream EV adoption. We plan to continue to gain experience and reputation in accommodating mainstream EV adopters directly with our own inventory, anticipating likely support from manufacturers and manufacturer-owned captive finance companies, as we make our presence known as a unique fleet buyer. 

Continue Partnerships with Vehicle Fleet
 Providers for Consignment Vehicles as we Build Dealer Clients . DriveItAway currently has relationships with two subscription/rental organizations, for the consignment of lease vehicles to go into the
 DriveItAway program. Given the specialization and uniqueness of the DriveItAway technology and platform, there is a synergy in these
 fleet suppliers leasing vehicles to us for our target market, and gain from our wholesale lease payments, then their alternative to
 go to the significant expense of capturing our market directly. In turn, this supplies us with wholesale inventory to expand our
 direct market share, facilitating our growth and market presence. 

Pilot and Expand Partnerships with Large Contract Labor Organizations and Corporates to Fulfill Both Their ESG and Employee Retention and Recruitment Goals . As we roll out our second successful pilot with a contract labor organization, we, together, intend to scale our solution with many other large corporates in strategically located regions throughout 2023. Again, with larger reach and visibility, this application and target market is large and vast, and alone presents scale to many thousands of vehicles. 

Continue to Expand Synergistic Partnerships with Industry Providers in Insurance, Lead Generation and Telematics Infrastructure . Over the last 24 months, we have dramatically increased our partnerships with major insurance providers (with refined risk screening and plans to launch a bring your own insurance model in the first quarter of 2023), potential lead generation partners (such as EV subscription services that only focus on subprime, absorbing rejected leads into our sales funnel) and telematics providers (integration with innovative new technologies for vehicle monitoring and control). These relationships will allow us to continue to refine, grow and scale our business, and provide our own innovations while improving customer experience, with a minimum of infrastructure investment. We will continue to grow these partnerships and add additional partners, to leverage and refine our model. 

9 

Expand Into More Regions of the US and Gain More Consumer Visibility . One of the biggest impediments to our growth, indeed, is the lack of DriveItAway as a visible alternative to our target audiences - those subprime consumers whose alternatives for transportation ownership our far worse, and, in addition to the new group of mainstream consumers who are interested in EVs but do not want to take the risk of getting into a long-term financial commitment before extensive use. As we increase our inventory and presence in more contiguous regions throughout the US, our visibility will increase. In addition, we continue to present at auto industry trade shows to gain more visibility among potential dealer and technology partners, and our CEO regularly has articles published in trade industry journals 

Unlock New Business Models . Our capabilities as a scalable direct-to-customer digital mobility subscription to ownership platform, with proprietary integrated technology, position us to drive the adoption of future business models. This includes our expertise in managing what we believe will become the largest centrally managed fleet of EV mainstream/credit-challenged consumer vehicles, with our subscription to ownership model, which in the future will allow us to unlock future service offerings, including retail insurance, credit and funding products to our consumer customer base. 

Employees 

As of January 13, 2023,
we have 6 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee. Some of our executive officers and directors are engaged in outside
business activities that we do not believe conflict with our business. Over time, we may be required to hire additional employees or
engage independent contractors to execute various projects that are necessary to grow and develop our business. These decisions will
be made by our officers and directors, if and when appropriate. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive office is located at 3201 Market Street, Suite
200/201, Philadelphia, PA 19104. Our telephone number is (856) 577-2763. Our website is www.driveitaway.com. Our website s information
is not, and will not be deemed, a part of this Annual Report or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. 

Available Information 

Copies of our Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other documents that we will file with or furnish to the
SEC will be available free of charge by sending a written request to our corporate headquarters. Additionally, the documents we file with
the SEC are or will be available free of charge at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549.
Other information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. The SEC maintains
a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically
with the SEC. The SEC s website is www.sec.gov. 

We maintain a corporate website
at www.driveitaway.com. You will be able to access our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, proxy statements and other information to be filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act with the SEC free of charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material will be electronically
filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual
Report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We are not required to provide this
information as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

10 

Item 2. Properties 

On April 1, 2022, the Company leased virtual office
space at 3201 Market Street, Suite 200/201, Philadelphia, PA 19104 for its corporate office. The lease has a term of one year. The Company
is not obligated to pay rent. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently
involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There
is no action, suit, or proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the
knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or our subsidiary, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common stock, our
subsidiary or of our companies or our subsidiary s officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision
could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Price for Equity Securities 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the
symbol DWAY . The following table sets forth the quarterly high and low daily close for our common stock for the two years
ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. There is a very limited market for the Company s common stock 

Price Range 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.20 
 0.15 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.16 
 0.09 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.13 
 0.08 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.09 
 0.01 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.34 
 0.14 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.33 
 0.15 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.23 
 0.12 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.22 
 0.13 

Holders 

At January 9, 2023, the Company had 106,551,722
outstanding shares of common stock and 143 shareholders of record. 

Dividends 

Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends
as may be declared by the Company s Board. The Company s Board is not restricted from paying any dividends but is not obligated
to declare a dividend. No dividends have ever been declared, and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid in the foreseeable
future. Any indebtedness the Company incurs in the future may also limit its ability to pay dividends. Investors should not purchase the
Company s common stock with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. 

11 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities during the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. 

Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not repurchase any securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2022. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information
required by this Item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. All information
presented herein is based on the Company s fiscal year, which ends September 30. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular
years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and
periods of those fiscal years. 

Note on COVID- 19 

The COVID-19 pandemic
is a highly fluid situation and it is not currently possible for us to reasonably estimate the impact it may have on our financial and
operating results. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business as we learn more and the impact of
COVID-19 on our industry becomes clearer. We are complying with health guidelines regarding safety procedures, including, but are not
limited to, social distancing, remote working, and teleconferencing. The extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business
is uncertain and difficult to predict. Adverse global economic and market conditions as a result of COVID-19 could also adversely affect
our business. If the pandemic continues to cause significant negative impacts to economic conditions, our results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity could be adversely impacted. 

Overview 

The Company was formed in
Delaware on March 8, 2006 as B2 Health, Inc. On July 2, 2010, the Company acquired BFK Franchise Company, LLC BFK ), a Nevada
limited liability company, and concurrently changed its name to Creative Learning Corporation. On February 24, 2022, the Company acquired
DriveItAway, Inc., and on March 18, 2022, disposed of BFK and its other subsidiaries involved in the learning business. On April 18, 2022,
the name was changed to DriveItAway Holdings, Inc. 

The
Company is a national dealer focused mobility platform that enables car dealers to sell more vehicles in a seamless way through eCommerce,
with its exclusive Pay as You Go app-based subscription program. DIA provides a comprehensive turnkey, solutions driven
program with proprietary mobile technology and driver app, insurance coverages and training to get dealerships up and running quickly
and profitably in emerging online sales opportunities. The company is planning to soon expand its easy and transparent consumer app subscription
to ownership platform to enable entry level consumers to drive and acquire new Electric Vehicles. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended September 30, 2022, compared
to year ended September 30, 2021 

Our operating results for the years ended September
30, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

12 

Years Ended 

September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 55,509 
 118,591 
 (63,082 
 (53 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 38,898 
 37,832 
 1,066 
 3 
 
 Gross Profit 
 16,611 
 80,759 
 (64,148 
 (79 

Operating expense 
 1,201,767 
 741,899 
 459,868 
 62 
 
 Operating loss 
 (1,185,156 
 (661,140 
 (524,016 
 79 

Other expense 
 290,209 
 14,544 
 275,665 
 n/a 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,475,365 
 (675,684 
 (799,681 
 118 

Revenues for the year ended September 30, 2022 was
 55,509, as compared to 118,591 for the year ended September 30, 2021, a decrease of 63,082, primarily due to the nation-wide used car
shortage resulting from supply chain disruptions due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, semiconductor chips, one of the main
components that run vehicle electronics, came in short supply, which affected both new and used car markets, causing significantly higher
prices and low inventory. 

Operating expenses for the year ended September 30,
2022 were 1,201,767, as compared to 741,899 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The increase of 459,868 was attributable to an increase
in professional fees of 236,207, salaries and payroll taxes of 204,343, general and administrative expense of 14,306 and selling expenses
of 24,627, reduced by a decrease in software development expenses of 19,615. 

Operating loss was 1,185,156 for the year ended September
30, 2022, as compared to 661,140 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The increase of 524,016 was largely attributable to an increase
in professional fees, salaries, payroll taxes, selling expenses and a decrease in revenues. 

Other expenses for year ended September 30, 2022 were
 290,209, as compared to 14,544 for the year ended September 30, 2021. The increase of 275,665 was attributable to amortization debt
discount of 677,561 and an increase in interest expenses of 58,097, offset by a gain on PPP loan forgiveness of 24,148 and gain on
change in fair value of derivative liability of 435,188. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources: 

The following table provides selected financial
data about our Company as of September 30,2022 and 2021. 

Working Capital 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Cash 
 127,109 
 9,774 
 117,335 

Current assets 
 143,689 
 31,229 
 112,460 
 
 Current liabilities 
 1,100,139 
 229,228 
 870,910 
 
 Working capital (deficiency) 
 (956,450 
 (197,999 
 (758,450 

As of September 30, 2022, and September 30, 2021,
our total current assets were 143,689 and 31,229 which were comprised of 127,109 and 9,774 in cash, 6,082 and 21,455 in accounts
receivable and 10,498 and 0 in prepaid expenses, respectively. 

13 

As of September 30, 2022, our current liabilities
were 1,100,139 which were comprised of 198,065 in accounts payable, 29,044 in accrued liabilities, 5,840 in SBA loan, 2,101 in deferred
revenue, 750,000 in convertible notes payable, 115,009 in derivative liability and 80 in due to related party. As of September 30,
2021, our current liabilities were 229,228 which were comprised of 132,696 in accounts payable, 29,386 in accrued liabilities, 29,878
in SBA and PPP loans, 7,268 in due to related party and 30,000 in convertible note-related parties. 

As of September 30, 2022, and September 30, 2021,
our working capital deficiency was 956,450 and 197,999, respectively. 

Cash Flow Data: 

Years Ended 

September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (827,611 
 (239,767 
 (587,844 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (87,504 
 
 (87,504 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 1,032,450 
 220,566 
 811,884 
 
 Net Change in Cash for period 
 117,335 
 (19,201 
 136,536 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, we
did not generate positive cash flows from operating activities. For the year ended September 30, 2022, net cash flows used in operating
activities was 827,611, consisting of a net loss of 1,475,365, reduced by stock-based compensation expenses of 288,461, amortization
debt discount of 677,561, depreciation of 8,436, a change in operating assets and liabilities of 132,632 and increased by gain
on PPP loan forgiveness of 24,148 and gain on change in fair value of derivative liability of 435,188. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2021, we
did not generate positive cash flows from operating activities. For the year end September 30, 2021, net cash flows used in operating
activities was 239,767, consisting of a net loss of 675,684, reduced by an increase in stock -based compensation expenses of 403,847
and a change in operating assets and liabilities of 32,070. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
generated cash of 70,360 from the acquisition of a subsidiary and purchased three vehicles for 157,864. 

The Company did not use any funds for investing activities
during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
generated 1,125,000 from the issuance of convertible notes and 36,200 from an SBA loan, offset by 128,750 of debt issuance costs. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company
generated 150,000 from issuance of convertible notes, 65,000 from related party convertible debt and 5,566 contribution from related
party as additional paid-in-capital. 

Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2022, the Company had a net loss
of 1,475,365, accumulated deficit of 2,380,759 and did not have sufficient cash on hand to cover expenses for the next twelve (12) months.
The Company intends to convert its convertible debt into common stock and to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which
may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending September 30, 2023. 

14 

The ability of our Company to emerge from the development
stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of our business plan.
In response to these requirements, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates 

Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), which require
management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes. We believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following: 

Revenue Recognition 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Income Taxes 

Financial Instruments 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

While our estimates and assumptions
are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these
estimates and assumptions. For a discussion of the Company s significant accounting policies, refer to Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company s revenue is recognized in
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification( ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, for all periods presented.
The Company, through its DriveItAway online/app-based platform, operates in the retail automotive industry. The Company assists subprime
and deep subprime candidates, with little or no down payment, in purchasing the used vehicle of his/her choice by first starting in an
app based, turnkey rental, through participating franchise and independent car dealers. During the years ended September 30, 2022 and
2021, the Company derived its rental revenue from contract revenue share for rentals between participating franchise and independent car
dealers and individual car rental customers customers ). In conjunction with the rental revenue, the Company generates revenue
by providing driver and vehicle insurance through a third party, included in the rental contract with each customer. 

15 

The Company s performance obligation for rental
revenue is to provide an application to track car rental arrangements and to collect cash from car rental customers and remit those payments
to participating franchise and independent car dealers, net of the Company s revenue share. The car rental arrangements are over
a fixed contracted period; therefore, the Company recognizes revenue ratably during the contract term. The Company s performance
obligation for insurance revenue is to collect insurance fees from the customer and provide the third-party provider payment for the insurance
provided to the customer. The insurance is offered over a fixed contracted period; therefore, the Company recognizes revenue ratably during
the contract term. 

Rental and insurance transactions are prepaid at the
beginning of the rental cycle (typically a one-week rental that has an automatic renewal) with an automatic charge to the customer s
credit card on file through the DIA system. The DIA system then distributes the vehicle owner share (typically 85 of rental revenue)
to the vehicle owner s bank account from the Stripe Account. This amount is shown as a deduction to Revenues Vehicle Owner
Share on the Company s Statements of Operations. The net amount is then transferred from the Company s Stripe Account
to the DIA operating bank account. DIA also distributes insurance amounts due to the third - party insurance provider on a monthly
basis. This amount is shown as a deduction to revenues Driver Dealer Insurance Cost on the Company s Statements
of Operations. 

DIA also generates miscellaneous revenue in a number
of ways. At the end of the rental term, the DIA software system checks for any excess usage and charges, based on the terms of the rental
contract, and will automatically charge a customer s credit card. These charges are recognized when the credit card charge goes
through and recorded as miscellaneous revenue on the Company s Statements of Operations. Additional miscellaneous revenue represents
amounts earned on telematics equipment and telematics software services related to each rental vehicle used to track excess usage and
charges. DIA performance obligation is to provide the equipment to the vehicle owner for self-installation and allow access to the software
throughout the rental term. The Company recognizes revenue when the equipment is delivered to the vehicle owner. Miscellaneous revenue
associated with use of the telematics software is recognized on a monthly basis. 

The Company s Cost of Goods sold consists of
credit card fees incurred from the cash collections and cash remittance process, as a significant portion of its performance obligation
is to collect and remit payments through its credit card processors. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for all
restricted stock awards and stock options. The fair value of restricted stock awards is measured using the grant date fair value of our
stock, as determined by the Board of Directors. The fair value of stock options is estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model, and the portion that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as compensation cost over the requisite service
period. We have elected to recognize compensation expense for all options with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period of the entire option. The determination of fair value using the Black-Scholes pricing model is affected by our stock value as well
as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables, including expected stock price volatility and the risk-free interest
rate. 

16 

Financial
Instruments 

The Company
follows ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which defines fair value as the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value
hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent
sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the
best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels,
which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level
1 

Level
1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2 

Level
2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant
inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level
3 

Level
3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to
the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The carrying
amounts shown of the Company s financial instruments including cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expense, accounts
payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The fair value of an embedded conversion option that
is convertible into a variable amount of shares and warrants that include price protection reset provision features are deemed to be down-round
protection and, therefore, do not meet the scope exception for treatment as a derivative under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging ,
since down-round protection is not an input into the calculation of the fair value of the conversion option and warrants
and cannot be considered indexed to the Company s own stock which is a requirement for the scope exception as outlined
under ASC 815. 

The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments
requires that the Company record embedded conversion options and warrants at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement
and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or
expense for each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments
at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of
the date of the event that caused the reclassification. 

The Black-Scholes option valuation model was used
to estimate the fair value of the embedded conversion options and warrants. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially
affect the fair value estimates. The expected volatility is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time, of our common
stock, equal to the weighted average life of the options. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information
required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The following
audited consolidated financial statements are included in this Annual Report: 

17 

DRIVEITAWAY HOLDINGS, INC. 

INDEX TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and
2021 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 6258) 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Driveitaway Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Driveitaway
Holdings, Inc. as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Driveitaway Holdings, Inc.
as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses
from operations, has a net capital deficiency, and has not established sufficient revenue to cover it operating costs, therefore will
require additional capital to continue operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to DriveItAway Holdings, Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. DriveItAway Holdings, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Business Combination 

During the year under audit the Company entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Share Exchange with a private company that resulted in a change of control and the sale of the Company s former subsidiaries
and operations. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization which required extensive analysis, additional time, and
required subjective auditor judgment. 

In order to audit the Company s reverse recapitalization
we reviewed managements analysis of the transaction, obtained an understanding of all aspects of the transaction, and completed our own
detailed analysis of the accounting literature governing business combinations to ensure the accounting treatment was reasonable and recorded
amounts were accurate. We noted this transaction affected disclosures in the financial statements, as well as multiple audit areas, and
material audit adjustments were required to remove goodwill from the books, properly record liabilities assumed, and to properly state
the Company s additional paid in capital. 

Complex Debt Transaction 

During the year under audit the Company entered into a debt
agreement that contained terms and provisions that were uncommon in practice. Due to the unusual nature of the agreements, ensuring the
accounting for the transaction was challenging and required complex auditor judgment, including a detailed analysis and interpretation
of accounting literature. 

In order to audit the accounting for the debt agreement, we
reviewed managements analysis of the transaction and had to perform a significant amount of research and analysis to gain comfort in the
accounting of the transaction. The detailed analysis performed resulted in material audit adjustments to capture derivative liabilities
and this transaction created a tainted equity environment, thus affecting the accounting for debt and equity instruments entered into
by the Company subsequent. 

/s/ 

We have served as DriveItAway Holdings Inc.'s auditor since 2019. 

January 13, 2023 

F- 1 

DriveItAway Holdings,
Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid website development 

Total current assets 

Vehicles, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

SBA Loan 

PPP Loan 

Deferred revenue 

Due to related party 

Convertible notes payable - related parties 

Convertible note payable 

Derivative liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

SBA Loan - noncurrent 

Convertible note payable noncurrent, net 

Convertible notes payable - related party - noncurrent 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

DriveItAway Holdings,
Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

Years Ended 

September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 

Insurance revenue 

Rental revenue 

Initial fee revenue 

Miscellaneous Revenue 

Vehicle owner share 

Driver and dealer insurance cost 

TOTAL REVENUES 

COST OF GOODS SOLD 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and payroll taxes 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Software development 

Selling expense 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 

Amortization debt discount 

Interest expense 

Interest expense - related parties 

Interest income 

Other income 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DriveItAway Holdings,
Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 Years Ended September 30, 2022, and 2021 

Series A 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance - September 30, 2020 

Stock based compensation 

Related party contributions 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2021 

Stock based compensation 

Preferred stock issued for conversion of debt- related party 

Preferred stock issued for conversion of debt 

Preferred stock issued for exercise of stock option - related party 

Recapitalization 

Common stock and warrant issued in connection with promissory note 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock 

Cancellation of common stock against note receivable 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DriveItAway Holdings,
Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

Years Ended 

September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid website development 

Accounts receivable 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued liabilities - related party 

Net Cash used in Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of subsidiary 

Purchase of vehicles 

Net Cash used in Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from Related Party Convertible Debt 

Proceeds from convertible debt 

Proceeds from the SBA Loan 

Proceeds from contributions from related parties 

Debt issuance costs 

Net Cash provided by Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Non-cash Investing and Financing transactions: 

Preferred stock issued for conversion of debt -related party 

Preferred stock issued for conversion of debt 

Common stock issued in connection with promissory note 

Preferred stock issued for exercise of stock option - related party 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock 

Cancellation of common shares against note receivable 

Recognition of derivative liability as debt discount 

Note receivable exchanged for settlement of accrued wages 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DriveItAway Holdings,
Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 September 30, 2022 and 2021 

shares of Series A Preferred were issued in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of DIA, including DIA shares
issued at closing or shortly thereafter as a result of the exercise or conversion of all outstanding options or convertible notes issued
by DIA. 

Recapitalization 

For financial accounting purposes, this transaction
was treated as a reverse acquisition by DIA and resulted in a recapitalization with DIA being the accounting acquirer and DIA, Inc. as
the acquired company. The consummation of this reverse acquisition resulted in a change of control. Accordingly, the historical financial
statements prior to the acquisition are those of the accounting acquirer, DIA and have been prepared to give retroactive effect to the
reverse acquisition completed on February 24, 2022, and represent the operations of DIA. The consolidated financial statements after the
acquisition date, February 24, 2022, include the balance sheets of both companies at fair value, the historical results of DIA and the
results of the Company from the acquisition date. All share and per share information in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and footnotes has been retroactively restated to reflect the recapitalization. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are
prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP of the United States, applicable to a
going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. During
the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 1,475,365
 and cash used in operating activities of .
As of September 30, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of .
The Company has not established sufficient revenue to cover its operating costs and will require additional capital to continue its
operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern depends on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund
operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease
operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company
will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company includes:
sales of equity instruments; traditional financing, such as loans; and obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders
sufficient to meet its minimum operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful
in accomplishing this plan. 

There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company.
In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance
that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively and did not have cash equivalents. 

. 

Rental and insurance transactions are prepaid at the
beginning of the rental cycle (typically a one-week rental that has an automatic renewal) with an automatic charge to the customer s
credit card on file through the DIA system. The DIA system then distributes the vehicle owner share (typically 85 of rental revenue)
to the vehicle owner s bank account from the Stripe Account. This amount is shown as a deduction to Revenues Vehicle Owner
Share on the Company s Statements of Operations. The net amount is then transferred from the Company s Stripe Account
to the DIA operating bank account. DIA also distributes insurance amounts due to the third - party insurance provider on a monthly
basis. This amount is shown as a deduction to revenues Driver Dealer Insurance Cost on the Company s Statements
of Operations. 

DIA also generates miscellaneous revenue in a number
of ways. At the end of the rental term, the DIA software system checks for any excess usage and charges, based on the terms of the rental
contract, and will automatically charge a customer s credit card. These charges are recognized when the credit card charge goes
through and recorded as miscellaneous revenue on the Company s Statements of Operations. Additional miscellaneous revenue represents
amounts earned on telematics equipment and telematics software services related to each rental vehicle used to track excess usage and
charges. DIA performance obligation is to provide the equipment to the vehicle owner for self-installation and allow access to the software
throughout the rental term. The Company recognizes revenue when the equipment is delivered to the vehicle owner. Miscellaneous revenue
associated with use of the telematics software is recognized on a monthly basis. 

The Company s Cost of Goods sold consists of
credit card fees incurred from the cash collections and cash remittance process, as a significant portion of its performance obligation
is to collect and remit payments through its credit card processors. 

and , respectively. 

Convertible notes 

Warrants 

Total 

, with a maturity date
of September 13, 2022. On October 13 and October 14, 2020, the Company issued Convertible Promissory Notes to Driveitaway, LLC and
Adam Potash, the Company s COO, for each, which mature on October 13 and 14, 2022, respectively. On December 24, 2020,
the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note to Adam Potash, for , which matures on . Each of the notes
bear interest at a rate of per annum. The notes automatically convert into preferred stock of DIA in the event DIA raises
at least by the issuance of preferred stock prior to the maturity dates of the notes (a Qualified Financing ).
In the event DIA enters into a financing that is not a Qualified Financing prior to the maturity dates of the notes, the holders have
the right to convert their notes into the class and series of equity securities offered in the non-Qualified Financing at the offer price
thereof. In the event DIA effects a change of control, the holders have the option of converting their notes into common stock in order
to participate in the change of control or accelerating the maturity date and receiving cash at the time of the change of control. 

At the closing of the Share Exchange on February 24,
2022, the holders of the related party Convertible Promissory Notes agreed to convert all of the principal of and interest of
 due under the notes into shares of DIA common stock, which was automatically converted into shares
of Series A Preferred (see Note 6). 

 During the years
ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense for related parties of 2,296 and 5,379, respectively.
As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest owed to related parties of 0 and 7,268, respectively. 

Advances and Repayments 

In the normal course of business, the Company s management team or their affiliates will make payments
on behalf of the Company or will provide short-term advances to the Company to cover operating expenses. During the year ended September 30,
2022, related parties made payments on the Company s behalf or provided short-term advances to the Company
totaling and the Company made repayments to related parties of . 

As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed related parties and , respectively, for this activity. 

was issued to DriveItAway
Holdings in consideration for the sale of certain subsidiaries as a part of its recapitalization (see Note 6). The note receivable was
unsecured, due on , and was to incur interest at per annum, provided that the payor has the right to
satisfy the note in full by the return of shares of the Company s common stock for cancellation. In May 2022,
the payor under the note receivable satisfied 100,000 due under the note in full by returning shares of the Company s
common stock for cancellation (see Note 6). During the year ended September 30, 2022 the Company offset the remaining due under
the note against accrued wages, therefore as of September 30, 2022 the Note Receivable balance was . 

and recorded depreciation of . 

 shares of common
stock having a par value of per share, and ten million shares of preferred stock having a par value of per
share. All or any part of the capital stock may be issued by the Corporation from time to time and for such consideration and on such
terms as may be determined and fixed by the Board of Directors, without action of the stockholders, as provided by law, unless the Board
of Directors deems it advisable to obtain the advice of the stockholders. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company has authorized one series of preferred
stock, which is known as the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred ). The Board has
authorized the issuance of shares of Series A Preferred. The Series A Preferred Stock has the following rights and
preferences: 

Dividends : The Series A Preferred Stock is
entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends equal to the amount of dividends that the holder of such share would have received if such
share of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the record date of the dividend declared
on the Common Stock. 

Liquidation Preference : 

Voting Rights : 

Voluntary Conversion Rights : 

Mandatory Conversion Right : 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company
issued shares of DIA common stock which was automatically converted into shares of Series A Preferred
at the closing of the Share Exchange on February 24, 2022. The shares were issued to a consulting firm pursuant to one year consulting
agreement and valued at . Stock-based compensation expense related to this issuance for the years ended September 30, 2022 and
2021 was and , respectively, and was included in general and administrative expense . 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
issued shares of DIA common stock which was automatically converted into shares of Series A Preferred
at the closing of the Share Exchange on February 24, 2022. The preferred stock is reflected retroactively for all periods presented. 

shares issued for conversion of debt related party and accrued interest of 

shares issued for conversion of debt and accrued interest of 

shares issued for exercise of stock option - related party as stock-based compensation to related parties of 

On April 20, 2022, holders of shares
of Series A Preferred agreed to convert their Series A Preferred into common stock, which resulted in the issuance of shares
of common stock. On the same date, the board of directors approved a resolution to exercise the Company s right to mandatorily convert
the remaining shares of Series A Preferred into common stock, which resulted in the issuance of an additional shares
of common stock. 

As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company had and shares
of Series A Preferred stock outstanding, respectively. 

Common Stock 

Reorganization 

On February 24, 2022, the Company recognized the equity
of DIA Holdings as part of the reorganization which resulted in the Company recognizing the issuance of shares of
common stock and shares of treasury stock, at a value of 130,381. 

The following table summarizes the assets acquired,
and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date of February 24, 2022: 

Note receivable (Note 4) 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

On February 24, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock valued at for commitment fees in conjunction with the issuance of promissory note of (see Note
8). 

On April 20, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock as a result of the conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, as discussed in more detail above. 

In May 2022, shares were returned
for cancellation to satisfy a note receivable in the amount of (see Note 4). 

As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, the
Company had 
and common
shares issued, respectively. 

Treasury stock 

The Company
records treasury stock at cost. Treasury stock is comprised of shares of common stock purchased by the Company in the secondary market.
As of September 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company had and shares of treasury stock valued at and ,
respectively. 

Stock Options 

On June 12, 2020, DIA s Board of Directors and
its shareholders approved its 2020 Equity Compensation Plan Equity Plan ). The Equity Plan permits DIA to issue awards or
options to the employees, directors, consultants and advisors who provide services to the Company or a subsidiary. Pursuant to the Equity
Plan, shares of DIA s common stock were reserved for issuance. The Equity Plan allows DIA s board or a committee
of the board to issue grants of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock awards, stock units, stock appreciation rights
and other equity-based awards. 

As of September 30, 2021, DIA had stock
options outstanding under the Equity Plan to Messrs. Possumato, CEO, and Potash, COO in equal amounts, of which had vested.
At the closing of the Share Exchange on February 24, 2022, of the stock options had vested and Messrs. Possumato and Potash each
agreed to each exercise their vested stock options issued to them. The options were converted into shares
of DIA common stock, which was automatically converted into shares of Series A Preferred. The balance of the stock options
issued to Messrs. Possumato and Potash were cancelled. The stock options had an exercise price of per share. In lieu of paying
the exercise price in cash, the exercise price was offset against accrued wages of owed to each of Messrs. Possumato and
Potash. 

Also, at the closing of the Share Exchange, DIA s
board cancelled the Equity Plan and all outstanding options were cancelled. 

As of September 30, 2021, DIAH had options
outstanding, of which expired during the year ended September 30, 2022 and were exercised in a cashless exchange for
 common shares. 

Accordingly, as of September 30, 2022 the Company
had no options outstanding. 

Warrants 

On February 24, 2022, in conjunction with the issuance
of a promissory note of , the Company issued warrants for per share. The transaction led to no
explicit limit to the number of shares to be delivered upon future settlement of the conversion options (see Note 8), therefore the warrants
qualified for derivative accounting and were assigned a value of which was recorded as a derivative liability and debt discount.
The warrants expire on . 

In June 2022, in conjunction with a private offering
and the issuance of secured promissory notes of (see Note 8), the Company issued warrants for per
share, which also qualified for derivative accounting and were assigned a value of which was recorded as a derivative liability
and debt discount. The warrants expire in June 2027. 

All warrants issued were valued using the Black-Scholes
pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires six basic data inputs: the exercise or strike price, time to expiration, the risk-free
interest rate, the current stock price, the estimated volatility of the stock price in the future, and the dividend rate. Changes to these
inputs could produce a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement (see Note 9). 

A summary of warrant activity during the year ended
September 30, 2022 is as follows: 

Exercised 

Expired 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

The intrinsic
value of the warrants as of September 30, 2022, is . All of the outstanding warrants are exercisable as of September 30, 2022. 

, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the
 PPP under Division A, Title I of the CARES Act, which was enacted March 27, 2020. The Loan, which was in the form of a
Note dated May 9, 2020 was to mature on and bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing
seven months from the date of the note, unless forgiven in whole or part in accordance with the CARES Act. The Note may have been prepaid
by the Borrower at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. In order to qualify for forgiveness under the CARES Act, funds
from the Loan could only be used for payroll costs, cost used to continue group health care benefits, mortgage payments, rent, utilities
and interest on other debt obligations incurred before February 15, 2020 qualifying expenses ). The Company used the entire
Loan amount for qualifying expenses, therefore, in December 2021, the PPP Loan of and accrued interest of were
forgiven and recognized as other income. During the year ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of 
and , respectively. 

SBA Loan 

On June 3, 2020, the Company entered into a SBA Loan
for at a rate of . On August 12, 2021 the loan increased to 114,700 and the Company obtained on
October 8, 2021. The SBA Loan requires payments starting 30 months from the initial funding date and matures on . During
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, on the SBA
Loan and as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the accrued interest on the SBA Loan was and , respectively. 

in Convertible
Notes from Knightsgate Ventures II, LP, a third-party lender at a rate of . The loan matures on . 

The Convertible Note automatically converts into preferred
stock of DIA in the event DIA raised at least by the issuance of preferred stock prior to the maturity date of the Convertible
Note (a Qualified Financing ), in which case the conversion price is equal to the lesser of (i) 90 of the price paid by
investors in the Qualified Financing or (ii) the price obtained by dividing 6,000,000 by the Company s fully diluted shares outstanding
immediately prior to conversion (the Cap Price ). In the event DIA had not entered into a Qualified Financing prior to the
maturity date, the Convertible Note is convertible at the option of the holder into DIA common stock on the Maturity Date at a price per
share equal to the Cap Price. In the event DIA effects a change of control, the holder has the option of converting the Convertible Note
into DIA s common stock at a price per share equal to the Cap Price or accelerating the maturity date and receiving cash at the
time of the change of control. 

Effective February 24, 2022, principal of 
and accrued interest of was converted into shares of DIA s common stock, which was automatically converted into 
shares of the Company s Series A Preferred stock in accordance with the Share Exchange Agreement (see Note 6), resulting in owed
to the lender as of September 30, 2022. 

During the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded interest expense for the note of and , respectively. 

Individual Investor Notes 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, DIA issued
an aggregate of five convertible notes to five investors, each for . The notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, mature
on , and are convertible into DIA s common stock on the same basis that is described for the Convertible Note
issued to Knightsgate Ventures II, LP on April 1, 2021, as described above. During the year ended September 30, 2022 the Company recorded
interest expense of on the notes. 

In March 2022, the holders of all of the convertible
notes issued to unrelated investors agreed to convert their notes of and accrued interest of into shares
of DIA s common stock, each of which was automatically converted into one share of Series A Preferred stock in accordance with the
Share Exchange Agreement (see Note 6), resulting in owed to the investors as of September 30, 2022. 

AJB Capital Investments, LLC Note 

Effective February 24, 2022,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with AJB Capital Investments, LLC AJB ),
and issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of (the AJB Note to AJB in a private transaction for
a purchase price of (after giving effect to a 10 original issue discount). In connection with the sale of the AJB Note,
the Company also paid in certain fees and due diligence costs of AJB and brokerage fees to J.H. Darbie Co., a registered
broker-dealer. After payment of the fees and costs, the net proceeds to the Company were , which will be used for working capital
and other general corporate purposes. 

The maturity date of the
AJB Note was extended to . The AJB Note bears interest at per annum for the original note s period
and 12 per annum for extension period which was started from August 24, 2022, and it is payable on the first of each month beginning
April 1, 2022. The Company may prepay the AJB Note at any time without penalty. 

The note is convertible into Common Stock of the Company
at any time that the note is in default, provided that at no time may the note be convertible into an amount of common stock that would
result in the holder having beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock, as determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The conversion price equals the lowest
trading price during either the 20 days trading days prior to the date of conversion or the 20 trading days prior to the date of issuance
of the note (which was 0.14 per share). The conversion is subject to reduction in the following situations: (i) a 10 discount will apply
anytime a conversion occurs when the company is not eligible to deliver the shares by DWAC; (ii) a 15 discount will apply whenever the
shares are chilled for deposit into the DTC system; (iii) a 15 discount will apply if the Company s common stock
ceases to be registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act; (iv) a 15 discount will apply if the note cannot be converted into free
trading shares 181 days after its issue date; (v) in the event any other party has the right to convert debt into Common Stock at a greater
discount to market than under the note, then the holder has the right to utilize such discount in determining the conversion price; or
(vi) if the Company issues any shares of Common Stock for less than the conversion price in effect on the date of issuance, including
any options, warrants or securities convertible into Common Stock at price less than the conversion price, then the conversion price shall
be automatically reduced to the amount of consideration received by the company for such shares, except for any issuance that is an exempt
issuance. 

Also pursuant to the SPA,
the Company was to pay AJB a commitment fee of , payable in the form of unregistered shares of the Company s
common stock (the Commitment Fee Shares which were issued at note inception. If, after the sixth month anniversary of closing
and before the thirty-sixth month anniversary of closing, AJB has been unable to sell the Commitment Fee Shares for , then the
Company may be required to issue additional shares or pay cash in the amount of the shortfall. However, if the Company pays the AJB Note
off on or before its maturity date, then the Company may redeem of the Commitment Fee Shares for one dollar and the
amount of the commitment fee will be reduced to . On issuance of the note, the Company determined that the guarantee on the commitment
fee was a make-whole provision and an embedded derivative within the host instrument. The guarantee was bifurcated from the host instrument
and recorded as a derivative liability valued at using a Black-Scholes option pricing model (see Note 9). 

Pursuant to the SPA, the
Company also issued to AJB common stock purchase warrants (the warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock for per share, which was assigned a value of 107,283 that was recorded as derivative liability. The warrants
expire on . The warrants also include various covenants of the Company for the benefit of the warrant holder and
includes a beneficial ownership limitation on the holder that, in certain circumstances, may serve to restrict the holder s right
to exercise the warrants. 

After
recording the derivative liabilities associated with the SPA, the Company allocated the net proceeds to the 
common shares issued and the note itself based on their relative fair market values, resulting in the common shares being
assigned a value of 
(see Note 6). The allocation of the financing costs of ,
the derivative for the guarantee of ,
the derivative for the warrant of ,
and issuance of the 
Commitment Fee shares of ,
to the debt component resulted in a debt
discount that is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the AJB Note. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
recorded interest expense of , amortization of debt discount of , a gain on change in fair value of derivative liability
of for the guarantee and warrants and repaid of interest. As of September 30, 2022, the derivative liability was
 and the debt discount recorded on the note was 0, resulting in a note payable balance of . As of September 30, 2022,
the Company owes unpaid interest of . 

Secured Convertible Notes 

In June 2022,
the Company s board of directors approved an offering of up to Units at per Unit in a private offering.
Each Unit consists of a Secured Convertible Note with an original principal balance of and one warrant to purchase Common
Stock for every 2 invested in the offering. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and expire five years
from the date of issuance (see Note 7). Each Secured Convertible Note bears interest at per annum, matures two years after
the date of issuance, and is convertible at the option of the holder into common stock at per share. Pursuant to a security
agreement between the Company and investors in the Unit offering, and the subscription agreements executed by the Company and the investors,
the Secured Convertible Notes are secured by lien on two existing electric vehicles that were owned by the Company at the time of the
commencement of the offering, and eight additional electric vehicles that will be purchased with the proceeds of the offering, assuming
all 10 Units are sold in the offering. The Company also granted subscribers in the Unit offering piggyback registration rights with respect
to any shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Secured Convertible Notes or upon exercise of the warrants issued in the
Unit offering. 

During June
2022, the Company sold a total of worth of Units to two accredited investors, which resulted in the issuance of two secured
promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of for cash proceeds of , and the issuance of warrants.
 The conversion option embedded in the notes was bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability resulting in the Company
recording a debt discount and derivative liability of . The allocation of
the warrant to the debt component resulted in the Company recording a debt discount and derivative liability of . The total debt
discount of is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Note. 

During the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company
recorded interest expense of , and amortization of debt discount of . As of September 30, 2022, the debt discount recorded
on the note was , resulting in a note payable balance of . As of September 30, 2022, the Company owed accrued interest of . 

- years 
 
 Expected average volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

At September 30, 2022, the estimated fair values of the liabilities measured
on a recurring basis are as follows (level 3): 

The following table summarizes the changes in the
derivative liabilities during the year ended September 30, 2022: 

Gain on change in fair value of the derivative 

Derivative liability balance - September 30, 2022 

to the income tax amount recorded as of September
30, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Accrued payroll 

Allowance for bad debt 

Charitable contributions 

Stock-based compensation 

Foreign tax credit 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

ASC 606 adjustment 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The income tax provision differs from the amount
of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021, due to the following: 

Depreciation 

Meals and entertainment 

Related party accruals 

Accrued payroll 

Stock-based compensation 

Interest expense 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision 

The net operating losses NOLs carry
forwards are subject to certain limitations due to the change in control of the Company pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382.
The Company experienced a change in control for tax purposes in February 24, 2022. Due to change of control, the Company estimates not
being able to carryover approximately of NOL generated before February 24, 2022 to offset future income. 

At September 30, 2022, the Company had approximately
 
 of net operating loss carryforwards that may be offset against future taxable
income. No tax benefit has been reported in the September 30, 2022 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is
offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. Tax returns for the years ended 2019 and forward are subject to review by the tax
authorities. 

and issue 
restricted shares of common stock. 

On October 31, 2022, the Company and AJB Capital Investments,
LLC entered into a first amendment to SPA (see Note 8). Pursuant to terms in first amendment, the Company agreed to issue to AJB an additional
 Commitment Fee Shares. According to first amendment, if the Company pays the AJB Note off on or before its maturity date, then
the Company may redeem of the Commitment Fee Shares for one dollar and the amount of the commitment fee will be reduced
from the original to . 

On November 15, 2022, the Company issued 15 secured convertible note of
 with warrants each to two investors. 

F- 18 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer concluded that in light of the material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of September 30, 2022. See material weaknesses discussed below in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. 

(b) 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Our internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and
expenditure are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As of September 30, 2022, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management concluded that our internal controls over financial
reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2022 due to the following identified material weaknesses: 

Our control environment is inadequate. We have no risk assessment procedures, no formal information or communication process, and no monitoring activities in place. Additionally, we lack policies that require formal written approval for related party transactions. 

We have not established and/or maintained adequately designed internal controls in order to prevent or detect and correct material misstatements to the financial statements. We do not have controls in place to prevent individuals from manipulating financial data or entering inaccurate data into the accounting software, and there are no controls over the financial reporting close process. Additionally, we lack segregation of duties and review procedures to ensure our financial data is accurate. 

We lack the necessary accounting resources with sufficient SEC reporting experience, US GAAP knowledge and accounting experience. We also lack the resources to properly account for complex debt and equity transactions and are unable to analyze such transactions timely or in sufficient detail. 

Management believes that despite our material weaknesses,
our consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance
with GAAP. 

(c) 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

18 

Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls 

Management, including our Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are no resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgements in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
more people or by management override of the controls. 

Attestation Report
of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank
Act that permanently exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers and their ages
at the date of this filing are listed in the following table: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 John Possumato 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Adam Potash 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Paul Patrizio 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Mike Elkin 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

John Possumato is
a noted consultant, author and speaker in the automotive industry, and is the Founder and CEO of DIA since 2018. A serial entrepreneur
and a franchise car dealership owner veteran, Possumato has over 35 years of leadership experience fostering and growing start-up companies.
Also known by vehicle manufacturers, Possumato helped create the dealer focused commercial fleet programs for Ford, General Motors, and
Jaguar. Possumato conceived of DriveItAway in 2017, while at Automotive Mobile Solutions LLC, a technology company he founded and led
as CEO in 2012, to adapt new mobile marketing innovations to automotive retailers. He is also an attorney, a graduate of the Law School
at the University of Pennsylvania (J.D.) and the Wharton School of Business (B.S.), is a member of the Bar of the State of Pennsylvania,
was a Wharton School Entrepreneur in Residence, University City Science Center OnRamp Founder in Residence, a founding Board member of
the International Automotive Remarketers Alliance, and past Counsel to the Board of Directors of the Automotive Fleet and Leasing Association.
He most recently helped create the Drive For Freedom Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit created to alleviate the Poverty of the
Carless. 

Adam Potash began
his career in a start-up engaging in passenger transportation and has been involved in mobility-based start-ups ever since. In 2011, he
founded and became CEO of Minds Eye Innovations, which provided ride sharing software to taxi companies to compete against Uber
and Lyft. He grew the company to service over 70 taxi companies processing 10,000+ orders per day. Mr. Potash later joined a ride share
start-up called Leap that was assembled by former management members of Gett Taxi (3 rd largest ride share company in NYC)
and became the CTO helping the team bring to market a new ride share concept. In 2019, Potash became COO of DIA, helping DIA launch its
 Pay As You Go car ownership program, where he continues to lead product development and operations. He is a graduate of
Villanova University. 

19 

Paul Patrizio has
been a corporate attorney, an investment banker, a venture capitalist, and a corporate executive, for both public and private companies
over his more than 35-year career. Since 2015, he has been the Managing Partner of Apogee Partners LLC, a private investment company with
equity interests in a diverse set of growth companies. He is also a Senior Partner at Patrizio O Leary LLP, a law firm in
Princeton, NJ that specializes in representing both public and private companies as well as their investors in corporate transactions
and general business matters. Mr. Patrizio has been a director of numerous public and private companies and from 2018-2020 was also Chairman
and CEO of Arista Financial Corp., a publicly traded truck leasing company that ceased its operations due to the Covid crisis. Mr. Patrizio
holds an L.L.M. in Corporation Law from N.Y.U. Law School, J.D. from New York Law School, an MBA in Finance from Pace University, and
a B.A from St. Michael s College and is admitted to practice law in New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. 

Mike Elkin became the Company s Chief
Financial Officer on October 1, 2020. Mr. Elkin has over 20 years of experience as a controller and financial manager. His experience
includes providing financial and accounting advice to REIT s, non-profits and turnaround situations in the manufacturing, distribution
and service company sectors. Since 2017, Mr. Elkin has served as the controller for a private Real Estate Investment Trust REIT ).
From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Elkin operated a consulting business in which he served as part-time controller or chief financial officer for
various private businesses. Mr. Elkin has a B.S. Degree in Accounting from the University of Florida, a Masters Degree in Accounting from
Nova Southeastern University, and a Masters Degree in Finance from Florida International University. Mr. Elkin has been recognized by
the Jacksonville Business Journal as CFO of the year. He was also honored by the Jacksonville Jewish Journal for Social Action Work in
the community. 

None of the directors and executive officers has been
involved in any legal proceedings as listed in Regulation S-K, Item 401(f). 

Term of Office 

Our directors are appointed
for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance
with our Bylaws and the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our directors hold office after the expiration of his or her
term until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her resignation, death or removal in accordance with our Bylaws
or the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Our officers are appointed
by our board of directors and hold office until removed by our board of directors at any time for any reason. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between or among any of our directors or executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has
reviewed the independence of our directors and has determined that no director qualifies as an independent director pursuant to Rule 5605(a)(2)
of Nasdaq and applicable SEC rules and regulations. In making this determination, our board of directors considered the relationships
that each of our directors has with us and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their
independence. Paul Patrizio, director, is a Partner of the law firm Patrizio O Leary. The law firm serves as the Company s
corporate and general counsel. 

Board Committees 

Our board of directors has
no separately designated committees and our board members carry out the functions of both an audit committee and a compensation committee.
We do not have an audit committee financial expert serving on our board of directors. Due to our limited financial resources, we are not
in a position to retain an independent director with the qualifications to serve as an audit committee financial expert at this time. 

20 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The Board has
determined that it does not have an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC rules. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company
has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its principal executive, financial and accounting officers and persons performing similar functions,
as well as all directors and employees of the Company. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors,
executive officer and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial
reports of ownership and reports or changes in ownership of such equity securities. Such persons are also required to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based upon a review of the copies of the forms furnished to us and written representations
from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during the year ended September 30, 2022, none of our executive officers, directors or
beneficial owners of more than 10 of any class of registered equity security failed to file on a timely basis any such report. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following identifies the elements of compensation
for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021 with respect to our named executive officers, which term is defined by Item 402 of the
SEC s Regulation S-K to include (i) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer at any time during fiscal year 2021,
(ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers
at September 30, 2022 and whose total compensation (excluding nonqualified deferred compensation earnings) exceeded 100,000, and (iii)
up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to the foregoing item (ii) but for the fact that
the individual was not serving as an executive officer of the Company at September 30, 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Stock 
 
 All Other 

Fiscal 

Compensation 
 
 Compensation 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Total 
 
 John Possumato 

2022 

61,000 

61,000 

Chief Executive Officer (1) 

2021 

N/A 

N/A 

Adam Potash 

2022 

61,000 

61,000 

Chief Operating Officer (2) 

2021 

N/A 

N/A 

Mike Elkin 

2022 

48,000 

48,000 

Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

48,000 

48,000 

Rod K. Whiton 

2021 

100,000 

100,000 

President (3) 

2022 

41,666 

41,666 

Christopher Rego 

2021 

100,000 

100,000 

CEO (4) 

2022 

60,000 

60,000 

21 

1) On February
 24, 2022, John Possumato was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 2) On February
 24, 2022, Adam Potash was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the Company 
 
 3) On February
 24, 2022, Rod Whiton resigned as President of the Company 
 
 4) On February
24, 2022, Christopher Rego resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

Narrative Disclosure
of Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to Our Risk Management 

We believe that our compensation
policies and practices for all employees and other individual service providers, including executive officers, do not create risks that
are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal
Year-End 

None of the named executive officers have any unvested
equity awards or unexercised options in the Company as of September 30, 2022. 

Employee Benefit Plans and Pension Benefits 

The Company does not provide its officers or employees
with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive or other plans. The Company does not have a defined benefit, pension or profit-sharing
plan. 

Director Compensation 

Our Board does not
have a current compensation policy for its directors. However, we reimburse our directors for reasonable travel and other related
expenses. None of our directors received any director compensation during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of January 9, 2023,
certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person known by us to own beneficially five
percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of each class, (ii) each of our directors and named executive officers, and (iii) all
of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

The number of shares beneficially owned by each 5 
stockholder, director or executive officer is determined under the rules of the Securities Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the
information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under those rules, beneficial ownership includes
any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares that the individual
or entity has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right, or the conversion
of any security. Unless otherwise indicated, each person or entity has sole voting and investment power (or shares such power with his
or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion in the table below of any shares deemed beneficially
owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. 

22 

Name
and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Commons Shares of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 5 Beneficial Owners: 

None 

Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

John Possumato (3) 

35,026,690 
 (3) 

32.87 

Adam Potash (4) 

36,591,099 
 (4) 

34.34 

Paul Patrizio (5) 

10,184,913 
 (5) 

9.55 

All Officers and Directors as a Group 

81,802,702 

76.76 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o DriveItAway Holdings,
Inc. 3201 Market Street, Suite 200/201, Philadelphia, PA 10104. 

 (2)
 Applicable percentages are based on 106,551,722 shares of our common stock outstanding
as of January 9, 2023. 

(3) Includes
34,993,018 common shares owned by Driveitaway, LLC. John Possumato, has investing and dispositive power of shares beneficially owned by
Driveitaway, LLC. 

(4) 
Includes 33,949,710 common shares owned by Minds Eye Innovation, Inc. Adam Potash has investing and dispositive power of shares beneficially
owned by Minds Eye Innovation, Inc. 

(5) All
10,184,913 common shares are owned by AEP Holdings, LLC. Paul Patrizio has investing and dispositive power of shares beneficially owned
by AEP Holdings, LLC. 

Equity Compensation Plan 

The Company does not have an equity compensation
plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

Related Party Convertible Notes Payable 

On September 13, 2019, the Company issued a Convertible
Promissory Note to Driveitaway, LLC, a company controlled by John Possumato, the Company s CEO, for 30,000, with a maturity date
of September 13, 2022. On October 13 and October 14, 2020, the Company issued Convertible Promissory Notes to Driveitaway, LLC and
Adam Potash, the Company s COO, for 25,000 each, which mature on October 13 and 14, 2022, respectively. On December 24, 2020,
the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note to Adam Potash, for 15,000, which matures on December 24, 2022. Each of the notes
bear interest at a rate of 6 per annum. The notes automatically convert into preferred stock of DIA in the event DIA raises
at least 1,000,000 by the issuance of preferred stock prior to the maturity dates of the notes (a Qualified Financing ).
In the event DIA enters into a financing that is not a Qualified Financing prior to the maturity dates of the notes, the holders have
the right to convert their notes into the class and series of equity securities offered in the non-Qualified Financing at the offer price
thereof. In the event DIA effects a change of control, the holders have the option of converting their notes into common stock in order
to participate in the change of control or accelerating the maturity date and receiving cash at the time of the change of control. 

23 

At the closing of the Share Exchange on February 24,
2022, the holders of the related party Convertible Promissory Notes agreed to convert all of the principal and interest of 104,564 due
under the notes into 52,284 shares of DIA common stock, which was automatically converted into 52,284 shares of Series
A Preferred. 

During the years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021,
the Company recorded interest expense for related parties of 2,296 and 5,379, respectively. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had accrued interest owed to related parties of 0 and 7,268, respectively. 

Advances and Repayments 

In the normal course of business, the Company s
management team or their affiliates will make payments on behalf of the Company or will provide short-term advances to the Company to
cover operating expenses. During the year ended September 30, 2022, related parties made payments on the Company s behalf or provided
short-term advances to the Company totaling 3,435 and the Company made repayments to related parties of 3,355. As of September 30, 2022
and 2021, the Company owed related parties 80 and 0, respectively, for this activity. 

Director Independence 

Our current Board consists of John Possumato, Adam
Potash and Paul Patrizio. Our common stock is currently quoted on the over the counter market. Since the over the counter market does
not have its own rules for director independence, we use the definition of independence established by the NASDAQ Stock Market. Under
applicable NASDAQ Stock Market rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director if the director at any time
in the past three years (a) was employed by us, (b) received more than 120,000 in compensation from us, other than for board services,
(c) had a family member who was employed as an executive officer of us, (d) was, or had a family member that was, a partner, controlling
shareholder or executive officer of any organization that received payments for property or services that exceeded the greater of 5 of
the recipient s gross revenues or 200,000, (e) was, or had a family member that was, employed as an executive officer of another
entity during the past three years where any of the executive officers of us serve on the compensation committee, or (f) was, or had a
family member that was, a partner in our auditor at any time in the past three years. At this time, we have determined that we have no
independent directors. 

The Board does not currently have any committees.
The Board has approved the formation of an Audit Committee, and an Audit Committee charter, but no members currently serve on the Audit
Committee. The independent directors perform the functions of the Audit Committee. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table presents fees for professional
services provided by MAC Accounting Group LLP for the years September 30, 2021 and 2022, respectively: 

The following table shows the fees billed aggregate to the Company for
the periods shown: 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 72,500 
 81,250 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total Fees 
 72,500 
 81,250 

(1) 
 Audit Fees. Audit services include work performed for the audit of our financial statements and the review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports, as well as work that is normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 
 
 (2) 
 Audit-related services . Audit-related services are for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not covered above under audit services. 
 
 (3) 
 Tax services . Tax services include all services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm s tax personnel for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 
 
 (4) 
 All other Fees . All other fees are those services and/or travel expenses not described in the other categories. The SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved by our audit committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee s responsibilities to management. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

We do not have an audit committee. Our Board
pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees during
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 were reviewed and approved by our Board before the respective services were
rendered. 

24 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Exhibits 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibits 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 8, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2, File No. 333-1459990) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2, File No. 333-145999) 

3.3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated December 6, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 6, 2019) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Rights and Preferences of Series A Convertible Stock, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 2, 2022) 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on April 29, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Promissory Note issued by the Company to ABJ Capital Investments, LLC, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued by the Company to ABJ Capital Investments, LLC, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note, dated June 30, 2022 (2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on July 7, 2022) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 30, 2022 (2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on July 7, 2022) 

25 

4.5 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note, dated November 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on November 21, 2022) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated November 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on November 21, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Virtual Membership Agreement (Lease) by and between the Company and The Innovation Center, dated March 22, 2022 

10.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange, dated December 7, 2021 by and among the Company, Driveitaway, Inc. and the shareholders of Driveitaway, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Sale Agreement, dated December 7, 2021 by and between the Company and StroomX, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 7, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and AJB Capital Investments LLC, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 First Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and AJB Capital Investments LLV, dated February 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated June 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on July 7, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Security Agreement, dated June 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on July 7, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on July 7, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated November 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on November 21, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Security Agreement, dated November 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on November 21, 2022) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Piggy Rights Registration Agreement, dated November 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed on November 21, 2022) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015) 

26 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL). 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DRIVEITAWAY HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Possumato 

John Possumato, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mike Elkin 

Mike Elkin, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Possumato 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 John Possumato 

/s/ Adam Potash 
 
 Director and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 January13, 2023 
 
 Adam Potash 

/s/ Paul Patrizio 
 
 Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Paul Patrizio 

/s/ Mike Elkin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Mike Elkin 

28 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 e4345_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 e4345_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF DRIVEITAWAY HOLDINGS, INC 

DriveItAway, Inc. Incorporated in Delaware. Wholly-owned subsidiary 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e4345_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, John Possumato, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DriveItAway, Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Possumato 

John Possumato 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e4345_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mike Elkin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of DriveItAway Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mike Elkin 

Mike Elkin 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 e4345_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DriveItAway
Holdings, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), John Possumato, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ John Possumato 

John Possumato 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 e4345_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DriveItAway
Holdings, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Mike Elkin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mike Elkin 

Mike Elkin 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 clcn-20220930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 clcn-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 clcn-20220930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 clcn-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

