<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1295514_0001493152-23-009080.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1987858</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115752</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>437778</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>514617</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>394343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>480557</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009080.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327160553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MDWerks, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001295514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				331095411
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56299
		FILM NUMBER:		23764570

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 WALNUT STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 20125
		CITY:			GREEN COVE SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(252) 501-0019

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 WALNUT STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 20125
		CITY:			GREEN COVE SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDwerks, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN EXPLORATION INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009080.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transaction period from ___________ to __________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing
sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 was approximately . 

As
of March 24, 2023 the Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

MDWERKS,
INC. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 11 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 12 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 12 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 12 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 14 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 16 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 18 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTION, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENCE 
 21 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 22 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 22 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 22 

2 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Various
statements contained in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as believe, 
 expect, may, will, should, seek, plan, intend 
or anticipate or the negative thereof or comparable terminology, or by discussion of strategy. Forward-looking statements
represent as of the date of this report our judgment relating to, among other things, future results of operations, growth plans, sales,
capital requirements and general industry and business conditions applicable to us. Such forward-looking statements are based largely
on our current expectations and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those
that are anticipated or projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, a number of factors,
such as: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally
accepted accounting principles and the other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

These
factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on future results.
Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic reports required to be filed by public companies with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC pursuant to the SEC s rules, we have no duty to update these statements, and we undertake no obligation
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light
of these risks and uncertainties, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking information contained in this report will in fact transpire. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context requires or is otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, 
 our, the Registrant, the Company, our company and similar expressions means MDwerks,
Inc. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

MDwerks,
Inc., a Delaware corporation MDwerks , the Company, we , us or our is
a public shell company seeking to create value for its shareholders by merging with another entity with experienced management and opportunities
for growth in return for shares of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022,
relates to our focus on effecting a reverse merger, capital exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more unrelated businesses (the Business Combination that would benefit
from our public reporting status. In addition, we completed a change of control transaction on July 21, 2022 (the Change of Control as discussed below. See Item 1. Business Recent Developments - Change of Control. In furtherance of our plans to consummate a
Business Combination, on January 19, 2023 we entered into an Exchange Agreement to acquire RF Specialties LLC RFS and
on February 13, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement to acquire Two Trees Beverage Co. Two Trees discussed below
(collectively, the Planned Acquisitions ). See Item 1. Business Recent Developments RF Specialties, Inc.
and Item 1. Business Recent Developments Two Trees. 

RFS is engaged in the business of developing sustainable radio frequency (RF) applications, and for over 12 years, has addressed the challenges
faced by companies by implementing automated radio frequency technology. RFS has developed a system and method for the rapid aging of
distilled spirits with RF energy that reduces energy and production costs thus increasing the speed to market for distilled beverages
when compared to traditional technologies. 

Two Trees is engaged in the business of producing aged alcoholic beverages by using a proprietary, scalable, and sustainable rapid-aging
system. 

We expect to complete the Planned Acquisitions once all closing conditions discussed below have been met. 

All
activity through the date of this report relates to preserving cash, making settlements with creditors, attempting to raise capital,
and continuing the Company s public reporting and efforts to complete the Change of Control and Planned Acquisitions. 

History
of the Company 

We
were organized and incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 22, 2003 under the name Western Exploration, Inc. as a resource exploration
stage company. In November 2005, we ceased operations as a resource exploration company due to inadequate financing. On November 16,
2005, Western Exploration, Inc. engaged in a merger with MDwerks Global Holdings, Inc. and MDwerks Acquisition Corp., a Florida corporation Acquisition Corp. ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Western Exploration, Inc., with MDwerks Global Holdings,
Inc. surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Western Exploration, Inc. Upon the closing of the Merger, we changed our corporate name
from Western Exploration, Inc. to MDwerks, Inc. and succeeded to the business
of MDwerks Global Holdings, Inc. as our sole line of business under the direction of MDwerks Global Holdings, Inc. s management.
On February 12, 2010, MDwerks, Inc. ceased all operations. On or about June 23, 2021, we began the process of seeking to create value
for our shareholders by merging with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of
our common stock and on June 23, 2021 we filed a Registration Statement on Form 10 with the SEC to register our common stock under Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Additional
information on our historical business has been disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 (incorporated
by reference to the Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022 (File No. 000-56299)). 

Recent
Developments 

Change
of Control 

On
July 21, 2022, the Company in connection with the change of control and composition of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA with (i) Tradition Reserve I LLC, a New York limited liability company Buyer and (ii) Ronin Equity Partners, Inc., a Texas corporation Seller ). 

4 

Pursuant
to the SPA, the Seller sold to the Buyer, on July 21, 2022 (the Closing Date free and clear of all liens, 10,000,000 shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 Preferred Stock of the Company, held by the Seller (the Shares ),
representing 100 of the Company s authorized and issued Preferred Stock, as of the Closing Date. In exchange for the sale of the
Shares to Buyer, Buyer paid the Seller a total purchase price of 520,000 (the Purchase Price ). 

Further,
at the closing of the transactions contemplated within the SPA (which include, but are not limited to, the purchases and sales of the
Shares described above) (the Closing ), the parties agreed that as of the Closing: 

a) 
 The
 Forgiven Debt (as defined hereinafter) was forgiven, as well as the Asia Note (as defined hereinafter), and any other loan agreements
 between the Company and Asia Pacific Partners, Inc. APP ), a Florida corporation. The Parties acknowledge and agreed
 that the Company was indebted to APP, an affiliate of the Seller, in the amount of approximately 239,444, comprised of (i) the principal
 amount and accrued interest pursuant to a convertible promissory note dated July 18, 2014 in the amount of 210,000 as originally
 issued by the Company to Azure Associates, Inc. and purchased by APP on July 28th, 2020 (the Asia Note ), and (ii) various
 cash advances for a total of 29,444 as advanced by APP to the Company for working capital (the Asia Cash Advances 
 and, together with any and all amounts that may have been due and payable pursuant to the Asia Note, the Forgiven Debt 

b) 
 The
 Company s Board of Directors was required to undertake such actions as required to: 

(i) 
 Expand
 the Company Board to be a number of persons as determined by Buyer, and to name such persons as selected by Buyer as directors on
 the Company Board; 

(ii) 
 Name
 such persons as selected by Buyer as officers of the Company, to the positions as determined by Buyer; and 

(iii) 
 Following
 (i) and (ii), all of the directors and officers of the Company, other than those named in or pursuant to (i) and (ii) shall resign
 from all such positions with the Company. 

The
Closing was subject to certain customary closing conditions, including, but not limited to, the accuracy of the representations and warranties
made by the parties, all necessary consents having been obtained to effect the transactions, and the receipt of any necessary government
approvals in order to effect the transactions contemplated in the SPA. 

Prior
to the Closing of the SPA, voting control of the Company was held by the Seller, of which Jacob D. Cohen was the primary shareholder,
and held voting and dispositive control over the Shares. 

On
the Closing Date, Buyer purchased the Shares, which both pre- and post-conversion represented approximately 98.23 of the Company s
outstanding voting securities as of the date of the Current Report, resulting in a change in control of the Company. The Company had
previously designated the Preferred Stock so that each share would hold with it conversion rights of one hundred (100) shares of common
stock for every share of Preferred stock held, and that each share of Preferred stock will also hold with it the same number of common
share votes prior to conversion as it would if fully converted to be used in voting on any company matter requiring a vote of shareholders.
At the Closing Date, there were 18,010,208 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Kerry Cassidy is the majority membership unit
holder and Managing Member of the Buyer, and therefore is deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the Company s Shares
held by the Buyer. 

As
a result of the Closing, the Company was no longer a company controlled by the Seller. Prior to the Closing, the Company was a shell
company, and following the Closing, the Company continues to be a shell company. There has been no change in the Company s shell
company status or the Company s operations as a result of the Closing. 

Planned
Acquisitions 

RF
Specialties, Inc. 

On
January 19, 2023, we entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by and between the Company, RFS and Keith
A. Mort as the sole member of RFS. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire from Mr. Mort, and
Mr. Mort agreed to sell to the Company, 100 of the equity interests and membership interests of RFS, in exchange for the issuance by
the Company to Mr. Mort of 7,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange ). Immediately following the
Exchange, RFS will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

5 

The
shares received by Mr. Mort in the Exchange (the Exchange Shares will be subject to a 24-month lock-up; provided, however,
that (i) one-third of the Exchange Shares will be released from the lock-up restrictions on the 12-month anniversary of the closing of
the Exchange, and (ii) one-third of the Exchange Shares will be released from the lock-up restrictions on the 18-month anniversary of
the closing of the Exchange. The remaining one-third of the Exchange Shares will be released from the lock-up restrictions on the 24-month
anniversary of the closing of the Exchange. 

The
parties have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Exchange Agreement. In addition to certain customary closing
conditions, the obligations of the Company to consummate the closing of the Exchange are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the
Company), at or before the closing date, of certain conditions, including that (i) RFS will have provided to the Company audited financial
statements for RFS for each of the two most recently ended fiscal years and unaudited financial statements for any other required interim
periods (the Financial Statements Closing Condition ), and (ii) the Company will have completed its due diligence review
and examination of RFS to its satisfaction in its sole discretion (the Due Diligence Closing Condition ). 

The
Exchange Agreement may be terminated on or prior to the closing date of the Exchange: 

(a) 
 By
 the mutual written consent of all the parties to the Exchange Agreement. 

(b) 
 By
 the Company (i) if the closing conditions applicable to all parties and applicable to the Company as set forth in the Exchange Agreement,
 including the Financial Statements Closing Condition and the Due Diligence Closing Condition, have not been satisfied or waived by
 the Company, which waiver the Company may give or withhold in its sole discretion, by May 31, 2023 (the Termination Date 
 provided, however, that the Company may not terminate the Exchange Agreement if the reason for the failure of any such condition
 to occur was the breach of the terms of the Exchange Agreement by the Company; or (ii) if there has been a material violation, breach
 or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of RFS or Mr. Mort as set forth in the Exchange Agreement; 

(c) 
 By
 RFS and Mr. Mort acting together (i) if the closing conditions applicable to all parties and applicable to RFS and Mr. Mort have
 not been satisfied or waived by RFS and Mr. Mort, which waiver RFS and Mr. Mort may give or withhold in their sole discretion, by
 the Termination Date; provided, however, that RFS and Mr. Mort may not terminate the Exchange Agreement if the reason for the failure
 of any such condition to occur was the breach of the terms of the Exchange Agreement by any of RFS or Mr. Mort; or (ii) if there
 has been a material violation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company as set
 forth in the Exchange Agreement; 

(d) 
 By
 any party to the Exchange Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority shall have issued an order
 or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by the Exchange
 Agreement and such order or action shall have become final and nonappealable; or 

(e) 
 By
 the Company, if the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time prior to the closing of the Exchange determines that its due diligence
 review of RFS is not satisfactory to the Company. 

Two
Trees 

On
February 13, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), by and between the Company, MD-TT Merger
Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Two Trees Beverage Co. Two Trees ).
The Company, Merger Sub and Two Trees may be referred to herein collectively as the Parties and separately as a Party. 

 The
Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, the Parties wish to effect a business
combination through a merger of Merger Sub with and into Two Trees (the Merger ), subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement, with Two Trees continuing as the surviving corporation Surviving Corporation ). As a result
of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation of Two Trees as in effect immediately prior to the closing date will be the certificate
of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, and the bylaws of Two Trees as in effect immediately prior to the closing date will be
the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the closing of the Merger, the Company s Board of Directors (the Company Board will be expanded and a number of persons as named by Two Trees will be named to the Company Board such that such persons comprise a majority
of the Company Board, and the Company Board as such newly constituted will name or replace any officers of the Company as it may determine.
In addition, at the closing of the Merger, the directors and officers of Two Trees as in place immediately prior to the closing will
remain in place as the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation. 

6 

The
Board of Directors of Merger Sub and the Company Board unanimously approved the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including
the Merger, and the Company as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub approved the Merger Agreement and the Merger. 

In
consideration of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each of the holders of Two Trees stock, subject to certain
exceptions set forth in the Merger Agreement, shall have the right to convert all of the shares of Two Trees stock into a total of 60,000,000
shares of Company common stock, which shall be apportioned between the Two Trees stockholders, pro rata, based on the number of shares
of Two Trees stock held by each of the Two Trees stockholders as of the closing of the Merger (the Merger Consideration ). 

Under
the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Two Trees, subject
to certain exceptions set forth in the Merger Agreement, shall be converted into shares of the Company s common stock. 

At
the effective time of the Merger, shares of Two Tree s common stock generally will be treated in the following manner: 

(1)
 Any shares of Two Trees common stock held as treasury stock or held or owned by Two Trees or Merger Sub immediately prior to the
 effective time of the Merger will be canceled and retired and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be delivered in exchange
 therefor; and (2) each share of Two Trees common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, excluding
 shares to be canceled pursuant to (1) herein and excluding shares of Two Trees common stock who have exercised and perfected appraisal
 rights for such shares in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, will be automatically converted solely into the right
 to receive a number of shares of Company common stock equal to those set forth in the Merger Consideration. 

No
 fractional shares of Company common stock will be issued in connection with the Merger and any fractional share otherwise issuable
 to any Two Trees stockholder will be rounded up to the next whole share. 

Each
 share of common stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be converted
 into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the
 Surviving Corporation. Each stock certificate of Merger Sub evidencing ownership of any such shares will, as of the effective time
 of the Merger, evidence shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation. 

According
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company common stock issued at the closing of the Merger will be subject to a lock-up, pursuant
to which the Two Trees stockholders receiving shares of the Company s common stock will not transfer or dispose of the shares except
according to the following schedule: (1) one-third of the shares will be released from the restriction on the nine-month anniversary
of the effective date of the Merger; (2) one-third of the shares will be released from the restrictions on the 18-month anniversary of
the effective date of the Merger; and (3) the remaining one-third of the shares will be released from the restrictions on the 36-month
anniversary of the effective date of the Merger. 

At
the effective time of the Merger, Two Trees stock options (the Two Trees Options generally will be treated in the
following manner: 

Two
 Trees option holders will exchange all of their Two Trees Options for options to acquire shares of Company common stock (the MDwerks
 Options ). 

The
 MDwerks Options will provide for substantially the same terms as the Two Trees Options, other than (1) they will be fully vested
 at issuance, and will increase the number of shares of Company common stock underlying the MDwerks Options from the number of shares
 of Two Trees common stock underlying the Two Trees Options, and (2) will retain the same exercise price per share of Company common
 stock underlying the MDwerks Options as the exercise price per share of Two Trees common stock underlying the Two Trees Options,
 in each case as necessary to provide for the same spread value for each applicable option holder. 

Consummation
of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including: (1) approval of the Merger Agreement
by the Two Trees stockholders; (2) the absence of any law or order by a governmental authority of the United States or certain non-United
States jurisdictions that has the effect of rendering illegal or prohibiting consummation of the Merger, or causing the Merger to be
rescinded following the completion thereof. In addition, consummation of the Merger by the Company and Merger Sub are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions, including that (i) the Company will have completed its due diligence review of
Two Trees to its satisfaction in its sole discretion; and (ii) Two Trees will have provided to the Company audited financial statements
for Two Trees and related auditor reports thereon, as provided in the Merger Agreement. 

7 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Two Trees agreed that at the closing of the Merger, Joe Ragazzo, Two Trees Chief Executive
Officer, will shall enter into an indemnification agreement, pursuant to which Mr. Ragazzo will agree to indemnify the Company for certain
breaches of the representations and warranties of Two Trees. 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants made by each of the Company, Merger Sub and Two Trees,
including, among others, covenants by Two Trees regarding the conduct of its business prior to the closing of the Merger. 

Either
the Company or Two Trees may terminate the Merger Agreement prior to the closing date if, among certain other circumstances, certain
conditions of the closing have not been satisfied. The Merger Agreement may be terminated by the Company if, among other things, (1)
the Two Trees stockholders vote against the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) any Action is brought by a third-party non-Affiliate
to enjoin or otherwise restrict the consummation of the closing; or (3) within five business days after receipt by the opposing Party
of written notice thereof that the other Party is not reasonably capable of curing a material breach of the Merger Agreement prior to
the termination date thereof. 

The
Parties intend, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, that the Merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and that the Merger Agreement was adopted as a plan of reorganization
within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-2(g). 

Amendment
No. 1 to Two Trees Merger Agreement 

On
February 16, 2023, the Company, Merger Sub and Two Trees entered into Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement Amendment No. 1 ).
Pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 1, the Merger Agreement was amended to reflect Two Trees authorized, issued and outstanding
capital stock as of the effective date of the Merger Agreement, which capital stock consisted of 15,000,000 shares of common stock, par
value 0.0001 per share, of which 9,999,604.69 shares were issued and outstanding as of the effective date of the Merger Agreement, and
3,529,500 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 2,045,672.16 shares were issued and outstanding as of the
effective date of the Merger Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of Amendment No. 1, the Merger Agreement was amended to replace
Mr. Ragazzo with James Cassidy, Two Trees Chairman of the Board as the party to indemnify the Company for certain breaches of
the representations and warranties of Two Trees. 

Patent
and Trademarks 

We
do not currently own any domestic or foreign patents relating to our proposed products. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had two employees. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

There
can be no assurance that all of the conditions precedent to closing of the Exchange Agreement or the Merger Agreement will be satisfied. 

The
completion of the Exchange Agreement and the Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions precedent, some of which are outside
of our control. There can be no certainty, nor can we provide any assurance, that all conditions precedent to the Exchange Agreement
and the Merger Agreement will be satisfied or waived, or, if satisfied or waived, when they will be satisfied or waived and, accordingly,
the transactions contemplated by these agreements may not be completed. The failure to close these transactions would have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

8 

Risks
related to our operations. 

Whether
or not the transactions contemplated by the Exchange Agreement and the Merger Agreement is completed, we will continue to face many of
the risks that we currently face with respect to our business and affairs. These include the risks and complexity inherent in the selection
of a business opportunity in which to participate. Additionally, we have only limited resources and may find it difficult to locate good
opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire any business opportunity which will ultimately
prove to be beneficial to us and our shareholders. We will select any potential business opportunity based on our management s
best business judgment. 

In
addition, our activities are subject to several significant risks, which arise primarily as a result of the fact that we have no specific
business and may acquire or participate in a business opportunity based on the decision of management, which potentially could act without
the consent, vote, or approval of our shareholders. The risks faced by us are further increased as a result of our lack of resources
and our inability to provide a prospective business opportunity with significant capital. 

We
are a recently re-organized development stage company but have not yet commenced operations in our business. We expect to incur operating
losses for the foreseeable future. 

We
were incorporated on July 22, 2003, and ceased all operations on February 12, 2010 and all activity for the period from January 1, 2022
through December 31, 2022, relates to our focus on effecting a reverse merger, capital exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more unrelated businesses (the Business Combination that would benefit from our public reporting status including our efforts to complete the Change of Control and Planned Acquisitions.
Consequently, we have not yet commenced business operations. Further, we have not yet fully developed our business plan, or our management
team, nor have we targeted or assembled any real or intangible property rights. Accordingly, we have no way to evaluate the likelihood
that our business will be successful. We have not earned any revenues as of the date of this prospectus. The likelihood of success must
be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the operations
that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to the market acceptance
of our planned acquisition of business or assets we have yet to acquire and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates.
Prior to the time that we are able to market and distribute a prospective product line or provide a service, we anticipate that the Company
will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future.
We recognize that if the effectiveness of our business plan is not forthcoming, we will not be able to continue business operations.
There is no operating history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove to be successful, and it is doubtful
that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks,
our yet to be determined acquisition of business or assets and subsequent business operations will most likely fail. 

We
have incurred net losses since our inception and expect losses to continue. 

We
have not been profitable since our inception. Since our inception on July 22, 2003 to December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit
of 430,724. There is a risk that we may never bring our yet to be determined acquisition of business or assets and subsequent business
operations to the marketplace. In addition, there is no guarantee that our subsequent operations will be profitable in the future and
you could lose your entire investment. 

We
may not be able to continue as a going concern if we do not obtain additional financing. 

Our
independent accountant s audit report states that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
We have incurred only losses since our inception raising substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore,
our ability to continue as a going concern is highly dependent upon obtaining additional financing for our planned operations. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any additional funds, or we are able to raise additional funds, that such funds will
be in the amounts required or on terms favorable to us. 

Our
current president and chief executive officer has other business interests. 

Steve
Laker, our Chief Executive Officer, currently devotes approximately eight hours per week providing management services to us. While he
presently possesses adequate time to attend to our interest, it is possible that the demands on him from other obligations could increase,
with the result that he would no longer be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business. The loss of Mr. Laker to
our company could negatively impact our business development. 

9 

We
have requirements for and there is an uncertainty of access to additional capital. 

We
will continue to incur development costs to fund the acquisition of business or assets and plan to operate any subsequent business operations
from working capital, equity subscriptions and shareholders loans. Ultimately, our ability to continue our business operations
depends in part on our ability to obtain financing through debt financing, equity financing, or commence operations and generate revenues
or some combination of these or other means. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such financing. 

We
have no cash flow from operations and depend on equity financing and shareholder loans for our operations. 

We
have no current operations that generate any cash flow. Our current operating funds are less than necessary to complete our intended
plan of operations real and/or intangible property. We will need additional funds. Our failure to obtain such additional financing could
result in delay or indefinite postponement of further of any subsequent operations which would have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

We
lack an operating history . 

We
were incorporated on July 22, 2003 and we ceased operations on February 12, 2010. Since February 12, 2010, we have no operating history
upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. 

We
expect to incur losses in the future. 

Until
the acquisition of business or assets and subsequent business operations, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods because
we will be incurring expenses and not generating revenues. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating revenues in the
future. Failure to generate revenues will cause us to go out of business. 

Our
operating results may prove unpredictable. 

Our
operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which we have no control over.
Factors that may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly include: our ability to generate enough working capital from
future equity sales; the level of commercial acceptance by the public of any services/products we may develop; fluctuations in the demands
of any products; the amount and timing operating costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of subsequent business, operations,
infrastructure and general economic conditions. If realized, any of these factors could have a material effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

Our
common stock is or may become subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited,
which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction,
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the
risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. If our common stock
is or becomes subject to the penny stock rules, it may be more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and
cause a decline in the market value of our common stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

10 

The
Company s management expects to issue additional shares. 

The
Company has 300,000,000 authorized common shares, of which 123,273,097 are currently issued and outstanding and 10,000,000 shares of
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ), of which 8,957,500 shares are issued and
outstanding. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement and the Merger Agreement, we plan to issue an aggregate of 67,500,000
shares of common stock and cancel or redeem the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at or before closing. Consequently, following issuance of the
shares in connection with the Exchange Agreement and Merger Agreement, our current shareholders will own approximately 64.4 of
the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, causing a large dilution in the equity portion of our current shareholders.
Additionally, large share issuances would generally have a negative impact on our share price. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, but plan rather to retain earnings, if any for the
operation, growth and expansion of our subsequent business. Because we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future
which may lower expected returns for investors, and as such our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their investment
unless they sell their shares of common stock. 

Risks
Related to Investing in Our Company 

We
lack an operating history . 

We
were incorporated on July 22, 2003 and we have ceased operations on February 12, 2010. Since February 12, 2010, we have no operating
history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and
positive cash flow is dependent upon the Company is a development stage emerging growth company that seeks to becoming a multi-industry
technology-based enterprise primarily through merger and acquisition of business assets and through subsequent business operations, our
ability to attract customers and to generate revenues through our sales. 

We
expect to incur losses in the future. 

Based
upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods because we will be incurring expenses and not generating revenues.
We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating revenues in the future. Failure to generate revenues will cause us to go
out of business. 

Our
operating results may prove unpredictable. 

Our
operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which we have no control over.
Factors that may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly include: our ability to generate enough working capital from
future equity sales; the level of commercial acceptance by the public of our services/products; fluctuations in the demands of products;
the amount and timing operating costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of our subsequent business, operations, infrastructure
and general economic conditions. If realized, any of these factors could have a material effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company does not own any real estate or other properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. 

11 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There
are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner
of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the
Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the OTC PINK tier of the OTC Market Group, Inc. (the OTC PINK under the symbol MDWK .
The OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides
information on current bids and asks , as well as volume information. The trading market for the common stock
has been extremely limited and sporadic. 

The
following table sets forth for the respective periods indicated the prices of our common stock in this market as reported and summarized
by the National Quotation Bureau. Such prices are based on inter-dealer bid and asked prices, without markup, markdown, commissions,
or adjustments and may not represent actual transactions. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the company s
common stock had a trading history as follows 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 High 
 Low 

March 31, 2022 
 .045 
 .017 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 .035 
 .012 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 .15 
 .012 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 .08 
 .032 

Fiscal Year 2021 

March 31, 2021 
 ..02 
 ..02 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 .06 
 ..06 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 .03 
 .0.03 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 .01 
 .01 

Last
Reported Price 

On
March 23, 2023 the last reported bid price of our shares of common stock reported on the OTC PINK was 0.033 per share. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of March 10, 2023, there were approximately 137 record holders of our common stock. The number of record holders does not include beneficial
owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception. We currently intend to reinvest all cash resources to
finance the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on the financial
condition, earnings, legal requirements, restrictions in its debt agreements and any other factors that our board of directors deems
relevant. In addition, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating
subsidiaries, which may further restrict our ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization,
agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under future indebtedness that we or our subsidiaries may incur. 

12 

Transfer
Agent 

The
Transfer Agent for shares of the Company s securities is EQ by Equiniti, formerly known as Corporate Stock Transfer, located at,
1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101 Mendota Heights, Minnesota 55120. 

Unregistered
Sales of Securities 

The
following information represents securities sold by us that has not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a
Current Report of Form 8-K which were not registered under the Securities Act. Included are new issues, securities issued in exchange
for property, services or other securities, securities issued upon conversion from our other share classes and new securities resulting
from the modification of outstanding securities. We issued all of the securities listed below pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act the Securities Act ), or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial
statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and
certain other factors that may affect our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our
audited financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may
differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

Plan
of Operations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022,
relates to our focus on effecting a reverse merger, capital exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more unrelated businesses (the Business Combination that would benefit
from our public reporting status. In addition, we completed a change of control transaction on July 21, 2022 (the Change of Control as discussed below. See Item 1. Business Recent Developments - Change of Control. In furtherance of our plans to consummate a
Business Combination, on January 19, 2023 we entered into an Exchange Agreement to acquire RF Specialties LLC RFS and
on February 13, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement to acquire Two Trees Beverage Co. Two Trees discussed below
(collectively, the Planned Acquisitions ). See Item 1. Business Recent Developments RF Specialties, Inc.
and Item 1. Business Recent Developments Two Trees. 

Going
Concern 

Conditions
exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit
in equity, and the need to raise additional capital to fund operations. The going concern opinion could impair our ability
to finance our operations through the sale of debt or equity securities. 

13 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

We
did not earn any revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Operating
Expenses . The Company reported operating expenses of 136,721 consisting primarily of legal, accounting and various other public
company related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 20,798 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 115,923
increase was primarily attributable to increased legal and accounting fees related to our public company reporting obligations as well
as our activities related to the transactions involving the Change of Control and the Planned Acquisitions. 

Total
Other Income . Total other income was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 58,774 for the year ended December 31,
2021. The 58,744 decrease was attributable to absence of a gain on forgiveness of debt and interest expense. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We believe that if we do not raise additional capital over the next 12 months following the filing of this annual report, we may be required
to suspend or cease the implementation of our business plans. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no cash. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from financing
activities will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. To date, the Company has incurred operating
losses since inception of 430,724. At December 31, 2022, the Company has working capital deficit of 128,075. 

The
Company requires additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Management has expressed
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of
liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

We
expect to incur marketing, professional, and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the
Commission. We will require additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable
to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business
plans, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company
intends to continue to fund its business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise
capital as needed would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cash
Flows 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities. Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 113,989
and 19,659. The increase was attributable to an increase in net loss partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 

Cash
Provided by Financing Activities. Net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were
 113,989 and 19,659. The increase was attributable to an increase in advances payable. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements currently contemplated by management or in place that are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on the business, financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, result of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures and/or capital resources. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

The
Company has implemented all new accounting standards that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe
that there are any other new accounting standards that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or
results of operations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

14 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
to Financial Statements 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 and
for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-3 

Balance
 Sheet 
 F-4 

Statements
 of Operations 
 F-5 

Statement
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-6 

Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of MDWerks, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of MDWerks, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021 and the related statements of income,
comprehensive income, stockholders deficit, and cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statement have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined
that there are no critical matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor from February 2021 to February 2023 

April
15, 2022 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of MDWerks, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of MDWerks, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations,
statement of changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The financial statements of MDWerks Inc. as of December 31, 2021 were
audited by other auditors whose report dated April 15, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations and a deficit in equity, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Going
Concern 

Due
to the net loss for the year, the Company evaluated the need for a going concern. 

Auditing
management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgement given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be substantiated. 

As
discussed in Note 2, the Company has a going concern due to net loss during the year as well as having negative cash flows from operations
during the year ended December 31,2022. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern, we examined and evaluated the financial information along with management s
plans to mitigate the going concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March
27, 2023 

F- 3 

MDWERKS,
INC. 

 Balance
Sheet 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Advances Payable 

Convertible notes payable 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value ; shares authorized, of which and are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized, of which and are shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

MDWERKS,
INC. 

 Statements
of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Net (Loss) 

Other Income/Expenses 

Interest Expense 

Gain on Forgiveness of Debt 

Total Other Income 

Net (loss) income 

Net (loss) income per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

MDWERKS,
INC. 

 Statement
of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

Imputed Interest 

Net (loss) Income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 

Net (loss) 

Net income (loss) 

Conversion of preferred stock-related party 

Forgiveness of debt-related party 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

MDWERKS,
INC. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Imputed interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

NET CASH (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Advances Payable 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Forgiveness of debt as capital contribution-related party 

Conversion of preferred stock-related party 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

MDWERKS,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and an accumulated deficit of as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Although management believes that it will be able to successfully execute a business combination, which includes
third party financing and the raising of capital to meet the Company s future liquidity needs, there can be no assurances in this
regard. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively. 

from a non-related parties during the first half
of 2022 in order to cover legal, accounting and other various public company related operating expenses. The balance owed to this non-related
party was 
 as of June 30, 2022 which was satisfied in July
2022. This amount was forgiven, along with the outstanding note payable of .
The SPA, provides, among other things, that the Company s obligations under its convertible notes and advances payable aggregating
 are forgiven. This transaction was recognized as an in substance related party transaction. The forgiveness of debt was recognized
as capital contribution during July 2022 in the accompanying financial statements. 

The
Company received advances aggregating 
 from two non-related parties during the second
half of 2022 to cover legal, accounting and other various public company related operating expenses. The advances are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and are due on demand. 

to an investor in exchange
for in cash (the Note ). The Note has no maturity date and is due on demand by the holder at any time. The Note
converts into shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed conversion price of per share provided that the Holder shall
not convert into any amount exceeding of the then issued and outstanding shares of the Company. On July 28, 2020, the Note was
subsequently sold and purchased by a non-related 3 rd party investor. The outstanding balance owed on this note is 0 and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
July 2022, the holders of the Company s shares of Preferred Stock sold their shares pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement SPA ),
executed with (i) Tradition Reserve I LLC, a New York limited liability company Buyer and (ii) Ronin Equity Partners,
Inc., a Texas corporation Seller ). The SPA, provides, among other things, that the Company s obligations under its
convertible notes and advances payable aggregating are forgiven. This transaction was recognized as an in substance related party
transaction. The forgiveness of debt was recognized as capital contribution
during July 2022 in the accompanying financial statements. 

shares of Common stock, par value, with such designations, rights and preferences as
may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The increase in authorized shares from to was
effective September 13, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there were shares issued and outstanding. 

Holders
of the Preferred Stock converted shares of Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s common stock during
December 2022. 

Preferred
stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value, with such designations, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors, of which shares are designated Series A Convertible Preferred. 

On
June 15, 2014, the Company designated the Series A Convertible Preferred so that each share shall hold with it held, and that each share of Series A Preferred stock
will also hold with it the same number of common share votes prior to conversion as it would if fully converted to be used in voting
on any company matter requiring a vote of shareholders. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and 
shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

are forgiven. This transaction was recognized as an in substance related
party transaction. The forgiveness of debt was recognized as capital contribution during July 2022 in the accompanying financial statements. 

Holders
of the Preferred Stock, the largest Company s shareholder, converted shares of Preferred Stock into shares
of the Company s common stock during December 2022. 

of the equity interests and membership
interests of RFS, in exchange for the issuance by the Company to Mr. Mort of shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Exchange ). Immediately following the Exchange, RFS will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Exchange Agreement
is subject to certain closing conditions. 

On
February 13, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), by and between the Company, MD-TT Merger
Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Two Trees Beverage Co. Two Trees ).
The Company, Merger Sub and Two Trees may be referred to herein collectively as the Parties and separately as a Party. 
In consideration of the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each of the holders of Two Trees stock, subject to certain
exceptions set forth in the Merger Agreement, shall have the right to convert all of the shares of Two Trees stock into a total of 
shares of Company common stock, which shall be apportioned between the Two Trees stockholders, pro rata, based on the number of shares
of Two Trees stock held by each of the Two Trees stockholders as of the closing of the Merger (the Merger Consideration ).
The Merger Agreement is subject to certain closing conditions. 

F- 10 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES. 

There
have been no reportable events pursuant to Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K in connection with a change in our accountants. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
is accumulated and communicated to management including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In
connection with this annual report, as required by Rule 13a -15d and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation
was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our company s management, including our company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our company s principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence
of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal
control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Management conducted the assessment based on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. As of December 31, 2022, our controls over our financial
reporting were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of
outside directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of
required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned
material weaknesses were identified in connection with the audit of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and communicated
the matters to our management. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial
results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the
Company s board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures can result in the Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent
with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when
funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the
audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists
which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management
believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy
the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i)
insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further,
management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation
of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed
to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside
directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. 

15 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes that have affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
executive officers and director are as follows: 

The
following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of our current directors and executive officers. Each director is elected at
our annual meeting of stockholders and holds office for one year, or until his successor is elected and qualified. Officers are elected
by our Board of Directors and their terms of office are at the discretion of our Board. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Term
 of Office 
 
 Steven
 C. Laker 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 45 
 
 Appointed
 July 21, 2022 
 
 Michael
 Nordlicht 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and Director 
 
 35 
 
 Appointed
 July 21, 2022 

Biographical
information concerning the directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below: 

Steven
C. Laker . Steven C. Laker was appointed as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director
on July 21, 2022. Mr. Laker has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sunwave USA Holdings Inc., a company focused on the energy and
sustainability industry Sunwave since 2019. Previously, Mr. Laker served as Chief Executive Officer of Agera Energy LLC
and its affiliates, from 2014 through 2018. . Mr. Laker received a Bachelor of Arts from SUNY Empire State College 

Michael
Nordlicht. Michael Nordlicht was appointed as the Company s Chief Operating Officer and Director on July 21, 2022. 

Mr.
Nordlicht, served a Vice President of Sunwave, a company focused on the energy and systainability industry from 2019 to 2022. Also, Mr. Nordlicht served as the General
Counsel for Agera Energy LLC, an electricity and natural gas provider from June 2014 through January 2019. Mr. Nordlicht received a Bachelor
of Arts degree from Yeshiva University and Juris Doctor degree from Georgetown University Law Center. 

16 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has: 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
minor offenses); 

Had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or
business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within
two years prior to that time; 

Been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his
involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance
activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating
to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of
disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order,
or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the
Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its
members or persons associated with a member. 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive
officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are
required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Committees 

We
do not have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, our full Board of Directors performs the functions of these
committees. We do not believe it is necessary for our Board of Directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that
come before our Board of Directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be
involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our common stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities
exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

Director
Independence 

We
have no independent directors, as such term is defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, at this time. The Company
is not quoted on any exchange that requires director independence requirements. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible
for financial reporting. 

17 

Board
Qualifications 

We
believe that each of the members of our board of directors has the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that make him or
her suitable to serve as our director, in light of our highly regulated magnesium business and the complex nature of our operations.
See above under the heading Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a description of the education
and experience of each director. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
board is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities. Our principal
source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The board oversees management of financial risks;
our board regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each.
The board regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our business. The board is also expected to oversee risk management
as it relates to our compensation plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether
our compensation programs may create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL empowers a Delaware corporation to indemnify any persons who are,
or are threatened to be made, parties to any threatened, pending, or completed legal action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of such corporation), by reason of the fact that such person
was an officer or director of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee,
or agent of another corporation or enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines,
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding, provided
that such officer or director acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the corporation s
best interests, and, for criminal proceedings, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was illegal. A Delaware corporation may
indemnify officers and directors in an action by or in the right of the corporation under the same conditions, except that no indemnification
is permitted without judicial approval if the officer or director is adjudged to be liable to the corporation in the performance of his
duty. Where an officer or director is successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action referred to above, the corporation
must indemnify him against the expenses which such officer or director actually and reasonably incurred. 

In
accordance with Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation provides that directors will not be personally liable
for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors. The effect of this provision is to eliminate the personal liability
of directors for monetary damages or actions involving a breach of their fiduciary duty of care, including any actions involving gross
negligence. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

We
have made no provisions for paying cash or non-cash compensation to its officers and directors. No salaries have been paid for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and none will be paid unless and until our operations generate sufficient cash flows. 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in the past two fiscal years for: 

our
principal executive officer or other individual acting in a similar capacity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 

 our
two most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal executive officers, who were serving as executive officers at
December 31, 2022, and 

 up
to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an
executive officer at December 31, 2022. 

18 

For
definitional purposes, these individuals are sometimes referred to as the named executive officers. 

Summary
Compensation of Named Executive Officers 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year ended December 31 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Steve Laker 
 2022 

Present, Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer, 
 2021 

Michael Gelmon, Former Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2022 

2021 

Michael Nordlicht 
 2022 

Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 

1. Resigned
 on July 21, 2022. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

None
of our named executive officers received any equity awards, including, options, restricted stock, performance awards or other equity
incentives during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Employment
Contracts 

At
this time, we have not entered into any employment agreements with its officers and directors. If there is sufficient cash flow available
from our future operations, the company may enter into employment agreements with our officers and directors. 

Equity
Award Plans 

We
have not adopted any equity compensation plans but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. As of
December 31, 2022, there are no outstanding equity awards concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested nor equity incentive
plan awards for any named executive officer. 

19 

Director
Compensation 

The
Board of Directors of the Company has not adopted a stock option plan. The company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in
the future. If such a plan is adopted, this may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ).
The committee would have the power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution
therefore, provided that any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. 

The
table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our directors for all services rendered in all capacities to
us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael Gelmon (1) 

Steven C. Laker 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1) Resigned
 as a director on July 21, 2022. 
 
 (2) 

Board
Committees 

We
have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this
Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee
financial expert on our Board of Directors. We believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring
an audit committee financial expert to act as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of
having an audit committee financial expert at this time. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director
and named executive officer, (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial
owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i)
over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has
the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes
of computing the percentage of outstanding shares held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has
the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31, 2022 are deemed to be outstanding but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute
an admission of beneficial ownership. The following table sets forth information regarding the number of shares of Common Stock and Series
A Preferred Stock beneficially owned as of the date of this Annual Report, by each person who is known by the Company to beneficially
own 5 or more of the Company s Common Stock, each of the Company s directors and executive officers, and all of the Company s
directors and executive officers, as a group: On December 31, 2022 we had 122,260,208 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and
8,957,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 Total 
 Voting 
 
 Name, Position and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 No. Beneficially Owned 
 of Common Stock (1) 
 No. Beneficially Owned 
 of Series A Preferred Shares (1)(2) 
 Total No. of Capital Stock Owned (2) 
 of Total Capital Stock 
 of Voting Capital Stock 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Steven C. Laker (3) 
 1,050,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 1,050,000 

Michael Nordlicht (4) 
 2,250,000 
 1.84 
 - 
 - 
 2,250,000 

All directors and officers as a group (2 persons) 
 3,300,000 
 2.7 
 - 
 - 
 3,300,000 

Five Percent Shareholders: 

Tradition Reserve Trust 1 LLC. (5) 
 - 
 - 
 8,957,500 
 100 
 89,575,000 
 42.08 
 42.08 

Notes: 

less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 The
 percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our
 capital stock outstanding on March 23, 2023. On March 23, 2023, there were 123,273,097 shares of our common stock outstanding
 and 8,957,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. To calculate a stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership,
 we include in the numerator and denominator the common stock outstanding and all shares of our common stock issuable to that person
 in the event of the exercise of outstanding options and other derivative securities owned by that person which are exercisable within
 60 days of March 23, 2023. Common stock options and derivative securities held by other stockholders are disregarded in this calculation.
 Therefore, the denominator used in calculating beneficial ownership among our stockholders may differ. Unless we have indicated otherwise,
 each person named in the table has sole voting power and sole investment power for the shares listed opposite such person s
 name. 

20 

(2) 
 Each
 share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 100 shares of Common Stock and is entitled to 100 votes per share. 

(3) 
 Steve
 Laker is Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company. 

(4) 
 Michael
 Nordlicht is Chief Operating Officer and Director of the Company. 

(5) 
 Kerry
 Cassidy is the Managing Member of Tradition Reserve Trust 1 LLC and has sole dispositive power over the shares owned by Tradition
 Reserve Trust 1 LLC. Its address is 107 N Greeley Ave., PO Box 892, Chappaqua New York 10514. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

In
addition to the compensation arrangements, including employment, termination of employment and change in control arrangements and indemnification
arrangements, discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 11. Executive
Compensation above, the following is a description of each transaction since November 1, 2020 and each currently proposed transaction
in which: 

We
 have been or will be a participant; 

the
 amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed
 fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of,
 or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Related
parties include any person who is or was (since the beginning of the last fiscal year, even if such person does not presently serve in
that role) our executive officer or director, any shareholder owning more than 5 of any class of our voting securities or an immediate
family member of any such person. 

Any
potential related party transaction that requires approval will be reviewed and overseen by the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee
will consider such factors as it deems appropriate to determine whether to approve, ratify or disapprove the related party transaction.
The Audit Committee may approve the related party transaction only if it determines in good faith that, under all of the circumstances,
the transaction is in the best interests of us and our shareholders. 

Transactions
with Related Parties 

During
July 2022, the holders of the Company s shares of Preferred Stock sold their shares pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement SPA ),
executed with (i) Tradition Reserve I LLC, a New York limited liability company Buyer and (ii) Ronin Equity Partners,
Inc., a Texas corporation Seller ). The SPA, provides, among other things, that the Company s obligations under its
convertible notes and advances payable aggregating 239,444 are forgiven. This transaction was recognized as an in substance related
party transaction. 

Holders
of the Preferred Stock, the largest Company s shareholder, converted 1,042,500 shares of Preferred Stock into 104,250,000 shares
of the Company s common stock during December 2022. 

21 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by M K CPAs LLC, our independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and provided by TAAD LLP, our independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 9,500 
 9,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 9,500 
 9,500 

Audit
Fees - This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, review of
financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting
matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees - This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting
consulting and other audit services. 

Tax
Fees - This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance
and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All
Other Fees - This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

The
SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies
and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service,
the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s
responsibilities to management. 

We
do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All
of the above services and fees paid during 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by our Board. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Please
see the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MDwerks,
 Inc. 

Dated:
 March 27, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steve
 Laker 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

March
 27, 2023 
 
 Steven
 C. Laker 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Nordlicht 

March
 27, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Nordlicht 

Director 

23 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among MDwerks, Inc., MD-TT Merger Sub, Inc. and Two Trees Beverage Co. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement, dated February 16, 2023, by and among MDwerks, Inc., MD-TT Merger Sub, Inc. and Two Trees Beverage Co. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2023, by and among the registrant, RF Specialties LLC and Keith A. Mort (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Included in Exhibit 31.1 

Included in Exhibit 32.1 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Steven C. Laker, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MDwerks, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
[omitted]; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steven C. Laker 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Steven C. Laker, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MDwerks, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
[omitted]; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steven
 C. Laker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Periodic Financial Report 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The
undersigned officer of MDwerks, Inc. (the Company certifies, to his knowledge and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 27, 2023 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steven C. Laker 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mdwk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mdwk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mdwk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mdwk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

