<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230125_10-K_edgar_data_1814114_0001213900-23-005085.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3078818</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>242334</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>664407</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>553068</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>798591</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>756702</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-005085.hdr.sgml : 20230125
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230125151216
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-005085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230125

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Health Sciences Acquisitions Corp 2
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001814114
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39421
		FILM NUMBER:		23552290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		412 WEST 15TH STREET, FLOOR 9
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-343-9298

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		412 WEST 15TH STREET, FLOOR 9
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-005085.txt : 20230125

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_healthsciences2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

n/a (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the
registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million. 

As of January 23, 2023, ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December
31, 2022 

part I 

1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 9 
 
 Part II 
 
 10 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 10 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 10 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 20 
 
 Part III 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 29 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 30 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 31 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 35 
 
 Part IV 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 37 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical
are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our
 officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses
 and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which
 they would then receive expense reimbursements and other benefits; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our
 initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential
 investment opportunities; 

the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or an inability to have
 our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses
 for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from
 interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can
be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or
uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and
when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

part I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 we, 
 us, or our is a blank check company incorporated on May 25, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company. We
were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business
combination. Although there is no restriction or limitation on what industry our target operates in, it is our intention to pursue prospective
targets that are focused on healthcare innovation. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks
associated with emerging growth companies. 

Our sponsor is HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor ).
The registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August
3, 2020. On August 6, 2020, we consummated an Initial Public Offering of 16,000,000 ordinary shares (the Public Shares ),
including the 2,086,956 Public Shares as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering
price of 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 160.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 9.4 million,
inclusive of 5.6 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement with the Sponsor of (i) 450,000 ordinary shares (the
 Private Placement Shares at 10.00 per Private Placement Share (for a total purchase price of 4.5 million) and (ii) 1,500,000
warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant (for a total purchase price
of 1.5 million), generating gross proceeds of 6.0 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and
the Private Placement (including the exercise of the over-allotment option), 160.0 million (or 10.00 per Public Share) of the net proceeds
of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust
Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and held as cash
or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under the Investment Company Act, which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial
business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 3.2 million in underwriting discounts
and commissions (not including the 5.6 million deferred underwriting commissions payable at the consummation of the initial business
combination) and approximately 0.6 million for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the Initial Public Offering. 

We will have until February 6, 2023, or such later
time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum (the Combination Period ),
or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete an initial business combination by that date, it
will trigger the Company s automatic winding up, liquidation and dissolution and, upon notice from us, the trustee of the Trust
Account will distribute the amount in the Trust Account to holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders ). Concurrently,
we shall pay, or reserve for payment, from funds not held in trust, our liabilities and obligations, although we cannot assure that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If there are insufficient funds held outside the Trust Account for such purpose, our Sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses
or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which
have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional
time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors).
We also cannot assure that a creditor or shareholder will not file a petition with the Cayman Islands Court which, if successful, may
result in the Company s liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some
or all of our assets to the Public Shareholders. 

1 

Proposed Business Combination 

On July 4, 2022, we entered into an agreement and
plan of merger agreement (as amended on July 21, 2022, the Merger Agreement with HSAC Olympus Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and Orchestra BioMed, Inc., a Delaware corporation Orchestra ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and Orchestra (the
 Orchestra Business Combination will be effected in two steps. First, before the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination,
we will deregister in the Cayman Islands and domesticate as a Delaware corporation. Second, at the closing of the Orchestra Business
Combination, Merger Sub will merge with and into Orchestra, with Orchestra surviving such merger as the surviving entity (the Merger ).
Upon consummation of the Orchestra Business Combination, Orchestra will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company
will then change its name to Orchestra BioMed Holdings, Inc. . The Company, after giving effect to the Orchestra Business
Combination, will be referred to as New Orchestra . 

The Merger Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed Merger is subject to certain conditions as further
described in the Merger Agreement. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
we and Orchestra entered into separate forward purchase agreements (the Forward Purchase Agreements with certain funds
managed by RTW Investments, LP (the RTW Funds and Covidien Group S. .r.l., an affiliate of Medtronic plc Medtronic 
and the RTW Funds, each a Purchasing Party ), pursuant to which each of the Purchasing Parties agreed to purchase approximately
 10.0 million of the Company s ordinary shares, for a total of approximately 20.0 million, less the dollar amount of the Company s
ordinary shares holding redemption rights that the Purchasing Party acquires and holds until immediately prior to the domestication. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement
and the Forward Purchase Agreements, we, Orchestra, and the RTW Funds entered into a Backstop Agreement (the Backstop Agreement pursuant to which the RTW Funds, jointly and severally, agreed to purchase such number of the Company s ordinary shares at a price
of 10.00 per share to the extent that the amount of Parent Closing Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of immediately prior
to the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination is less than 60.0 million (inclusive of the 10.0 million commitment by the RTW
Funds pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement described above). 

On October 21, 2022, the Backstop Agreement and the
Forward Purchase Agreement with the RTW Funds were amended to provide that: (1) the per share purchase price under each of the Backstop
Agreement and the Forward Purchase Agreement will not exceed the redemption price available to Public Shareholders exercising redemption
rights at the shareholder meeting held to approve the business combination; (2) any shares purchased pursuant to the Backstop Agreement
or the Forward Purchase Agreement, or otherwise acquired by the RTW Funds outside of the existing redemption offer, will not be voted
in favor of approving the business combination; and (3) the RTW Funds will waive redemption rights with respect to such purchases in
the vote to approve the business combination. The amendments have been filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K on October
21, 2022. The Forward Purchase Agreement with Medtronic was not amended. 

The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with the RTW Funds occurred on July 22, 2022, pursuant to which the RTW Funds purchased 1,000,000 of our ordinary shares at a price of
 10.01 per share from an accredited investor in a privately negotiated transaction. The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with Medtronic and the closing under the Backstop Agreement, if any, will occur immediately prior to the domestication. The Sponsor and
the Purchasing Parties will have registration rights pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with
respect to the Company s ordinary shares, received in the domestication. 

2 

In addition, the Sponsor has agreed that 25 or 1,000,000
shares of its New Orchestra common stock received in the domestication will be forfeited to New Orchestra on the first business day following
the fifth anniversary of the closing unless, as to 500,000 shares, the VWAP (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the New Orchestra
common stock is greater than or equal to 15.00 per share over any 20 Trading Days (as defined in the Merger Agreement) within any 30-Trading
Day period, and as to the remaining 500,000 shares, the VWAP of the New Orchestra common stock is greater than or equal to 20.00 per
share over any 20-Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day period. In addition, subject to the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to forfeit 50 of its Private Placement Warrants, comprising 750,000 Private Placement Warrants, for no consideration.
Further, the Sponsor and the other shareholders of the Company as of immediately prior to our Initial Public Offering (the Initial
Stockholders have agreed to subject the 4,000,000 shares of New Orchestra common stock to be received in the domestication in
exchange for the 4,000,000 ordinary shares held or controlled by the Initial Shareholders prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Insider
Shares and 450,000 shares of New Orchestra common stock to be received in the domestication in exchange for the 450,000 Private
Placement Shares, to a lock-up for up to 12 months. 

See the proxy statement/prospectus included in the
Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by us with the SEC on December 13, 2022 for additional information. 

Extension, Redemptions and Private Purchase 

On July 26, 2022, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of our shareholders, where the shareholders approved a special resolution (the Extension Proposal to amend the
Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend from August 6, 2022 (the Original Termination
Date to November 6, 2022 (the Extended Date ), the date by which, if we had not consummated an initial business
combination, the Company must liquidate and dissolve, and (ii) allow us, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the date
to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to three times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadlines, until February 6, 2023 or a total of up to six months after
the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred. On October 31, 2022, November
15, 2022, and December 15, 2022, our board of directors of elected to extend the deadline until December 6, 2022, January 6, 2023, and
February 6, 2023, respectively. 

In connection with the vote to approve the Extension
Proposal, the holders of 9,237,883 Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price
of approximately 10.02 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 92.6 million. As such, approximately 57.7 of
the Public Shares were redeemed and approximately 42.3 of the Public Shares remain outstanding. After the satisfaction of such redemptions,
the balance in our Trust Account was 67.8 million. 

See the proxy statement/prospectus included in the
Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by us with the SEC on December 13, 2022 for additional information. 

Business Combination Meeting 

On January 24, 2023, we held an
extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the General Meeting for the purpose of considering and voting upon,
among other things, the Orchestra Business Combination. Each of the proposals presented at the General Meeting, as more fully
described in the proxy statement/prospectus dated December 16, 2022, was approved. The submission of the Orchestra Business
Combination to the shareholders entitled holders of Public Shares to redeem their shares for their pro rata portion of the funds
held in the Trust Account. In connection with the General Meeting, as of January 24, 2023, we received requests for redemption from
holders with respect to 1,597,888 Public Shares. The closing date of the Orchestra Business Combination is anticipated to be in
January 2023. 

Shareholder Approval of Business Combination 

In connection with the Orchestra Business Combination,
we are seeking shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a general meeting called for such purpose at which public
shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable). See the proxy statement/prospectus
included in the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by us with the SEC on December 13, 2022 for additional information. 

3 

In connection with the Orchestra Business Combination,
we will: 

permit shareholders to convert their shares in conjunction with a proxy
 solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the
 tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders
have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata 
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have
net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company will be required to approve
the business combination.. 

Our initial shareholders, including our officers
and directors, have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, subject to applicable
law, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote
to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association relating
to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (3) not to sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection
with a proposed initial business combination. As a result, we could need as little as 126,060 of our public shares (or approximately
1.12 of our public shares) to attend the general meeting to form a quorum, none of which needs to be voted in favor of the transaction
in order to have such transaction approved. 

Conversion/Tender Rights 

At any general meeting called to approve an initial
business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the
proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any
taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements
with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account. The conversion rights will be effected under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and Cayman
Islands law as redemptions. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to
vote against a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his shares. 

Our initial shareholders, officers and directors
will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly or indirectly. 

We may also require public shareholders, whether
they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer
agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. Once the shares
are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under Cayman Islands law, the transfer agent will then update our Register
of Members to reflect all conversions. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to shareholders in connection with the vote
for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a shareholder would have from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his, her
or its shares if he, she or it wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. Under our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any general meeting, which would be the minimum
amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result, if we require public shareholders
who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply
with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion.
Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our ordinary shares when they
otherwise would not want to. 

4 

There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge
the tendering broker a nominal fee and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver
shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However,
in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed
business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to shareholders. 

Any request to convert or tender such shares, once
made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
his, her or its certificate in connection with an election of his, her or its conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to
the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he, she or it may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their conversion or tender rights would not be entitled
to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares
delivered by public holders. 

Liquidation if No Business Combination 

If we do not complete a business combination by February
6, 2023, or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum, it
will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and dissolution pursuant to the terms of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association. As a result, this has the same effect as if we had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the
Companies Law. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, liquidation and
dissolution. At such time, the private warrants will expire and our sponsor will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such
private warrants, and the private warrants will be worthless. 

The amount in the trust account (less approximately
 1,600 representing the aggregate nominal par value of the shares of our public shareholders) under the Companies Law will be treated
as share premium which is distributable under the Companies Law, provided that immediately following the date on which the proposed distribution
is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. If we are forced to liquidate
the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of
the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest). Prior to such distribution, we would be required
to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision
for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure
you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be
liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent
liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third parties we engaged
to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they
will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable. 

5 

Each of our initial shareholders and our sponsor
has agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust account or other assets with respect to the insider shares
and private shares and to vote their insider shares and private shares in favor of any dissolution and plan of distribution which we
submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our private warrants, which will
expire worthless. 

If we do not complete an initial business combination
and expend all of the proceeds of our initial public offering other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking
into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share distribution from the trust account would be 10.00. 

The proceeds deposited in the trust account could,
however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would be prior to the claims of our public shareholders. Although we will
seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective target businesses or other entities we engage execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our
public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would
be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refused to execute an
agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
us if we chose not to engage such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest of our shareholders if such
third party refused to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a provider
of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis of the alternatives available
to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management believed that such third
party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or
agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 

Our sponsor, HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC, has agreed that,
if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to pay debts and obligations
to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold
to us, but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only
if such parties have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that our sponsor will be able to satisfy those obligations
if it is required to do so. Accordingly, the actual per-share distribution could be less than 10.00 due to claims of creditors. Additionally,
if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders at least 10.00 per ordinary share. 

Potential Revisions to Agreements with our Initial Shareholders 

Each of our initial shareholders has entered into
letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to us and our activities prior to a
business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of shareholders, although we have no intention
to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed
 to consummate a business combination in the time frames specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all shareholders
 to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

6 

Restrictions relating to our initial shareholders being required to
 vote in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our initial
 shareholders to vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The requirement of members of the management team to remain our officer
 or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions with us
 if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating a target business and another management team had a potential
 target business; 

The restrictions on transfer of our ordinary shares could be amended
 to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team; 

The obligation of our management team to not propose amendments to
 our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our shareholders; 

The obligation of our initial shareholders to not receive any compensation
 in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; and 

The requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business affiliated
 with our initial shareholders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except as specified above, shareholders would not
be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes. Such changes could result in: 

Our initial shareholders being able to vote against a business combination
 or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our operations being controlled by a new management team that our shareholders
 did not elect to invest with; 

Our initial shareholders receiving compensation in connection with
 a business combination; and 

Our initial shareholders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates
 without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

We will not agree to any such changes unless we believed
that such changes were in the best interests of our shareholders (for example, if we believed such a modification were necessary to complete
a business combination). Each of our officers and directors has fiduciary obligations to us requiring that he or she act in our best
interests and the best interests of our shareholders. 

Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section
2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

7 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised, and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This
may make comparison of the Company s financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the
earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the date of the IPO, (b) in which we have total
annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market
value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which
we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business, we encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to
ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly
or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential
target businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our initial public offering, our ability
to compete in completing a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert ordinary shares held by our public shareholders
 may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination; 

our outstanding private warrants and the potential future dilution
 they represent; 

our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commission to Chardan
 Capital Markets, LLC upon consummation of our initial business combination; 

our obligation to either repay working capital loans that may be made
 to us by our initial shareholders or their affiliates; 

our obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well
 as the private shares and private warrants (and underlying securities) and any shares issued to our initial shareholders or their
 affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

the impact on the target business assets as a result of unknown
 liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business
 combination. 

8 

Any of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public
entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately held entities
having a similar business objective as ours in connection with an initial business combination with a target business with significant
growth potential on favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting our initial business combination,
there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. Subsequent to our initial business combination,
we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have four executive officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary
to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target
business to consummate our initial business combination with has been located, management will spend more time investigating such target
business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent
prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote an average of approximately 10 hours
per week to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our principal executive offices
at 40 10 th Avenue, Floor 7, New York, NY 10014. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month fee (subject
to deferral as described herein) payable to HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC, for office space, utilities and secretarial services. Our agreement
with HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC provides that, commencing on the date that our ordinary shares were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market
and until we consummate a business combination, such office space, as well as utilities and secretarial services, will be made available
to us as may be required from time to time. We believe that the fee charged by HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC is at least as favorable as we could
have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available
to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure
that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

9 

part II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our ordinary shares began to trade on The Nasdaq
Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol HSAQ on August 4, 2020. 

Holders of Record 

As of January 23, 2023, there were 11,212,117 of
our ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by 7 holders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records
of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares whose shares are held in the names of various security
brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the
foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

Extension Proposal 

On July 26, 2022, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of our shareholders, where the shareholders approved a special resolution (the Extension Proposal to amend the
Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend from August 6, 2022 (the Original Termination
Date to November 6, 2022 (the Extended Date ), the date by which, if we had not consummated an initial business
combination, the Company must liquidate and dissolve, and (ii) allow us, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the date
to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to three times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadlines, until February 6, 2023 or a total of up to six months after
the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred. On October 31, 2022, November
15, 2022, and December 15, 2022, our board of directors of elected to extend the deadline until December 6, 2022, January 6, 2023, and
February 6, 2023, respectively. 

In connection with the vote to approve the Extension
Proposal, the holders of 9,237,883 Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price
of approximately 10.02 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 92.6 million. As such, approximately 57.7 of
the Public Shares were redeemed and approximately 42.3 of the Public Shares remain outstanding. After the satisfaction of such redemptions,
the balance in our Trust Account was 67.8 million. 

Business Combination Meeting 

On January 24, 2023, we held an
extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the General Meeting for the purpose of considering and voting upon,
among other things, the Orchestra Business Combination. Each of the proposals presented at the General Meeting, as more fully
described in the proxy statement/prospectus dated December 16, 2022, was approved. The submission of the Orchestra Business
Combination to the shareholders entitled holders of Public Shares to redeem their shares for their pro rata portion of the funds
held in the Trust Account. In connection with the General Meeting, as of January 24, 2023, we received requests for redemption from
holders with respect to 1,597,888 Public Shares. The closing date of the Orchestra Business Combination is anticipated to be in
January 2023. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

10 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References to the Company, Health
Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, our, us or we refer to Health Sciences Acquisitions
Corporation 2. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read
in conjunction with the annual financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained
in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause
or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman
Islands exempted company on May 25, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this annual report as our initial business combination. Although there is no restriction or limitation on what industry our target operates
in, it is our intention to pursue prospective targets that are focused on healthcare innovation. We are an emerging growth company and,
as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Our sponsor is HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC (the Sponsor ).
The registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August
3, 2020. On August 6, 2020, we consummated an Initial Public Offering of 16,000,000 ordinary shares (the Public Shares ),
including the 2,086,956 Public Shares as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering
price of 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 160.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 9.4 million,
inclusive of 5.6 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement with the Sponsor of (i) 450,000 ordinary shares (the
 Private Placement Shares at 10.00 per Private Placement Share (for a total purchase price of 4.5 million) and (ii) 1,500,000
warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant (for a total purchase price
of 1.5 million), generating gross proceeds of 6.0 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and
the Private Placement (including the exercise of the over-allotment option), 160.0 million (or 10.00 per Public Share) of the net proceeds
of the sale of the Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust
Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and held as cash
or invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under the Investment Company Act, which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial
business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. 

11 

We paid a total of 3.2 million in underwriting discounts
and commissions (not including the 5.6 million deferred underwriting commissions payable at the consummation of the initial business
combination) and approximately 0.6 million for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the Initial Public Offering. 

We will have until February 6, 2023, or such later
time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum (the Combination Period ),
or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete an initial business combination by that date, it
will trigger the Company s automatic winding up, liquidation and dissolution and, upon notice from us, the trustee of the Trust
Account will distribute the amount in the Trust Account to holders of the Public Shares (the Public Shareholders ). Concurrently,
we shall pay, or reserve for payment, from funds not held in trust, our liabilities and obligations, although we cannot assure that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If there are insufficient funds held outside the Trust Account for such purpose, our Sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses
or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us and which
have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure that the liquidator will not determine that he or she requires additional
time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors).
We also cannot assure that a creditor or shareholder will not file a petition with the Cayman Islands Court which, if successful, may
result in the Company s liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some
or all of our assets to the Public Shareholders. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On July 4, 2022, we entered into an agreement and
plan of merger agreement (as amended on July 21, 2022, the Merger Agreement with HSAC Olympus Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary Merger Sub ), and Orchestra BioMed, Inc., a Delaware corporation Orchestra ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a business combination between us and Orchestra (the Orchestra Business Combination will be effected in two steps. First, before the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination, we will deregister in the Cayman Islands
and domesticate as a Delaware corporation. Second, at the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination, Merger Sub will merge with and
into Orchestra, with Orchestra surviving such merger as the surviving entity (the Merger ). Upon consummation of the Orchestra
Business Combination, Orchestra will become our wholly owned subsidiary. We will then change our name to Orchestra BioMed Holdings,
Inc. . We refer to the Company, after giving effect to the Orchestra Business Combination, as New Orchestra . 

The Merger Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed Merger is subject to certain conditions as further
described in the Merger Agreement. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
we and Orchestra entered into separate forward purchase agreements (the Forward Purchase Agreements with certain funds
managed by RTW Investments, LP (the RTW Funds and Covidien Group S. .r.l., an affiliate of Medtronic plc Medtronic 
and the RTW Funds, each a Purchasing Party ), pursuant to which each of the Purchasing Parties agreed to purchase approximately
 10.0 million of our ordinary shares, for a total of approximately 20.0 million, less the dollar amount of our ordinary shares holding
redemption rights that the Purchasing Party acquires and holds until immediately prior to the domestication. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement
and the Forward Purchase Agreements, we, Orchestra, and the RTW Funds entered into a Backstop Agreement (the Backstop Agreement pursuant to which the RTW Funds, jointly and severally, agreed to purchase such number of our ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per
share to the extent that the amount of Parent Closing Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of immediately prior to the closing
of the Orchestra Business Combination is less than 60.0 million (inclusive of the 10.0 million commitment by the RTW Funds pursuant
to the Forward Purchase Agreement described above). 

12 

On October 21, 2022, the Backstop Agreement and the
Forward Purchase Agreement with the RTW Funds were amended to provide that: (1) the per share purchase price under each of the Backstop
Agreement and the Forward Purchase Agreement will not exceed the redemption price available to Public Shareholders exercising redemption
rights at the shareholder meeting held to approve the business combination; (2) any shares purchased pursuant to the Backstop Agreement
or the Forward Purchase Agreement, or otherwise acquired by the RTW Funds outside of the existing redemption offer, will not be voted
in favor of approving the business combination; and (3) the RTW Funds will waive redemption rights with respect to such purchases in
the vote to approve the business combination. The amendments have been filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K on October
21, 2022. The Forward Purchase Agreement with Medtronic was not amended. 

The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with the RTW Funds occurred on July 22, 2022, pursuant to which the RTW Funds purchased 1,000,000 of our ordinary shares at a price of
 10.01 per share from an accredited investor in a privately negotiated transaction. The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with Medtronic and the closing under the Backstop Agreement, if any, will occur immediately prior to the domestication. The Sponsor and
the Purchasing Parties will have registration rights pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with
respect to our ordinary shares, received in the domestication. 

In addition, the Sponsor has agreed that 25 or 1,000,000
shares of its New Orchestra common stock received in the domestication will be forfeited to New Orchestra on the first business day following
the fifth anniversary of the closing unless, as to 500,000 shares, the VWAP (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the New Orchestra
common stock is greater than or equal to 15.00 per share over any 20 Trading Days (as defined in the Merger Agreement) within any 30-Trading
Day period, and as to the remaining 500,000 shares, the VWAP of the New Orchestra common stock is greater than or equal to 20.00 per
share over any 20-Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day period. In addition, subject to the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to forfeit 50 of its Private Placement Warrants, comprising 750,000 Private Placement Warrants, for no consideration.
Further, the Sponsor and the other shareholders as of immediately prior to our Initial Public Offering (the Initial Stockholders have agreed to subject the 4,000,000 shares of New Orchestra common stock to be received in the domestication in exchange for the 4,000,000
ordinary shares held or controlled by the Initial Shareholders prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Insider Shares and 450,000 shares of New Orchestra common stock to be received in the domestication in exchange for the 450,000 Private Placement Shares,
to a lock-up for up to 12 months. 

See the proxy statement/prospectus included in the
Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by us with the SEC on December 13, 2022 for additional information. 

Extension, Redemptions and Private Purchase 

On July 26, 2022, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of our shareholders, where the shareholders approved a special resolution (the Extension Proposal to amend the
Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend from August 6, 2022 (the Original Termination
Date to November 6, 2022 (the Extended Date ), the date by which, if we had not consummated an initial business
combination, the Company must liquidate and dissolve, and (ii) allow us, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the date
to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to three times by an additional one month each time after the Extended
Date, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadlines, until February 6, 2023 or a total of up to six months after
the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred. On October 31, 2022, November
15, 2022, and December 15, 2022, our board of directors of elected to extend the deadline until December 6, 2022, January 6, 2023, and
February 6, 2023, respectively. 

13 

In connection with the vote to approve the Extension
Proposal, the holders of 9,237,883 Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price
of approximately 10.02 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 92.6 million. As such, approximately 57.7 of
the Public Shares were redeemed and approximately 42.3 of the Public Shares remain outstanding. After the satisfaction of such redemptions,
the balance in our Trust Account was 67.8 million. 

See the proxy statement/prospectus included in the
Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by us with the SEC on December 13, 2022 for additional information. 

Business Combination Meeting 

On January 24, 2023, we held an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders (the General Meeting for the purpose of considering and voting upon, among other things,
the Orchestra Business Combination. Each of the proposals presented at the General Meeting, as more fully described in the proxy statement/prospectus
dated December 16, 2022, was approved. The submission of the Orchestra Business Combination to the shareholders entitled holders of Public
Shares to redeem their shares for their pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account. In connection with the General Meeting,
as of January 24, 2023, we received requests for redemption from holders with respect to 1,597,888 Public Shares. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 175,000
of cash in our operating account and a working capital deficit of approximately 1.8 million. 

Prior to the completion of the Initial Public
Offering, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a payment of 28,750 from our Sponsor to exchange for the issuance of
3,593,750 ordinary shares to the Sponsor, and a loan of 300,000 pursuant to a promissory note originally issued to our Sponsor on
June 11, 2020 (the Note ), which was repaid in full on August 7, 2020. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering and Private Placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied with the proceeds from the consummation of the
Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an initial
business combination, the Sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide us loans (the Working Capital Loans ). As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Working Capital Loans available or outstanding. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the working capital deficit, as well
as the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management
intends to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts
of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after February 6, 2023. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Various social and political circumstances in the
United States and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising trade tensions between the United States
and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the United States and foreign, trade, economic and other
policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes,
hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration
in the United States and worldwide. Specifically, the rising conflict between Russia and Ukraine and resulting market volatility could
adversely affect our ability to complete a business combination. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States
and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions,
export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete
a business combination and the value of our securities. 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of these
types of risks on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that these types of risks could have a negative
effect on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Results of Operations 

We will not be generating any operating revenues
until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of
interest income on investments held in the Trust Account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance) and expenses related to our search for an initial business combination. 

14 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net
loss of approximately 2.7 million, which consisted of approximately 3.0 million in general and administrative expenses and related
party administrative fees of 120,000, partially offset by approximately 345,000 of interest income from investments held in the Trust
Account. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net
loss of approximately 379,000 which consisted of approximately 275,000 in general and administrative expenses and related party administrative
fees of 120,000, partially offset by approximately 16,000 of net income on the investments held in the Trust Account. 

Related Party Transactions 

Insider Shares 

On June 11, 2020, we issued 3,593,750 ordinary shares
to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 28,750. On August 3, 2020, we effected a share dividend of 0.113043478 ordinary shares
for each outstanding share (an aggregate of 406,250 ordinary shares), resulting in an aggregate of 4,000,000 ordinary shares outstanding
(the Insider Shares ). All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend.
The holders of the Insider Shares had agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 521,739 Insider Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent
that the option to purchase additional ordinary shares is not exercised in full by the underwriters. On August 6, 2020, the underwriters
fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus, the 521,739 Insider Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the Insider Shares,
the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the initial business combination and the date on which the closing price
of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per ordinary share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the
consummation of the initial business combination, and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Insider Shares, six months after the
date of the consummation of the initial business combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to the initial business combination,
we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right
to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Related Party Loans 

On June 11, 2020, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up
to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to the Note. The Note was non-interest
bearing, unsecured and due on the date we consummate the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed 300,000 under the Note and repaid the
Note in full on August 7, 2020. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to us. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an initial business combination, the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan
us the Working Capital Loans, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each
loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the business combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000 of such loans may be converted upon consummation of the business combination into
additional private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. If we do not complete a business combination within the Combination Period,
the Working Capital Loans will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside the Trust Account, if any. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

15 

Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on the date of the prospectus relating
to our Initial Public Offering, we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space and certain office and secretarial
services. Upon completion of the business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 120,000 in expenses for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 0 and 150,000 were
due to the Sponsor and are included in accrued expenses - related party on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

Purchase Agreements and Backstop Agreement 

On August 3, 2020, in connection with the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, we entered into a purchase agreement FPA with our Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor
agreed that it will purchase an aggregate of 2,500,000 ordinary shares of our Company at a price of 10.00 per share, for an aggregate
purchase price of 25.0 million prior to, currently with, or following the consummation of a business combination, either in open market
transactions (to the extent permitted by law) or in a private placement with us. This FPA commitment has been satisfied by the RTW Funds
through: (a) an investment of 15 million in Orchestra s Series D Financing, and (b) the Forward Purchase Agreement described
below. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
our Company and Orchestra entered into separate Forward Purchase Agreements with the RTW Funds and Medtronic, pursuant to which each
of the Purchasing Parties agreed to purchase approximately 10.0 million of our ordinary shares, for a total of approximately 20.0 million,
less the dollar amount of the our ordinary shares holding redemption rights that the Purchasing Party acquires and holds until immediately
prior to the domestication. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement
and the Forward Purchase Agreements, our Company, Orchestra, and the RTW Funds entered into the Backstop Agreement, pursuant to which
the RTW Funds, jointly and severally, agreed to purchase such number of the our ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per share to the
extent that the amount of Parent Closing Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of immediately prior to the closing of the Orchestra
Business Combination is less than 60.0 million (inclusive of the 10.0 million commitment by the RTW Funds pursuant to the Forward Purchase
Agreement described above). 

On October 21, 2022, the Backstop Agreement and the
Forward Purchase Agreement with the RTW Funds were amended to provide that: (1) the per share purchase price under each of the Backstop
Agreement and the Forward Purchase Agreement will not exceed the redemption price available to Public Shareholders exercising redemption
rights at the shareholder meeting held to approve the business combination; (2) any shares purchased pursuant to the Backstop Agreement
or the Forward Purchase Agreement, or otherwise acquired by the RTW Funds outside of the existing redemption offer, will not be voted
in favor of approving the business combination; and (3) the RTW Funds will waive redemption rights with respect to such purchases in
the vote to approve the business combination. The amendments have been filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K on October
21, 2022. The Forward Purchase Agreement with Medtronic was not amended. 

The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with the RTW Funds occurred on July 22, 2022, pursuant to which the RTW Funds purchased 1,000,000 of our ordinary shares at a price of
 10.01 per share from an accredited investor in a privately negotiated transaction. The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with Medtronic and the closing under the Backstop Agreement, if any, will occur immediately prior to the domestication. The Sponsor and
the Purchasing Parties will have registration rights pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with
respect to our ordinary shares, received in the domestication. 

16 

Company Shareholder Support Agreement and Forfeiture 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, we and Orchestra entered into a support agreement (the Parent Support Agreement with the Sponsor and certain
of our other shareholders (each a Shareholder pursuant to which the Shareholders identified therein have agreed (a) to
appear at any shareholder meetings called to approve the Merger or any proposal to extend the period of time we are afforded under our
organizational documents and our prospectus to consummate an initial business combination (an Extension Proposal ), (b)
not to redeem their shares or any other of our equity securities now or in future acquired or beneficially owned, (c) to vote such shares
and equity securities, to the extent permitted by law, (i) in favor of the domestication, the Merger and related transactions, (ii) in favor of any Extension Proposal,
(iii) against any change in our business, management or board contrary to the Merger Agreement and against any other proposal reasonably
expected to breach, prevent or impede the Merger, and (d) to waive anti-dilution and similar rights with respect to such shares, whether
under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, applicable law, or a contract regarding the Merger and related
transactions with us. In addition, the Sponsor has agreed that 25 or 1,000,000 shares of its New Orchestra Common Stock received in
the domestication will be forfeited to New Orchestra on the first business day following the fifth anniversary of the closing of the
Orchestra Business Combination unless, as to 500,000 shares, the VWAP (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of the New Orchestra Common
Stock is greater than or equal to 15.00 per share over any 20 Trading Days (as defined in the Merger Agreement) within any 30-Trading
Day period, and as to the remaining 500,000 shares, the VWAP of the New Orchestra Common Stock is greater than or equal to 20.00 per
share over any 20-Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day period. Further, subject to the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to forfeit 50 of its warrants, comprising 750,000 warrants, for no consideration, immediately prior to the Closing.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, immediately following such forfeiture and prior to the Closing, the Company will issue
750,000 New Warrants to eleven specified employees and directors of Orchestra. These New Warrants will have substantially similar terms
to the forfeited Private Warrants, except that they will become exercisable between 24 and 36 months after the Closing. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Insider Shares, the Private Placement
Shares, the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any ordinary shares
issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans)
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Insider Shares can elect to exercise these
registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow.
The holders of a majority of the Private Placement Shares, the Private Placement Warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of Working Capital Loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our consummation of the initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of 0.20 per share, or 3.2 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the
underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 0.35 per share, or 5.6 million in the aggregate since the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised in full. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust
Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

17 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Cash and Investments Held in the Trust Account 

Our portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account
has been comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with
a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily
determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When our investments held in the Trust Account were comprised of U.S. government securities,
the investments are classified as trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account were comprised of money market funds,
the investments were recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the consolidated
balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities
are included in interest income from investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account were determined using available market information. On July 25, 2022,
the entire Trust Account balance was transferred into cash following redemptions in connection with the vote to approve the Extension
Proposal. As of December 31, 2022, only cash is held in the Trust Account. 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject
to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Public Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6,762,117 and
16,000,000 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
deficit section of the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Under ASC 480-10-S99, we have elected to recognize
changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value
at the end of the reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date of
the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted net loss per
ordinary share does not consider the effect of the Private Placement Warrants to purchase 1,500,000 ordinary shares since their exercise
is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net
loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable
ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual
obligations. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the
 JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies.
We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

18 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding
mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the
financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation
between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These
exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an
 emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Our management does not believe there are any
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, that would have a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page
F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based
upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

19 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if
any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
 only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

20 

part III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive
officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Roderick Wong 
 
 45 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Naveen Yalamanchi 
 
 46 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Alice Lee 
 
 52 
 
 Vice President of Operations, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 Stephanie A. Sirota 
 
 48 
 
 Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Corporate Communications 
 
 Pedro Granadillo 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Carsten Boess 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Stuart Peltz 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Brophy 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Roderick Wong, MD , has served as our President
and Chief Executive Officer since June 2020 and as a member of our board of directors since our inception. Dr. Wong has more than 16
years of healthcare investing experience. Since 2009, he has served as Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of RTW. Prior to
forming RTW, Dr. Wong was a Managing Director and sole Portfolio Manager for the Davidson Kempner Healthcare Funds. Prior to joining
Davidson Kempner, Dr. Wong held various healthcare investment and research roles at Sigma Capital Partners and Cowen Company. Dr.
Wong served as Chairman of the board of directors of Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation HSAC and its Chief Executive
Officer from January 2019 until December 2019. Other current and previous directorships include: Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where
he serves as Chairman, a position he has held since Rocket s inception in July 2015; Attune Pharmaceuticals, a portfolio company
of RTW, where he has served as a director since June 2018; Landos Biopharma, where he served as a director from 2019 to June 2022; Ji
Xing Pharmaceuticals, a portfolio company of RTW, where he has served as director since 2019; and NiKang Therapeutics, a portfolio company
of RTW, where he has served as a director since September 2020. Dr. Wong previously served on the board of directors of Penwest Pharmaceuticals
in 2010 and Avidity Biosciences from 2019 until August 2021. He simultaneously received an MD from the University of Pennsylvania Medical
School and an MBA from Harvard Business School, and graduated Phi Beta Kappa with a BS in Economics from Duke University. 

Naveen Yalamanchi, MD , has served as our Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and as a member of our board of directors since June 2020. Dr. Yalamanchi has more than 15
years of healthcare investment and research experience. Since 2015, Dr. Yalamanchi has been a Partner and Portfolio Manager at RTW. Prior
to joining RTW, Dr. Yalamanchi was Vice President and Co-Portfolio Manager at Calamos Arista Partners, a subsidiary of Calamos Investments,
a position he held from 2011 to 2015. Prior to joining Calamos Arista Partners, Dr. Yalamanchi held various healthcare investment roles
at Millennium Management and Davidson Kempner Capital Management, where he worked with Dr. Wong. Dr. Yalamanchi graduated Phi Beta Kappa
with a BS in Biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and received an MD from the Stanford University School of Medicine.
He completed his surgical internship at UCLA Medical Center. Dr. Yalamanchi served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HSAC
from January 2019 until December 2019 and as a director of HSAC from December 2018 until December 2019. Other prior and current directorships
include: Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he has served as a director since Rocket s inception in July 2015, and Ancora Heart
and Magnolia Medical Technologies, portfolio companies of RTW, where Dr. Yalamanchi serves as an observer to the board of directors. 

21 

Alice Lee, JD , has served as our Vice President
of Operations and as our Secretary and Treasurer since June 2020. Ms. Lee has served as RTW s Senior Counsel since October 2017
and Chief Compliance Officer from February 2019 to February 2021 and has more than a decade of experience advising life sciences companies
in corporate and transactional matters. Prior to joining RTW, she most recently served as a senior associate in the Life Sciences practice
at Ropes Gray LLP from 2015 to 2017. Prior to that, she worked in the Intellectual Property Transactions and Technology practice
at Sullivan Cromwell LLP from 2010 to 2015, and she began her legal career in the Mergers Acquisitions practice at Cravath,
Swaine Moore LLP. Ms. Lee served as Vice President of Operations of HSAC from January 2019 until December 2019. Ms. Lee received
her law degree from Columbia Law School, where she served as a Senior Editor of Columbia Law Review and was a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar.
She earned an MS from Stanford University in Computer Science (with an emphasis in Bioinformatics), completed two years of pre-clinical
coursework at the Stanford University School of Medicine, where she was an MD candidate, and graduated Phi Beta Kappa and summa cum laude
with a BA in Philosophy from Columbia University. Prior to law school, Ms. Lee worked as a computational biologist at the H. Lee Moffitt
Cancer Center Research Institute at the University of South Florida and co-authored The promise of gene signatures in cancer
diagnosis and prognosis included in the Encyclopedia of Genetics, Genomics, Proteomics and Bioinformatics and Fundamentals
of Cancer Genomics and Proteomics included in Surgery: Basic Science and Clinical Evidence. She also worked as a software development
engineer intern at Amazon.com. 

Stephanie A. Sirota has served as our Vice
President of Corporate Strategy and Corporate Communications since June 2020. Ms. Sirota has served as RTW s Chief Business Officer
since 2012 and as a Partner since 2014. Ms. Sirota is responsible for strategy and oversight of RTW s business development and
strategic partnerships with counterparties including limited partners, banks and academic institutions. She is also responsible for shaping
the firm s governance policies underscoring impact and sustainability. Ms. Sirota has more than a decade of deal experience in
financial services. Prior to joining RTW, from 2006 to 2010, she served as a director at Valhalla Capital Advisors, a macro and commodity
investment manager. From 2000 to 2003, Ms. Sirota worked in the New York and London offices of Lehman Brothers, where she advised on
various mergers acquisitions, IPOs, and capital market financing transactions with a focus on cross-border transactions for the
firm s global corporate clients. She began her career on the Fixed Income trading desk at Lehman Brothers, structuring derivatives
for municipal issuers from 1997 to 1999. Ms. Sirota served as Vice President of Corporate Strategy of HSAC from January 2019 until December
2019. Other current directorships include RTW Venture Fund Limited (LSE: RTW ), where Ms. Sirota has served as a director
since October 2019. Ms. Sirota graduated with honors from Columbia University and also received an MS from the Columbia Graduate School
of Journalism. She has contributed to Fortune Magazine and ABCNews.com. Ms. Sirota is a supporter of the arts, science, and children s
initiatives. She serves as Co-Chairman of the Council of the Phil at the New York Philharmonic. She also serves as President of RTW Charitable
Foundation. 

Pedro Granadillo has served as our director
since August 2020. Mr. Granadillo has nearly 50 years of biopharmaceutical industry experience with expertise in human resources, manufacturing,
quality control, and corporate governance. From 1970 until his retirement in 2004, Mr. Granadillo held multiple leadership roles at Eli
Lilly and Company, including Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing and Human Resources and a member of the Executive Committee.
Mr. Granadillo currently serves on the board of directors of Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a position he has held since January 2018.
Mr. Granadillo has previously served on the boards of directors at Haemonetics Corporation from 2004 to 2019, Dendreon Corporation, Nile
Therapeutics and Noven Pharmaceuticals, as well as NPS Pharmaceuticals, which was sold to Shire for 5.2 billion in 2015. Mr. Granadillo
is also a co-founder and board member of Neumentum Pharmaceuticals, a private non opioid pain company. Mr. Granadillo graduated from
Purdue University with a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering. 

22 

Carsten Boess has served as our director since
August 2020. Mr. Boess has served as a director for Rocket Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since January 2016, Avidity Biosciences since April
2020, and Achilles Therapeutics since April 2020. Previously, Mr. Boess was the Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs at Kiniksa
Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. from August 2015 until February 2020. Before Kiniksa, Mr. Boess was the Chief Financial Officer at Alexion Pharmaceuticals
from 2004 to 2005 and the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Synageva BioPharma Corp. from 2011 until the company s
acquisition by Alexion Pharmaceuticals in 2015. Previously, Mr. Boess served in multiple roles with increasing responsibility at Insulet
Corporation, including Chief Financial Officer from 2006 to 2009 and Vice President of International Operations from 2009 to 2011. Prior
to that, Mr. Boess served as Executive Vice President of Finance at Serono Inc. from 2005 to 2006. In addition, he was a member of the
Geneva-based World Wide Executive Finance Management Team while at Serono. Mr. Boess also held several financial executive roles at Novozymes
of North America and Novo Nordisk in France, Switzerland and China. During his tenure at Novo Nordisk, he served on Novo Nordisk s
Global Finance Board. Mr. Boess received a Bachelor s degree and Master s degree in Economics and Finance, specializing in
Accounting and Finance from the University of Odense, Denmark. 

Stuart Peltz, PhD , has served as our director
since August 2020. Dr. Peltz founded PTC Therapeutics in 1998 and has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of
directors since its inception. Prior to founding PTC, Dr. Peltz was a Professor in the Department of Molecular Genetics Microbiology
at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, Rutgers University. Dr. Peltz currently serves as a director of the Biotechnology Industry
Organization (BIO) and serves on BIO s Emerging Companies Section Governing Board. Dr. Peltz received a Ph.D. from the McArdle
Laboratory for Cancer Research at the University of Wisconsin. 

Michael Brophy has served as our director
since August 2020. Mr. Brophy has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Natera since February 2017. Previously, Mr. Brophy served
as Natera s Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations since September 2016, and prior to that, as Vice President, Corporate
Development and Investor Relations since September 2015. Prior to joining Natera, Mr. Brophy served in the investment banking division
at Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank where he focused on advising corporate clients in the life science tools and diagnostics sector.
Mr. Brophy holds an MBA from the University of California, Los Angeles and a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the United States
Air Force Academy. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors has six members, four of whom
are independent under SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of
directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after
we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association as it deems appropriate.
Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that our directors may consist of a chairman of the board, and
that our officers may consist of chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, executive vice president(s), vice president(s),
secretary, treasurer and such other officers as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that within one
year of the listing of our ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market we have at least three independent directors and that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our Board of Directors had determined that Pedro Granadillo, Carsten Boess, Stuart Peltz, and Michael Brophy are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

23 

We will only enter into a business combination if
it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions with our officers and directors
and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party
transactions must be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board
of directors, which consists of Carsten Boess, Pedro Granadillo, and Michael Brophy, each of whom is an independent director. Carsten
Boess serves as chairman of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered
 public accounting firm the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements
 should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting
 firm significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management
 policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting
 firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner
 having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable
 laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to
 be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting
 firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public
 accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of
 complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our
 financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team
 in identifying potential target businesses. 

24 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

The audit committee will at all times be composed
exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards.
The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements,
including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee
has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional
certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication.
The board of directors has determined that Carsten Boess qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of the
board of directors consisting of Pedro Granadillo and Carsten Boess, each of whom is an independent director. Pedro Granadillo serves
as chairman of the compensation committee. We adopted a Compensation Committee Charter, will detail the principal functions of the compensation
committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and
 objectives relevant to our President and Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our President and Chief Executive
 Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our
 President and Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive
 officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based
 remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual
 report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other
 special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our
 annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to
 the remuneration for directors. 

The charter will also provide that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or
receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee, though
we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance
with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the
board of directors. 

25 

Our board of directors believes that the independent
directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation
of a standing nominating committee. Michael Brophy, Stuart Peltz, Carsten Boess, and Pedro Granadillo will participate in the consideration
and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent.
As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

Our board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director
for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum
qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees
for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business,
integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of
our executive officers, directors and employees. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects
of our business. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Potential investors should be aware of the following
potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full
 time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and
 directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well
 as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations
 and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with
 entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our
 company. 

The insider shares owned by our officers and directors will be released
 from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our
 officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares if we do
 not complete a business combination. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed that the private shares and private warrants will not be
 sold or transferred by it until after we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors
 may loan funds to us and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which
 would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests
 of our directors and executive officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing
 a business combination in a timely manner and securing the release of their shares. 

26 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers
owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) 
 duty to act in good faith in what the director believes to be in the
 best interests of the company as a whole; 

(ii) 
 duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were
 conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

(iii) 
 directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) 
 duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict
 between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

(v) 
 duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty
of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both
the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put
themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their
position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the
shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations,
our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed
criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity
with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.
Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses of which they are officers
or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to which they owe pre-existing
fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it is possible they may not present
opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations and
any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. 

In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest
which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he or she ceases to be an officer or
director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable business opportunity
which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations he might have. 

In connection with the vote required for any business
combination, all of our existing shareholders, including all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective insider
shares and private shares in favor of any proposed business combination. However, any ordinary shares of our Company acquired outside
of the redemption offer period, including the 1,000,000 Forward Purchase Shares purchased by the RTW Funds and any Backstop Purchases,
will not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination and, further, will not carry redemption rights. Therefore, while the
Insider Shares, the Private Shares and the 30,000 Public Shares held by our officers will be voted in favor of the Business Combination,
the 1,000,000 Forward Purchase Shares purchased by the RTW Funds and any Backstop Purchases will not. In addition, the Initial Stockholders
have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those ordinary shares acquired
by them prior to our initial public offering. For any other shares, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation
distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell their shares in any tender offer) in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
relating to pre-business combination activity. 

27 

All ongoing and future transactions between us and
any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are
available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our
uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either
case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless
our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have
agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or other
initial shareholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and
independent directors (if we have any at that time). In no event will our initial shareholders or any of the members of our management
team be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order
to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of
Directors and Officers 

Our memorandum and articles of association provide
that, subject to certain limitations, the company shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including legal fees,
and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative or investigative
proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to what the person believes is in
the best interests of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their
conduct was unlawful. The decision of the directors as to whether the person acted honestly and in good faith and with a view to the
best interests of the company and as to whether the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful and is, in
the absence of fraud, sufficient for the purposes of the memorandum and articles of association, unless a question of law is involved.
The termination of any proceedings by any judgment, order, settlement, conviction or the entering of a nolle prosequi does not, by itself,
create a presumption that the person did not act honestly and in good faith and with a view to the best interests of the company or that
the person had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

We have entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our memorandum and articles of
association. Our memorandum and articles of association also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer or
director who at the request of the company is or was serving as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting for,
another company or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred
by the person in that capacity, whether or not the company has or would have had the power to indemnify the person against the liability
as provided in the memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability
insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage shareholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

28 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and
the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have
been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is
theretofore unenforceable. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered
class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial
owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements
with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. We pay to HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC, our sponsor, a fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office space
and certain office and secretarial services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee
upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses
in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later
than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation
or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our initial shareholders
or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business
due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable
by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. 

After our initial business combination, members of
our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts
being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such
compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

29 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth as of January 23,
2023, the number of ordinary shares beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five
percent of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors
as a group. As of January 23, 2023, we had 11,212,117 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares owned by them. The following table
does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of derivative securities that are not exercisable
within 60 days of January 23, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC (Sponsor) (2) 
 4,360,956 
 38.9 
 
 Roderick Wong (3) 
 1,000,000 
 8.9 
 
 Naveen Yalamanchi 

Alice Lee 
 10,000 

Stephanie A. Sirota (4) 
 20,000 

Pedro Granadillo 
 22,261 

Carsten Boess 
 22,261 

Stuart Peltz 
 22,261 

Michael Brophy 
 22,261 

All directors, executive officers and our sponsor as a group (eight individuals) 
 5,480,000 
 48.9 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals
 is 40 10 th Ave., Floor 7, New York, New York 10014. 

(2) 
 Our sponsor is governed by a board of directors consisting of three
 directors: Roderick Wong, Naveen Yalamanchi, and Alice Lee. Each director has one vote, and the approval of a majority of the directors
 is required to approve an action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions
 regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval
 of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. Based
 upon the foregoing analysis, no director of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by
 our sponsor, even those in which he or she directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have
 or share beneficial ownership of such shares. 

(3) 
 Consists of shares held by RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Venture Fund
 Limited and RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd., which are investment funds managed by RTW Investments, LP. Our Chief Executive Officer
 serves as the Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer of RTW Investments, LP. Both he and RTW Investments, LP may be deemed
 the beneficial owner of such shares and each disclaims beneficial ownership except to the extent of their pecuniary interest in the
 holders. 

(4) 
 Held by the Stephanie Anne Sirota Revocable Trust, of which Ms. Sirota
 is the trustee. 

30 

Restrictions on Transfers of Insider Shares and
Private Warrants 

All of the insider shares outstanding prior to our
initial public offering were placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent. Subject to certain
limited exceptions, 50 of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of six months
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.50 per ordinary share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the insider
shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial
business combination or earlier in either case if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

During the escrow period, the holders of these shares
will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) transfers among the initial shareholders, to our officers, directors,
advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (3) transfers to relatives
and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) transfers pursuant
to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private sales made at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally
purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination, in each case
(except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, as well as the other applicable restrictions
and agreements of the holders of the insider shares. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends will also
be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with
respect to the insider shares. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of our Insider Shares, as well as the
holders of the private shares and private warrants (and underlying securities) and any shares our Initial Shareholders or their affiliates
may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a Registration Rights
Agreement entered into as of August 3, 2020. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that
we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Insider Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any
time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority
of the private shares, private warrants or shares issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. The foregoing Registration Rights Agreement
will be amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Insider Shares 

On June 11, 2020, we issued the 3,593,750 Insider
Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 28,750. On August 3, 2020, we effected a share dividend of 0.113043478 ordinary
shares for each outstanding share (an aggregate of 406,250 ordinary shares), resulting in an aggregate of 4,000,000 Insider Shares outstanding.
All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share dividend. The holders of the Insider Shares had
agreed to forfeit an aggregate of up to 521,739 Insider Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional
ordinary shares is not exercised in full by the underwriters. On August 6, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment
option; thus, the 521,739 Insider Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

31 

The Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the Insider Shares,
the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the initial business combination and the date on which the closing price
of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per ordinary share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the
consummation of the initial business combination, and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Insider Shares, six months after the
date of the consummation of the initial business combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to the initial business combination,
we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right
to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Related Party Loans 

On June 11, 2020, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up
to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the IPO pursuant to the Note. The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured
and due on the date we consummate the IPO. We borrowed 300,000 under the Note and repaid the Note in full on August 7, 2020. Subsequent
to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to us. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an initial business combination, the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan
us the Working Capital Loans, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each
loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the business combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000 of such loans may be converted upon consummation of the business combination into
additional private warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. If we do not complete a business combination within the Combination Period,
the Working Capital Loans will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside the Trust Account, if any. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. 

Private Placement Shares 

HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC purchased, pursuant to a written
purchase agreement with us, an aggregate of (i) 450,000 ordinary shares, or private shares, at 10.00 per ordinary share
(for a total purchase price of 4,500,000) and (ii) 1,500,000 warrants, or private warrants, at 1.00 per warrant (for
a total purchase price of 1,500,000). These purchases took place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of
our initial public offering on August 6, 2020. 

The private shares are identical to the ordinary
shares sold in our initial public offering. However, our initial shareholders have agreed (A) to vote their founder shares, private shares
and any public shares in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, prior to and unrelated
to an initial business combination, an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing
of the ability of public shareholders to exercise redemption rights as described herein or of our redemption obligation to redeem all
public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination by February 6, 2023, unless we provide public shareholders an opportunity
to redeem their public shares in conjunction with any such amendment, (C) not to redeem any shares, including founder shares, private
shares and any public shares into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve our
proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us in any tender offer in connection with our proposed initial business combination,
and (D) that the founder shares and private shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business
combination is not consummated. 

Each private warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per ordinary share, subject to adjustment as provided therein. The private warrants
will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and will expire five years after the completion
of our initial business combination. Each private warrant will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case
so long as they continue to be held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

32 

Additionally, HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC has agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of the private shares, private warrants or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees
as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider
shares must agree to, each as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. 

Purchase Agreements and Backstop Agreement 

On August 3, 2020, in connection with the consummation
of the IPO, we entered into a purchase agreement FPA with our Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed that it will
purchase an aggregate of 2,500,000 of our ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 25.0 million
prior to, currently with, or following the consummation of a business combination, either in open market transactions (to the extent
permitted by law) or in a private placement with us. This FPA commitment has been satisfied by the RTW Funds through: (a) an investment
of 15 million in Orchestra s Series D Financing, and (b) the Forward Purchase Agreements described below. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
we and Orchestra entered into separate Forward Purchase Agreements with the RTW Funds and Medtronic (the Purchasing Parties ),
pursuant to which each of the Purchasing Parties agreed to purchase approximately 10.0 million of our ordinary shares, for a total of
approximately 20.0 million, less the dollar amount of our ordinary shares holding redemption rights that the Purchasing Party acquires
and holds until immediately prior to the domestication. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement
and the Forward Purchase Agreements, we, Orchestra, and the RTW Funds entered into the Backstop Agreement, pursuant to which the RTW
Funds, jointly and severally, agreed to purchase such number of our ordinary shares at a price of 10.00 per share to the extent that
the amount of Parent Closing Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of immediately prior to the closing of the Orchestra Business
Combination is less than 60.0 million (inclusive of the 10.0 million commitment by the RTW Funds pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement
described above). 

On October 21, 2022, the Backstop Agreement and the
Forward Purchase Agreement with the RTW Funds were amended to provide that: (1) the per share purchase price under each of the Backstop
Agreement and the Forward Purchase Agreement will not exceed the redemption price available to Public Shareholders exercising redemption
rights at the shareholder meeting held to approve the business combination; (2) any shares purchased pursuant to the Backstop Agreement
or the Forward Purchase Agreement, or otherwise acquired by the RTW Funds outside of the existing redemption offer, will not be voted
in favor of approving the business combination; and (3) the RTW Funds will waive redemption rights with respect to such purchases in
the vote to approve the business combination. The amendments have been filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K on October
21, 2022. The Forward Purchase Agreement with Medtronic was not amended. 

The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with the RTW Funds occurred on July 22, 2022, pursuant to which the RTW Funds purchased 1,000,000 of our ordinary shares at a price of
 10.01 per share from an accredited investor in a privately negotiated transaction. The closing under the Forward Purchase Agreement
with Medtronic and the closing under the Backstop Agreement, if any, will occur immediately prior to the domestication. The Sponsor and
the Purchasing Parties will have registration rights pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with
respect to the Company s ordinary shares, received in the domestication. 

33 

Company Shareholder Support Agreement and Forfeiture 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, the Company and Orchestra entered into the Parent Support Agreement, which was subsequently amended and restated on November
21, 2022, with the Sponsor and certain of our other shareholders (each a Shareholder pursuant to which the Shareholders
identified therein have agreed (a) to appear at any shareholder meetings called to approve the Merger or any proposal to extend the period
of time we are afforded under our organizational documents and our prospectus to consummate an initial business combination, (b) not
to redeem their shares or any other of our equity securities now or in future acquired or beneficially owned, (c) to vote such shares
and equity securities, to the extent permitted by law, (i) in favor of the domestication, the Merger and related transactions (except that any such additional equity
securities acquired in the future, including the 1,000,000 Forward Purchase Shares and any Backstop Purchases, will not be voted in favor
of approving the business combination), (ii) in favor of any such extension proposal, and (iii) against any change in our business, management
or board contrary to the Merger Agreement and against any other proposal reasonably expected to breach, prevent or impede the Merger,
and (d) to waive anti-dilution and similar rights with respect to such shares, whether under our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, applicable law, or a contract regarding the Merger and related transactions with us. In addition, the Sponsor
has agreed that 25 or 1,000,000 shares of its New Orchestra Common Stock received in the domestication will be forfeited to New Orchestra
on the first business day following the fifth anniversary of the closing of the business combination unless, as to 500,000 shares, the
VWAP of the New Orchestra Common Stock is greater than or equal to 15.00 per share over any 20 Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day
period, and as to the remaining 500,000 shares, the VWAP of the New Orchestra Common Stock is greater than or equal to 20.00 per share
over any 20-Trading Days within any 30-Trading Day period. Further, the Sponsor has agreed to forfeit 50 of its warrants, comprising
750,000 warrants, for no consideration, immediately prior to the Closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, immediately
following such forfeiture and prior to the Closing, the Company will issue 750,000 New Warrants to eleven specified employees and directors
of Orchestra. These New Warrants will have substantially similar terms to the forfeited Private Warrants, except that they will become
exercisable between 24 and 36 months after the Closing. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding
prior to our initial public offering, as well as the holders of the private shares and private warrants (and underlying securities) and
any shares our initial shareholders or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled
to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities.
The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months
prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private shares, private
warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC, our sponsor, has agreed that,
until the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make available to us certain general
and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time to time. We have
agreed to pay HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC 10,000 per month for these services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay
payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual
or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and
be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. We believe that the fee charged by
our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. 

Other than the fees described above, no compensation
or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to our initial shareholders
or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with the consummation of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses,
performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket
expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust
account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we
consummate an initial business combination. 

34 

After our initial business combination, members of
our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, board, management or other fees from the combined company with any and
all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such
compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us and
any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are
available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our
uninterested independent directors, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant,
and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary
shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest
situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and
effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have
agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders, officers
or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and the approval of a majority of our disinterested
and independent directors (if we have any at that time) that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a
financial point of view. In no event will our initial shareholders, or any of the members of our management team be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts
as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC
for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 130,640 and 65,920, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. During years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
paid Withum 4,160 and 4,120 tax fees, respectively. 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of
fees billed for all other services. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay Withum any other fees. 

35 

part IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following are filed with this
report: 

(1) Financial Statements - The financial
statements listed on the Index to Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules - Not applicable 

(3) 
 Exhibits - The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed with this report.
Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, by and between Registrant and Chardan Capital Markets LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of July 4, 2022 by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, HSAC Olympus Merger Sub, Inc., and Orchestra BioMed, Inc. (included as Annex A-1 to the proxy statement/prospectus which forms part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2022) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of July 21, 2022 by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, HSAC Olympus Merger Sub, Inc., and Orchestra BioMed, Inc. (included as Annex A-2 to the proxy statement/prospectus which forms part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2022) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 21, 2022 by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, HSAC Olympus Merger Sub, Inc., and Orchestra BioMed, Inc. (included as Annex A-3 to the proxy statement/prospectus which forms part of the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 13, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 3.2 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 filed July 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Ordinary Shares of Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 issued to HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC, dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description
 of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated August 3, 2020, among the Registrant and each of the initial shareholders, officers and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Share Escrow Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, among the Registrant, the initial shareholders of Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, among the Registrant and the initial shareholders of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated August 3, 2020, among the Registrant and each of the officers and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, between the Registrant and HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, between the Registrant and HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 

36 

10.8 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 3, 2020, between the Registrant and HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement dated as of July 4, 2022, by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., and Covidien Group S. .r.l. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement dated as of July 4, 2022, by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., and RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd., and RTW Venture Fund Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Forward Purchase Agreement dated as of October 21, 2022, by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., and RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd., and RTW Venture Fund Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Backstop Agreement dated as of July 4, 2022, by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd., and RTW Venture Fund Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Backstop Agreement dated as of October 21, 2022, by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd., and RTW Venture Fund Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Parent Support Agreement dated as of November 21, 2022 by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., HSAC 2 Holdings, LLC, Alice Lee, Stephanie A. Sirota, Pedro Granadillo, Stuart Peltz, Michael Brophy, and Carsten Boess (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 22, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 Orchestra Support Agreement dated as of July 4, 2022 by and among Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2, Orchestra BioMed, Inc., and Covidien Group S. .R.L. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020) 
 
 21 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended 
 
 32 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This certification
is being furnished solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the registrant, whether made
before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

Dated: January 25, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Roderick
 Wong 

Name: 
 Roderick Wong 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Roderick Wong 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 January
 25, 2023 
 
 Roderick
 Wong 
 
 and Chairman
 of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Naveen Yalamanchi 
 
 Executive
 Vice President, Chief 
 
 January
 25, 2023 
 
 Naveen
 Yalamanchi 
 
 Financial
 Officer and Director 

(Principal Accounting and Financial
 Officer) 

/s/
 Pedro Granadillo 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 25, 2023 
 
 Pedro Granadillo 

/s/
 Michael Brophy 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 25, 2023 
 
 Michael Brophy 

/s/
 Stuart Peltz 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 25, 2023 
 
 Stuart Peltz 

/s/
 Carsten Boess 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 25, 2023 
 
 Carsten Boess 

38 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by February 6, 2023
then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

New York, 

January 25, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related party 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at approximately and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Administrative fee - related party 

Loss from operations 

Interest income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding of ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 

-

Increase in redemption value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years Ended 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile to net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Interest income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to redeem Public Shares 
 
 -

Cash provided by investing activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of Public Shares 
 
 -

Cash used in financing activities 
 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the year 

Cash - end of the year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Public Shares as a result of the underwriters 
full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering price of per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of million in deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6). 

million (or per Public Share) of the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a U.S. based trust account (the Trust Account ),
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, and invested in U.S. government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On July 25, 2022, the entire Trust Account balance was transferred
into cash in connection with the redemptions as described below. 

F- 7 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust and
taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial
Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount
to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the
Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). As a result, such ordinary shares have been recorded at redemption amount
and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB ), Accounting Standard
Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The amount in the Trust Account is initially
anticipated to be per Public Share. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible
assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the ordinary shares voted are voted in
favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder
approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem ordinary shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public
Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the holders of the Insider Shares (as defined in Note 5) prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Initial
Shareholders have agreed to vote their Insider Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of a Business Combination, to the extent permitted by law. In addition, the Initial Shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to
their Insider Shares, Private Placement Shares, and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

the ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination,
unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares in conjunction with any such
amendment. 

F- 8 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per ordinary share initially held in the Trust Account. 

of cash in its operating account and a working capital deficit of approximately million. 

from the Sponsor
to purchase the Insider Shares, and a loan of pursuant to the Note (as defined in Note 5) issued to the Sponsor, which was
repaid in full on August 7, 2020. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, the
Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied with the net proceeds from the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account.
In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Shareholders or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company with Working Capital Loans (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no Working Capital Loans available or outstanding. 

F- 9 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million of the Company s ordinary shares, for a total of approximately million, less
the dollar amount of the Company s ordinary shares holding redemption rights that the Purchasing Party acquires and holds until
immediately prior to the domestication. 

per share to the extent that the amount of Parent Closing Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of
immediately prior to the closing of the Orchestra Business Combination is less than million (inclusive of the million commitment
by the RTW Funds pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement described above). 

of the Company s ordinary shares
at a price of per share from an accredited investor in a privately negotiated transaction (see Note 5). The closing under the Forward
Purchase Agreement with Medtronic and the closing under the Backstop Agreement, if any, will occur immediately prior to the domestication.
The Company s Sponsor, and the Purchasing Parties will have registration rights pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement with respect to the Company s ordinary shares, received in the domestication. 

F- 10 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Public Shares. 

F- 11 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

, and investments held in Trust Account. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 12 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 13 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at the redemption
amount, respectively, were presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the
Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

ordinary shares since their exercise
is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net
loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable
ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

F- 14 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Public Shares, including the Public Shares as a result of the underwriters full
exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering price of per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Private Placement Shares at per
Private Placement Share (for a total purchase price of million) and (ii) Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant (for a total purchase price of million), generating gross proceeds to the Company of million. 

per ordinary share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement
was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

ordinary shares to the Sponsor (the Insider Shares for an aggregate purchase price of . On August 3, 2020, the Company
effected a share dividend of ordinary shares for each outstanding ordinary share (an aggregate of ordinary shares),
resulting in an aggregate of ordinary shares outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share dividend. The holders of the Insider Shares had agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Insider Shares, on
a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional ordinary shares is not exercised in full by the underwriters. On
August 6, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus, the Insider Shares were no longer subject to
forfeiture. 

F- 15 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ).
The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the date the Company consummates the Initial Public Offering or the date on which
the Company determines not to conduct the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed under the Note and repaid the Note in
full on August 7, 2020. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company. 

If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Working Capital Loans will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside the Trust Account,
if any. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding
Working Capital Loans. 

per month for office space and certain office and secretarial services.
Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred in expenses for these services. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and were due to the Sponsor and are included in accrued expenses - related party on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets, respectively. 

ordinary shares of the Company at a price of per share, for an aggregate
purchase price of million prior to, currently with, or following the consummation of a Business Combination, either in open market
transactions (to the extent permitted by law) or in a private placement with the Company. This FPA commitment has been satisfied by the
RTW Funds through: (a) an investment of million in Orchestra s Series D Financing, and (b) the Forward Purchase Agreements described
below. 

million of the Company s ordinary shares, for a total of approximately
 million, less the dollar amount of the Company s ordinary shares holding redemption rights that the Purchasing Party acquires
and holds until immediately prior to the domestication. 

F- 16 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share to the extent that the amount of Parent Closing Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement) as of immediately prior to the closing
of the Orchestra Business Combination is less than million (inclusive of the million commitment by the RTW Funds pursuant
to the Forward Purchase Agreement described above). 

of the Company s ordinary shares at a price of per share from an accredited investor in a privately negotiated transaction,
in order to fulfill their obligations under the Forward Purchase Agreements and to ensure that such shares purchased were not redeemed
and the amounts that would have been paid by the Company if such shares were redeemed remain in the Company s trust account at the
closing of the Orchestra Business Combination. 

F- 17 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

On August 6, 2020, the underwriters
fully exercised the over-allotment option. 

per Public Share, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
the underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of per Public Share, or million in the aggregate. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and ordinary shares
outstanding, respectively, and of which were subject to possible redemption, respectively, and are classified outside
of permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 18 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Offering costs allocated to Public Shares 

Plus: 

Accretion on ordinary shares to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Redemption of Public Shares 

Increase in redemption value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there are no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and ordinary shares issued or outstanding, respectively,
including and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, and classified as temporary equity. 

of
ordinary shares at an exercise price of per full share and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 19 

HEALTH SCIENCES ACQUISITIONS CORPORATION 2 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

-
 
 -

Public Shares, at a redemption price of approximately per share, which is expected to be paid following the closing of the Orchestra Business
Combination. 

F-20 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-4_healthscien2.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 (the Company, we, 
 us, or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s ordinary shares. 

The following description of the Company s
capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as amended, the Existing
Charter and the Companies Act (2022 Revision) (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act are summaries
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Existing Charter and the text of the Companies Act. The Existing Charter has been
filed with the SEC as exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed as an exhibit. 

General 

We are a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
as an exempted company and our affairs are governed by the Existing Charter, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands.
We are currently authorized to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001.
As of January 23, 2023, 11,212,117 ordinary shares were issued and outstanding. 

Ordinary Shares 

Our registered shareholders are entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business
combination, all of our shareholders as of immediately prior to our initial public offering (the initial shareholders ),
as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination. However, any ordinary shares acquired outside of the redemption offer will not be voted in favor of approving the
business combination and, further, will not carry redemption rights. 

We will proceed with the business combination
only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of such business combination and an ordinary resolution under
Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the Company will be required to approve the business combination. At least five days notice must be given for each general meeting
(although we will provide whatever minimum number of days are required under federal securities laws). Shareholders may vote at meetings
in person or by proxy. 

The members of our board of directors serve until
the next annual general meeting. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

Pursuant to our Existing Charter, if we do not
consummate a business combination by February 6, 2023, or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with the Existing
Charter, it will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and dissolution. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights
to share in any distribution from the trust account with respect to their insider shares and private shares upon our winding up, liquidation
and dissolution. 

Our shareholders have no conversion, preemptive
or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that public
shareholders have the right to have their public shares converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if the business
combination is completed. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members (which contains details of the registered holders of the shares) and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the
shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights
of the shares of each member; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the
register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our Company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact
on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our initial public
offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been
updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether
the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register
of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of the ordinary shares, then
the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Private Warrants 

Each of the warrants sold in a private placement
simultaneously with our initial public offering (each, a private warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one
ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. The private warrants have a net exercise provision under which its holder may, in lieu of payment
of the exercise price in cash, surrender the warrant and receive a net amount of shares based on the fair market value of the ordinary
shares at the time of exercise of the private warrants after deduction of the aggregate exercise price. The private warrants will expire
five years after the date on which they first became exercisable, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. 

None of the private warrants will be redeemable
by us. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any ordinary
shares pursuant to the exercise of a private warrant and will have no obligation to settle such private warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the ordinary shares underlying the private warrants is then effective and a prospectus
relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No private warrant
will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue ordinary shares upon exercise of a private warrant unless the ordinary shares
issuable upon such private warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state
of residence of the registered holder of the private warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
are not satisfied with respect to a private warrant, the holder of such private warrant will not be entitled to exercise such private
warrant and such private warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any private
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised private warrants, the purchaser of the private
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the private warrant solely for the ordinary share underlying such private warrant. 

2 

If the number of outstanding ordinary shares is
increased by a share dividend payable in ordinary shares, then, on the effective date of such share dividend, or split-up or similar event,
the number of shares issuable on exercise of each private warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
shares. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the private
warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of ordinary
shares on account of their holdings (or other securities into which the private warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends which are deemed to be dividends of up to 0.50 per ordinary share per year), (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination or (d) in connection
with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the private warrant exercise
price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value
of any securities or other assets paid on each share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares is decreased
by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares issuable on exercise
of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of ordinary shares issuable
upon the exercise of the private warrants is adjusted, as described above, the private warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the private warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of
shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the
number of shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

If, at any time while a private warrant is outstanding,
(i) we effect any merger or consolidation with or into another person, (ii) we effect any sale of all or substantially all of our assets
or a majority of the ordinary shares is acquired by a third party, in each case, in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any
tender offer or exchange offer is completed pursuant to which all or substantially all of the holders of ordinary shares are permitted
to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (iv) we effect any reorganization or reclassification of
ordinary shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the ordinary shares is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property (in any such case, a Fundamental Transaction ), then the holder of a private warrant shall
have the right thereafter to receive, upon exercise of the private warrant, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as
it would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental
Transaction, the holder of the number of shares then issuable upon exercise in full of such private warrant. 

As a holder of the private warrants, our sponsor
does not have the right or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their private warrants and
receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the private warrants, our sponsor will be entitled to
one vote for each share registered in the name of the sponsor in the register of members of the Company on all matters to be voted on
by shareholders. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on the ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business
operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

3 

Our Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares is
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, New York 10004. 

Listing of our Ordinary Shares 

Our ordinary shares are listed on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol HSAQ . We cannot assure you that our ordinary shares will continue to be listed on Nasdaq as we might
not meet certain continued listing standards. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies
Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory enactments and differs from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions
of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain
circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands
exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation is between two
Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed
information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of 66.6 of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s
articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that hold issued
shares carrying at least 90 of the votes exercisable in a shareholder meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company.
The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives
such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes
certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted, subject
to certain exceptions, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid the fair value of his shares upon
their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the
shareholder must give his, her or its written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the
merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation
is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders,
the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must, within 20 days
following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent
including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the
expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation
is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to
each dissenting shareholder to purchase his, her or its shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company
and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder
such amount; (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree to a price within such 30-day period, within 20 days following the date
on which such 30-day period expires, the company must (and any dissenting shareholder may) file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand
Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders
with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court
has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon
the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

4 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law also has separate
statutory provisions (including to facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances) commonly referred
to in the Cayman Islands as schemes of arrangement, which may be tantamount to a merger. A scheme of arrangement must currently
be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders or creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in
addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting
either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meetings summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms
of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to
express to the court the view that the scheme of arrangement should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement
if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory
provisions as to the required vote have been complied with and there is no coercion of the minority shareholders or fraud on the
minority 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the shareholder meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such that an honest and intelligent person, being a member of the class of shareholders
affected by the arrangement and acting in respect of his interests, might reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies
Act. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as
described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily
be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially
determined value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover
offer is made and accepted by the holders of at least 90 of the shares affected within four months of the offer being made, the offeror
may, within a two-month period following the expiration of such four-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer
their shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands within one month of the requisite
compulsory acquisition notice being given but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is a breach of the Companies Act or fraud or dishonesty. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits . Our Cayman Islands
legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought
in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be
the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually
may not be brought by a shareholder (other than on behalf of the Company). However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English
authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the
foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

5 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized
by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of civil liabilities . The Cayman
Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and may provide less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal
counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions
brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances,
although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman
Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits
based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for
which judgment has been given, provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such
judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a
kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings
are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies .
We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

annual reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted
its operations mainly outside of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in
the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

6 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our Existing Charter filed under the laws of the
Cayman Islands contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections to our shareholders prior to the consummation of
a business combination. The following are the material rights and protections contained in our Existing Charter: 

the right of public shareholders to have their public shares redeemed in lieu of participating in a proposed
business combination; 

a prohibition against completing a business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least
 5,000,001 upon consummation of such business combination; 

a requirement that if we seek shareholder approval of any business combination, an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting
of the company, will be required to approve the business combination; 

the ability of the directors to call general meetings on their own accord; 

a prohibition, prior to a business combination, against our issuing (i) any ordinary shares or any securities
convertible into ordinary shares or (ii) any other securities (including preference shares) which participate in or are otherwise entitled
in any manner to any of the proceeds in the trust account or which vote as a class with the ordinary shares on a business combination; 

a requirement that our management take all actions necessary to liquidate our trust account in the event
we do not consummate a business combination by February 6, 2023, or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with
the Existing Charter; 

the limitation on shareholders rights to receive a portion of the trust account. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of the holders of a majority of at least two-thirds
of such company s shares present and voting at a shareholders meeting and this is the approval specified in our articles
of association. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan
which are contained in our Existing Charter, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we,
nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders
with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects
or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved
with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the
course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report
such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As
Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank
of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the
disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of
confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Data Protection Cayman Islands 

We have certain duties under the Data Protection
Act (2021 Revision) (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 

7 

Privacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice
that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within
the meaning of the DPA personal data ). 

In the following discussion, the company 
refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure
personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course
of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities
of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data
in accordance with the requirements of the DPA and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed
to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to
the personal data. 

In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized
as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal
data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process
personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. 

We may also obtain personal data from other public
sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected
with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature,
nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account
details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person, this will affect
you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships)
that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will
be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this privacy notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them
of its content. 

How the Company May Use Your Personal Data 

The company, as the data controller, may collect,
store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(i) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(ii) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject
(such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

(iii) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden
by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we wish to use personal data for other
specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. 

8 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In certain circumstances, we may be legally obliged
to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including
tax authorities. 

We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons
who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the U.S., the Cayman Islands
or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly
authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. 

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates
shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful
processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

We shall notify you of any personal data breach
that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant
personal data relates. 

Staggered Board of Directors 

Our Existing Charter provides that our board of
directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board
only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Extraordinary General Meeting 

Our Existing Charter provides that extraordinary
general meetings of shareholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our chief executive officer or by
our chairman. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder
Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our Existing Charter provides that shareholders
seeking to bring business before our annual general meeting, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual general
meeting must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a shareholder s notice will need to be delivered to
our principal executive offices not less than 120 calendar days before the date of the Company s proxy statement released to shareholders
in connection with the previous year s annual general meeting or, if the Company did not hold an annual general meeting the previous
year, or if the date of the current year s annual general meeting has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the previous
year s annual general meeting, then the deadline will be set by our board of directors with such deadline being a reasonable time
before the Company begins to print and send its related proxy materials. Our Existing Charter also specifies certain requirements as to
the form and content of a shareholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our shareholders from bringing matters before our
annual general meeting or from making nominations for directors at our annual general meeting. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued ordinary shares and
preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes,
including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued
and unreserved ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means
of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

9 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21>
 3
 f10k2022ex21_healthscien2.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

List of Subsidiaries
of Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 HSAC Olympus Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_healthscien2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Roderick Wong, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Health
Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 25, 2023 
 /s/ Roderick Wong 

Roderick Wong 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_healthscien2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Naveen Yalamanchi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Health
Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 25, 2023 
 /s/ Naveen Yalamanchi 

Naveen Yalamanchi 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 f10k2022ex32_healthscien2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Health
Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2 (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below,
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: January 25, 2023 

/s/ Roderick Wong 

Roderick Wong 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

Date: January 25, 2023 

/s/ Naveen Yalamanchi 

Naveen Yalamanchi 

Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hsaq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hsaq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hsaq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hsaq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hsaq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

