<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_16875_0000016875-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28008518</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>649276</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>10003751</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8346837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4518351</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4087850</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000016875-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224121600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000016875-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		162
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY LTD/CN
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000016875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				980355078
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01342
		FILM NUMBER:		23664888

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7550 OGDEN DALE ROAD S.E.
		CITY:			CALGARY ALBERTA
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2C 4X9
		BUSINESS PHONE:		403-319-3591

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7550 OGDEN DALE ROAD S.E.
		CITY:			CALGARY ALBERTA
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2C 4X9

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANADIAN PACIFIC LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930507

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710818

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000016875-23-000008.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 cp-20221231.htm
 10-K

cp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark one) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered Toronto Stock Exchange BC87 London Stock Exchange 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, in U.S. dollars, was , based on the closing sales price per share as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 
 As of the close of business on February 23, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's common shares outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited ("CPRL"), a corporation incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act , qualifies as a foreign private issuer in the U.S. for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended (the Exchange Act ). Although as a foreign private issuer CPRL is no longer required to do so, CPRL currently continues to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") instead of filing reports on forms available to foreign private issuers. 
 
 CPRL prepares and files a management information circular and related material under Canadian requirements. As CPRL's management information circular is not filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, CPRL may not incorporate by reference information required by Part III of this Form 10-K from its management information circular. Accordingly, in reliance upon and as permitted by Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K, CPRL will be filing an amendment to this Form 10-K containing the Part III information no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. All references to our websites contained herein do not constitute incorporation by reference of information contained on such websites and such information should not be considered part of this document. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 1 

CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY LIMITED 
 FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Page Item 1. Business 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 18 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 24 
 Item 2. Properties 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 26 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 27 
 Information about our Executive Officers 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 32 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 33 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 63 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 64 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 114 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 114 
 Item 9B. Other Information 116 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 116 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 118 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 118 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 118 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 118 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 118 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 120 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 128 
 Signatures 129 

2 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 PART I 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company Overview 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited CPRL ), together with its subsidiaries CP ), owns and operates a transcontinental freight railway in Canada and the United States U.S. ). CP provides rail and intermodal transportation services over a network of approximately 13,000 mile s, directly serving the principal business centres of Canada from Montr al, Qu bec, to Vancouver, British Columbia ("B.C."), and the U.S. Northeast and Midwest regions. CP s railway network feeds directly into the U.S. Midwest from the East and West coasts. Agreements with other carriers extend CP's market reach in Canada, through the U.S. and into Mexico. CP transports bulk commodities, merchandise freight, and intermodal traffic. For additional information regarding CP's network and geographical locations, refer to Item 2. Properties. 
 
 CPRL was incorporated on June 22, 2001, under the Canada Business Corporations Act and controls and owns all of the Common Shares of Canadian Pacific Railway Company CPRC ), which was incorporated in 1881 by Letters Patent pursuant to an Act of the Parliament of Canada. CPRL's registered, executive and corporate head office is located at 7550 Ogden Dale Road S.E., Calgary, Alberta, T2C 4X9, Canada. CPRL's Common Shares (the "Common Shares") are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX and the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol CP . 
 
 For purposes of this annual report, all references herein to CP , the Company , we , our and us refer to CPRL, CPRL and its subsidiaries, CPRL and one or more of its subsidiaries, or one or more of CPRL's subsidiaries, as the context may require. All references to currency amounts included in this annual report, including the Consolidated Financial Statements, are in Canadian dollars unless specifically noted otherwise. 

Strategy 
 The Company s strategy remains focused on precision scheduled railroading as embedded within our five foundations: 
 
 Provide Service: Providing efficient and consistent transportation solutions for the Company s customers. Doing what we say we are going to do is what drives the Company in providing a reliable product with a lower cost operating model. Centralized planning aligned with local execution is bringing the Company closer to the customer and accelerating decision-making. 
 Control Costs: Controlling and removing unnecessary costs from the organization, eliminating bureaucracy, and continuing to identify productivity enhancements are the keys to success. 
 Optimize Assets: Through longer and heavier trains, and improved asset utilization, the Company is moving increased volumes with fewer locomotives and cars while unlocking capacity for future growth potential. 
 Operate Safely: Each year, the Company safely moves millions of carloads of freight across North America while ensuring the safety of our people and the communities through which we operate. Safety is never to be compromised. The Company strives for continuous implementation of state-of-the-art safety technology, safety management systems, and safety culture with our employees to ensure safe, efficient operations across our network. 
 Develop People: The Company recognizes that none of the other foundations can be achieved without its people. Every employee is a railroader and the Company has established a culture focused on our values of accountability, diversity and pride, in everything we do. Coaching and mentoring all employees into becoming leaders will continue to drive the Company forward. 
 Today, we continue to apply our long-term strategy: leverage our lower cost base, network strengths, and improve service to drive sustainable, profitable growth. While the accomplishments during the operational turnaround were tremendous, the Company's journey to become North America's best-performing rail carrier is far from over. As a Company, we remain focused on our next level of service, productivity, and innovation to continue to generate sustainable value for our customers, employees, and shareholders. 

Business Developments 
 Kansas City Southern ("KCS") transaction 
 The U.S. Surface Transportation Board's ("STB") review of CP's proposed control of KCS while KCS is in the voting trust is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2023. Upon obtaining control approval from the STB, provided it is granted, the two companies will be combined. Mr. Creel will serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the combined company. The combined business will be named Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited ("CPKC"). Calgary, Alberta will be the global headquarters of CPKC, and Kansas City, Missouri will be designated as the U.S. headquarters. The Mexico headquarters will remain in Mexico City and Monterrey. CP's current U.S. headquarters in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota will remain an important base of operations. Four KCS Directors are expected to join CP's expanded Board at the appropriate time, bringing their experience and expertise in overseeing KCS's multinational operations. 

4 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

The transaction will combine the two railroads to create the first rail network connecting the U.S., Mexico, and Canada and will deliver dramatically expanded market reach for customers served by CP and KCS, provide new competitive transportation service options, and support North American economic growth. 
 
 Specific risk factors related to the KCS transaction are included in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Other current business developments 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company was named to the S P Global Dow Jones Sustainability World Index ("DJSI World") for the first time and to the North American Index ("DJSI North America") for the third consecutive year. According to S P Global, the DJSI North America comprises of North American sustainability leaders as identified through the Corporate Sustainability Assessment. The index represents the top 20 of the largest 600 North American companies in the S P Global Broad Market Index and measures corporate sustainability leaders' performance based on long-term economic, environmental, and social criteria. The DJSI World Index comprises global sustainability leaders as identified by S P Global through the Corporate Sustainability Assessment. It represents the top 10 of the largest 2,500 companies in the S P Global BMI based on long-term economic, environmental and social criteria. 
 
 Additionally, the Company was named to CDP Worldwide ("CDP") s A List for the second consecutive year. CDP is an international nonprofit organization that annually assesses organizations on environmental performance and transparency. According to CDP, nearly 20,000 organizations disclosed climate-related and environmental metrics and information through the organization in 2022. 
 
 On July 20, 2022, KCS and its affiliate Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. ("KCSM") announced an agreement, effective July 14, 2022, extending the concession exclusivity rights granted to KCSM for an additional 10 years to now expire in 2037. Additionally, KCSM reached an agreement with the Mexican Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation to fund a new investment in the Celaya-NBA Line Railway Bypass and other infrastructure. 
 
 On May 3, 2022, the Company became the first freight rail company in North America to participate in the United Nations ("UN") Global Compact, a voluntary leadership platform for the development, implementation and disclosure of socially responsible business practices. Launched in 2000, the UN Global Compact is the largest corporate sustainability initiative in the world, with more than 15,000 participating companies in over 160 countries. 
 
 On April 27, 2022, at the Company's Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders, all nine director nominees were elected to the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 On March 16, 2022, the Company issued a 72-hour notice to the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference ("TCRC") - Train Engine, of its plan to lock-out employees at 00:01 Eastern Time on March 20, 2022 if the TCRC leadership and the Company were unable to come to a negotiated settlement or agree to binding arbitration. The TCRC represents approximately 3,000 locomotive engineers, conductors, and train and yard workers across Canada. On March 19, 2022, while the Company was still engaged in ongoing negotiations facilitated by federal mediators, the TCRC withdrew its services in the final hours before the deadline for a legal strike or lockout to potentially occur. On March 22, 2022, the Company reached an agreement with the TCRC Negotiating Committee to enter into binding arbitration. This agreement enabled the Company's employees to return to work effective at noon on March 22, 2022 local time to resume our essential services for our customers and the North American supply chain. On August 15, 2022, the Company entered into a new two-year collective agreement with the TCRC following binding arbitration. The new agreement includes a 3.5 percent wage increase in 2022 and 2023 as well as increased benefits. Under the arbitration decision, the TCRC has joined a pension improvement account. The new collective agreement is effective from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023. 
 
 Prior Developments 
 On December 14, 2021, following approval of the transaction by the shareholders of both the Company and KCS, receipt of Mexican regulatory approvals, and satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions and pursuant to the terms set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with KCS dated September 15, 2021, the acquisition of KCS was consummated and all outstanding stock of KCS was deposited into a voting trust and held by a single trustee as trust stock. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued 262.6 million Common Shares to existing KCS common stockholders at the exchange ratio of 2.884 Common Shares per share of KCS common stock and paid cash consideration to existing KCS stockholders of U.S. 90 per share of KCS common stock held and U.S. 37.50 per share of KCS preferred stock held for a total of approximately 10.5 billion (U.S. 8.2 billion). Share consideration, cash consideration, and the above described payments to KCS totaled approximately 36 billion (U.S. 28 billion). For additional information regarding this acquisition, refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10 Business acquisitions. 
 
 On September 15, 2021, upon KCS's termination of the Agreement and Plan of Merger with Canadian National Railway Company ("CN") (the "CN Merger Agreement"), the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with KCS. Pursuant to the terms of the CN Merger Agreement, KCS paid a merger termination fee of U.S. 700 million and refunded the CP merger termination fee of U.S. 700 million to CN (together, the "CN merger termination 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 5 

fees"). In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company remitted 1,773 million (U.S. 1,400 million) to KCS on September 15, 2021 in connection with KCS's payment of the CN merger termination fees. 
 
 On April 21, 2021, the five-for-one Share Split of the issued and outstanding Common Shares was approved at the Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders. On May 13, 2021, the Company s shareholders of record as of May 5, 2021 received four additional Common Shares for every Common Share held. Ex-distribution trading in the Company s Common Shares on a split-adjusted basis commenced on May 14, 2021. Proportional adjustments were also made to outstanding awards under the Company's stock-based compensation plans in order to reflect the share split. All outstanding Common Shares, stock-based compensation awards, and per share amounts herein have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the share split. 

Operations 
 The Company operates in only one operating segment: rail transportation. Although the Company provides a breakdown of revenue by business line, the overall financial and operational performance of the Company is analyzed as one segment due to the integrated nature of the rail network. Additional information regarding the Company's business and operations, including revenue and financial information, and information by geographic location is presented in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 26 Segmented and geographic information. 

Lines of Business 
 The Company transports freight, consisting of bulk commodities, merchandise, and intermodal traffic. Bulk commodities, which typically move in large volumes across long distances, include Grain, Coal, Potash, and Fertilizers and sulphur. Merchandise freight consists of industrial and consumer products, such as Forest products, Energy, chemicals and plastics, Metals, minerals and consumer products, and Automotive. Intermodal traffic consists largely of retail goods in overseas containers that can be transported by train, ship and truck, and in domestic containers that can be moved by train and truck. 
 
 In 2022, the Company generated Freight revenues totalling 8,627 million 7,816 million in 2021). The following chart shows the percentage of the Company s total Freight revenues derived from each of the three major business lines in 2022: 

2022 Freight Revenues 

6 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 BULK 
 The Company's Bulk business represented approximately 38 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 Bulk includes the Grain, Coal, Potash, and Fertilizer and sulphur lines of business. Bulk traffic predominantly moves in unit train service moving from one origin to one destination on a single train without reclassification. The following chart shows the percentage of the Company's Bulk freight revenues by Line of business in 2022: 
 
 2022 Bulk Revenues (38 of Freight Revenues) 
 
 Grain 
 The Company s Grain business represented approximately 54 of Bulk revenues, and was 20 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company's Grain network is unique among railways in North America as it is strategically positioned in the heart of grain-producing regions of western Canada and the Northern Plains of the U.S. The Company provides a service advantage to its customers through grain transportation in 8,500-foot High Efficiency Product ("HEP") trains including high-capacity hopper cars which enables the Company to efficiently serve farmers, shippers, and the entire grain supply chain. The 8,500-foot HEP train can move approximately 40 percent more grain than the prior generation of grain train. 
 
 Canadian grain transported by the Company consists of both whole grains, such as wheat, durum, canola, pulses, and soybeans, and processed products such as meals, oils, and malt. This business is centred in the Canadian Prairies (Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and Alberta), with grain shipped primarily west to the Port of Vancouver and east to the Port of Thunder Bay for export. Grain is also shipped to the U.S., eastern Canada, and Mexico for domestic consumption. 
 
 Canadian grain includes a division of business that is regulated by the Canadian government through the Canada Transportation Act (the CTA ). This regulated business is subject to a maximum revenue entitlement MRE ). Under the CTA, railways can set their own rates for individual movements. However, the MRE governs aggregate revenue earned by the railway based on a formula that factors in the total volumes, length of haul, average revenue per ton, and inflationary adjustments. The regulation applies to western Canadian export grain shipments to the ports of Vancouver and Thunder Bay. 
 
 U.S. grain transported by the Company consists of both whole grains, such as corn, wheat, soybeans, and durum, and processed products such as feed, meals, oils, and flour. This business is centred in the states of Minnesota, North Dakota, and Iowa. Grain destined for domestic consumption is interchanged with other carriers to the U.S. Midwest, the U.S Northeast via Chicago, Illinois, and the U.S. Pacific Northwest. The Company also delivers direct shipments of U.S. grain to western Canada primarily for animal feed. In partnership with other railways, the Company moves U.S. grain to export terminals in the U.S. Pacific Northwest and the Gulf of Mexico. Export U.S. grain traffic is also shipped to the Port of Vancouver and the ports at Superior, Wisconsin and Duluth, Minnesota. 
 
 Coal 
 The Company s Coal business represented approximately 18 of Bulk revenues, and was 7 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 In Canada, the Company handles mostly metallurgical coal destined for export for use in the steelmaking process. The Company s Canadian coal traffic originates mainly from Teck Resources Limited s mines in southeastern B.C. The Company moves coal west from the mines to port terminals for export to world markets (Pacific Rim, Europe, and South America), and east for the U.S. Midwest markets. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 7 

In the U.S., the Company moves primarily thermal coal from connecting railways, serving the thermal coal fields in the Powder River Basin in Montana and Wyoming, which is delivered to power-generating facilities in the U.S. Midwest. 
 
 Potash 
 The Company's Potash business represented approximately 18 of Bulk revenues, and was 7 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company s Potash traffic moves mainly from Saskatchewan to offshore markets through the ports of Vancouver, Portland, and Thunder Bay, and to markets in the U.S. All potash shipments for export beyond Canada and the U.S. are marketed by Canpotex Limited or K+S Potash Canada. Canpotex is an export company owned in equal shares by Nutrien Ltd. and The Mosaic Company. Independently, The Mosaic Company, Nutrien Ltd., and K+S Potash Canada move domestic potash with the Company primarily to the U.S. Midwest for local application. 
 
 Fertilizers and Sulphur 
 The Company's Fertilizers and sulphur business represented approximately 10 of Bulk revenues, and was 4 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company s fertilizer traffic includes dry fertilizers, which are phosphate, urea, nitrate, and ammonium sulphate, and wet fertilizers, which are primarily anhydrous ammonia. Approximately half of the Company's fertilizer shipments originate from production facilities in Alberta, where abundant sources of natural gas and other chemicals provide feedstock for fertilizer production. 
 
 Most sulphur is produced in Alberta as a byproduct of oil and gas activity. Sulphur is a raw material used primarily in the manufacturing of sulphuric acid, which is used most extensively in the production of phosphate fertilizers. 
 
 MERCHANDISE 
 The Company s Merchandise business represented approximately 36 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 Merchandise products move in both mixed freight and unit trains in a variety of car types. Service involves delivering products to many different customers and destinations. In addition to traditional rail service, the Company moves merchandise traffic through a network of truck-rail transload facilities, expanding the reach of the Company's network to non-rail served facilities. The following chart shows the percentage of the Company's Merchandise freight revenue by Line of Business in 2022: 

2022 Merchandise Revenues (36 of Freight Revenues) 

8 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Forest Products 
 The Company s Forest products business represented approximately 13 of Merchandise revenues, and was 5 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 Forest products traffic primarily includes pulp and paper, and lumber and panel products shipped from key producing areas in B.C., Ontario, Alberta, Qu bec, the U.S. Southeast, New Brunswick, and the U.S. Northeast, to destinations throughout North America, including the U.S. Midwest, the U.S. Northeast, the U.S. Southeast, and to export markets via Vancouver. 
 
 Energy, Chemicals and Plastics 
 The Company s Energy, chemicals and plastics business represented approximately 45 of Merchandise revenues, and was 16 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company moves energy products consisting of commodities such as liquefied petroleum gas ("LPG"), fuel oil, asphalt, gasoline, and other energy products. The majority of the Company s western Canadian energy traffic originates in the Alberta Industrial Heartland, Canada's largest hydrocarbon processing region, and Saskatchewan. The Company accesses key destinations and export markets in the U.S. West Coast, the U.S. Gulf Coast, the U.S. Northeast, the U.S. Midwest, and Mexico. 
 
 The Company's biofuels traffic originates mainly from facilities in the U.S. Midwest, shipping primarily to destinations in the U.S. Northeast, the U.S. Gulf Coast, and Alberta. 
 
 The Company moves crude primarily from production facilities throughout Alberta to refining markets primarily in the Gulf Coast. The majority of the Company s crude is now moving as DRUbit TM , a sustainable heavy crude oil specifically designed for rail transportation and produced using an innovative facility known as a Diluent Recovery Unit ("DRU"), which enables the removal of diluent at origin. This technology enables the safe and economical transportation of crude oil and is cost competitive with pipeline transportation. The Company transports DRUbit TM from the Hardisty Rail Terminal in Alberta to Port Neches, Texas, via interchange in Kansas City. 
 
 The Company s chemical traffic includes products such as ethylene glycol, caustic soda, sulphuric acid, methanol, and other chemical products. These shipments originate from western Canada, the Gulf Coast, eastern Canada, and the U.S. Midwest, and move to end markets in the U.S., Canada, and overseas. 
 
 The most commonly shipped plastics products are polyethylene and polypropylene. Approximately half of the Company s plastics traffic originates in central and northern Alberta and moves to various North American destinations. 
 
 Metals, Minerals and Consumer Products 
 The Company s Metals, minerals and consumer products business represented approximately 28 of Merchandise revenues, and was 10 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company's Metals, minerals and consumer products freight revenues are generated from aggregates (including frac sand), steel, food and consumer products, and non-ferrous metals. Aggregate products include coarse particulate and composite materials such as frac sand, cement, limestone, gypsum, and other aggregate products. 
 
 The majority of frac sand originates at mines located along the Company's network in Wisconsin and moves to the Bakken and Marcellus shale formations, Permian shale basin, and other shale formations across North America. 
 
 Cement is shipped directly from production facilities in Alberta, the U.S. Midwest, Ontario, and Qu bec to energy and construction projects in the U.S. Midwest, western Canada, and the U.S. Pacific Northwest. 
 
 The Company transports steel in various forms from mills in the U.S. Midwest, the Canadian Prairies, and Ontario to a variety of industrial users. The Company carries base metals such as aluminum, zinc, and lead. The Company also moves ores from mines to smelters and refineries for processing, and the processed metal to automobile and consumer products manufacturers. 
 
 Food, consumer, and other products traffic consists of a diverse mix of goods, including food products, railway equipment, building materials, and waste products. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 9 

Automotive 
 The Company s Automotive business represented approximately 14 of Merchandise revenues, and was 5 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company s Automotive portfolio consists of four finished vehicle traffic components: Canadian-produced vehicles that ship to the U.S. from Ontario production facilities; vehicles from overseas that move through the Port of Vancouver primarily to eastern Canadian markets as well as western Canadian markets; U.S.-produced vehicles that ship cross-border to Canadian markets as well as within the U.S.; and Mexican-produced vehicles that ship to Canada and the U.S. In addition to finished vehicles, the Company ships pre-owned vehicles, machinery, and automotive parts. A comprehensive network of automotive compounds is utilized to facilitate final delivery of vehicles to dealers throughout Canada and in the U.S. 
 
 INTERMODAL 
 The Company s Intermodal business represented approximately 26 of total Freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company's Intermodal freight revenues are generated from domestic and international movements. Domestic intermodal freight consists primarily of manufactured consumer products that are predominantly moved in 53-foot containers within North America. International intermodal freight moves in marine containers to and from ports and North American inland markets. The following chart shows the percentage of the Company's Intermodal freight revenues generated from domestic intermodal and international intermodal in 2022: 

2022 Intermodal Revenues (26 of Freight Revenues) 
 
 Domestic Intermodal 
 The Company's domestic business represented approximately 53 of Intermodal revenues, and was 14 of total freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company s domestic intermodal business moves goods from a broad spectrum of industries including wholesale, retail, food, and various other commodities. Key service factors in domestic intermodal include consistent on-time delivery and the ability to provide door-to-door service. The majority of the Company s domestic intermodal business originates in Canada, where the Company markets its services directly to retailers and manufacturers and maintains direct relationships with its customers. In the U.S., the Company s service is delivered mainly through intermodal marketing companies. 
 
 International Intermodal 
 The Company's international business represented approximately 47 of Intermodal revenues, and was 12 of total freight revenues in 2022. 
 
 The Company s international intermodal business consists primarily of containerized traffic moving between the ports of Vancouver, Montr al, Saint John, and inland points across Canada and the U.S. Import traffic from the Port of Vancouver is mainly long-haul business destined for eastern Canada and the U.S. Midwest. The Company works closely with the Port of Montr al, a major year-round East Coast gateway to Europe, to serve markets primarily in Canada and the U.S. Midwest. The Company's access to the Port of Saint John provides the fastest rail service from the east coast to the Canadian and U.S. Midwest markets for import and export cargo from Europe, South America, and Asia. 

Fuel Cost Adjustment Program 
 The short-term volatility in fuel prices may adversely or positively impact revenues. The Company employs a fuel cost adjustment program designed to respond to fluctuations in fuel prices and help reduce volatility to changing fuel prices. Fuel surcharge revenues are earned on individual shipments and are based primarily on the price of On-Highway Diesel. As such, fuel surcharge revenues are a function of freight volumes and fuel prices. Fuel surcharge 

10 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 revenues accounted for approximately 15 of the Company's Freight revenues in 2022. The Company is also subject to carbon taxation systems and levies in some jurisdictions in which it operates, the costs of which are passed on to the shipper. As such, fuel surcharge revenue includes carbon taxes and levy recoveries. 
 
 Freight revenues included fuel surcharge revenues of 1,303 million in 2022, an increase of 768 million, or 144 , from 535 million in the same period of 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher fuel prices and increased carbon tax recoveries. 

Significant Customers 
 For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's revenues and operations were not dependent on any major customers. 

Competition 
 The Company is in the ground transportation and logistics business. The Company sees competition in this segment from other railways, motor carriers, ship and barge operators, and pipelines. Depending on the specific market, competing railways, motor carriers, and other competitors may exert pressure on price and service levels. The Company continually evaluates the market needs and the competition. The Company responds as it deems appropriate to provide competitive services to the market. This includes developing new offerings such as transload facilities, new train services, and other logistics services. 

Seasonality 
 Volumes and revenues from certain goods are stronger during different periods of the year. First-quarter revenues are typically lower mainly due to winter weather conditions, which results in reduced capacity under the winter operating plan with train length restrictions, the closure of the Port of Thunder Bay, and reduced transportation of retail goods. Second and third quarter revenues generally improve compared to the first quarter, as fertilizer volumes are typically highest during the second quarter and demand for construction-related goods is generally highest in the third quarter. Revenues are typically strongest in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of the transportation of grain after the harvest, fall fertilizer programs, and increased demand for retail goods moved by rail. Operating income is also affected by seasonal fluctuations. Operating income is typically lowest in the first quarter due to lower freight revenue and higher operating costs associated with winter conditions. 

Government Regulation 
 The Company s railway operations are subject to extensive federal laws, regulations, and rules in the countries in which it operates, which directly affect how operations and business activities are managed. 
 
 Canada 
 The Company s rail operations in Canada are subject to economic regulation by the Canadian Transportation Agency (the "Agency pursuant to authorities under the CTA. The CTA establishes a common carrier obligation and it indirectly regulates rates by providing shippers access to regulatory mechanisms for challenging freight rates, including ancillary charges, and access to regulated interswitching rates and long-haul interswitching rates; and regulatory mechanisms to challenge level of service. The CTA also establishes an MRE for the transportation of Canadian export grain and other agriculture products, which is administered by the Agency. Finally, the Agency makes regulatory determinations regarding the construction and abandonment of railway lines, commuter and passenger access, and noise and vibration-related disputes. 
 
 The Company s rail operations in Canada are subject to safety and security regulatory requirements enforced by Transport Canada ("TC") pursuant to the Railway Safety Act ("RSA") and the Transportation of Dangerous Goods Act (the "TDGA"). The RSA regulates safety-related aspects of railway operations in Canada, including the delegation of inspection, investigation, and enforcement powers to TC. TC is also responsible for overseeing the safe and secure transportation of dangerous goods. 
 
 Various other regulators directly and indirectly affect the Company s operations in areas such as health, safety, environment, and other matters. 
 
 U.S. 
 The Company s U.S. rail operations are subject to economic regulation by the STB. The STB provides economic regulatory oversight and administers Title 49 of the United States Code and related Code of Federal Regulations. The STB has jurisdiction over railroad rate and service issues, proposed railroad mergers, and other transactions. 
 
 The Company s U.S. operations are subject to safety regulations enforced by the Federal Railroad Administration (the FRA ), and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration PHMSA ). The FRA regulates safety-related aspects of the Company s railway operations in the U.S. under the Federal Railroad Safety Act , as well as rail portions of other safety statutes. The PHMSA regulates the safe transportation of hazardous materials by 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 11 

rail. The Company s U.S. rail operations are also subject to security regulations and directives by the Transportation Security Administration, a component of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
 
 Various other regulators directly and indirectly affect the Company s operations in areas such as health, safety, security, environmental, and other matters. 

Environmental Laws and Regulations 
 The Company s operations and real estate assets are subject to extensive federal, provincial, state, and local environmental laws and regulations governing air pollutants, greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, management and remediation of historical contaminant sites, discharges to waters and the handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials. If the Company is found to have violated such laws or regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, or operating results. In addition, in operating a railway, it is possible that releases of hazardous materials during derailments or other accidents may occur that could cause harm to human health or to the environment. Costs of remediation, damages and changes in regulations could materially affect the Company s operating results, financial condition, and reputation. 
 
 The Company has implemented an Environmental Management System to facilitate the reduction of environmental risk. Specific environmental programs are in place to address areas such as locomotive air emissions, GHG reporting, management of vegetation, wastewater, chemicals and waste, storage tanks, and fueling facilities. The Company has also undertaken environmental impact assessments and risk assessments to identify, prevent, and mitigate environmental risks. There is continued focus on preventing spills and other incidents that have a negative impact on the environment. There is an established strategic emergency response contractor network, and spill equipment kits are located across its network to ensure a rapid and efficient response in the event of an environmental incident. In addition, emergency preparedness and response plans are regularly updated and tested. 
 
 The Company has developed an environmental audit program that comprehensively, systematically, and regularly assesses the Company s facilities for compliance with legal requirements and the Company s policies for conformance to accepted industry standards. Included in this is a corrective action follow-up process and review by senior management. 
 
 The Company focuses on key strategies, identifying tactics and actions to support and operationalize our environmental commitments. The Company s strategies include: 
 Implementing measures to minimize or prevent environmental impacts from our operations and facilities, and to ensure compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations; 
 Maintaining an Environmental Management System to provide consistent, effective guidance and resources to the Company's employees in regard to the management of air emissions, dangerous goods and waste materials, emergency preparedness and response, petroleum products management, and water and wastewater systems; 
 Reducing environmental and safety risk through business processes to identify and mitigate potential environmental impacts related to all the Company's operations and activities; 
 Ensuring that new or altered operations and other business activities are evaluated, planned, permitted in accordance with applicable regulations, and executed to mitigate environmental risk; 
 Engaging with relevant stakeholders to consider and discuss the Company s environmental management practices and environmental issues and concerns associated with our operations; 
 Employing best practices, proven technologies, and safe operating standards for activities involving elevated environmental risk; and 
 Planning and preparing for emergency responses to ensure all appropriate steps are taken in the event of a derailment, spill, or other incident involving a release to the environment. 

Security 
 The Company is subject to statutory and regulatory requirements across its network that address security concerns. The Company plays a critical role in the North American transportation system. Rail lines, facilities and equipment, including railcars carrying hazardous materials, could be direct targets or indirect casualties of terrorist attacks, actions by criminal and non-criminal organizations, and activities by individuals. Regulations by the U.S. Department of Transportation and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security include speed restrictions, chain of custody, and security measures, which can impact service and increase costs for the transportation of hazardous materials, especially toxic inhalation hazards ("TIH") materials. Regulations issued by TC under the TDGA have added requirements for railway companies to take actions to mitigate security risks of transporting dangerous goods by rail. 
 
 The Company takes the following security measures: 
 The Company employs its own police service that works closely with communities and other law enforcement and government agencies to promote railway safety and infrastructure security. As a railway law enforcement agency, the Company's Police Services has a central headquarter that oversees police officers assigned to field offices responsible for railway police operations across its network. The Company's Police Services operate on the Company's rail network as well as in areas where the Company has non-railway operations; 
 The Company's Corporate Security department is committed to providing a safe and secure work environment for the Company s employees, contractors, visitors, and other authorized persons on the Company's property, and to protecting the Company s assets, operations, information, the 

12 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 public and the environment from damage, interference, and undue liability. As part of this commitment, Corporate Security is responsible for ensuring: the security of the International Supply Chain and its requisite programs; providing training and awareness to employees and contractors; assessing the risk and vulnerability of the Company s properties; establishing appropriate countermeasure to secure and protect the Company s properties and assets; and engage with customers and the public. Specifically, the Company employs the following to support these initiatives: 
 The Company s Security Management Plan is a comprehensive, risk-based plan modelled on and developed in conjunction with the security plan prepared by the Association of American Railroads post-September 11, 2001. Under this plan, the Company routinely examines and prioritizes railway assets, physical and cyber vulnerabilities, and threats, as well as tests and revises measures to provide essential railway security; 
 The Company s Public Safety Communication Centre ("PSCC") operates 24 hours a day. PSCC receives reports of emergencies, dangerous or potentially dangerous conditions, and other safety and security issues from our employees, the public, and law enforcement and other government officials. PSCC ensures that proper emergency responders and governing bodies are notified; and 
 To address cyber security risks, the Company s Enterprise Security Department implements mitigation programs that evolve with the changing technology threat environment. The Company has also worked diligently to establish backup sites to ensure a seamless transition in the event that the Company's operating systems are the target of a cyber-attack. By doing so, the Company is able to maintain network fluidity. 

Focus on Sustainability 
 Sustainability at the Company is rooted in a long-standing legacy of building for the future. We recognize that integrating sustainability into our business processes is imperative to future growth and long-term success as an organization. As one of North America s top-performing railways, we seek to continue to innovate and to advance practices to create value for the Company s stakeholders, including employees, customers, shareholders, suppliers, and local and Indigenous communities. We are proud to be recognized as a corporate sustainability leader in our industry. 
 
 To ensure that the Company manages the sustainability topics most significant to our business and stakeholders, we have structured our management approach across three strategic areas. Our sustainability practice is grounded in our commitment to safety, operational excellence, and social impact, and is designed to inspire action across our business. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 13 

Sustainability Governance 
 Recognizing the importance of sustainability to our business and to our internal and external stakeholders, the Company has established a clear governance structure to effectively communicate and respond to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") topics, while proactively implementing our commitments and practices. The Board of Directors, through its committees, is responsible for the monitoring, measurement and oversight of the Company's key risks, strategies and sustainability topics. The Risk and Sustainability Committee of the Board reviews ESG performance against short- and long-term sustainability objectives and evaluates results of stakeholder engagement to ensure alignment with the Company s strategic planning. 
 
 With oversight from the President and CEO of the Company, decisions on day-to-day implementation of the Company s sustainability priorities are guided by a cross-functional executive Sustainability Steering Committee. The Sustainability Steering Committee regularly reports progress and advances recommendations on the Company s sustainability objectives, policies, and management approach to the Risk and Sustainability Committee of the Board. 
 
 Through ongoing engagement and collaboration across and beyond our organization, the Company continually refines its sustainability approach, which is driven by our values and based on a shared sense of purpose, community, and vision for the future. We value feedback from our stakeholders, strive to learn from our performance and constantly challenge ourselves to improve our practices. As we continue to embed sustainability practices in our business, we are committed to improving our ESG disclosures to align with best practices and recognized sustainability disclosure standards. 
 
 Climate Change 
 Climate change represents a significant global challenge and the Company is committed to adapting our business and operations. The Company published its first Climate Strategy in 2021, outlining our approach to managing potential climate-related impacts, reducing our carbon footprint, and seeking to position the Company as an industry leader in the transition to a low-carbon future. As part of the Climate Strategy, the Company established science-based GHG emissions reduction targets covering 100 of Scope 1 and 2 emissions and more than half of our Scope 3 emissions. 

Science-based targets are used by many companies to establish a pathway for GHG emissions reduction across their organizations. Emissions reduction targets are considered science-based if they align with both current climate science and the objectives of the Paris Agreement. Over the past year, the Company has taken action to support the execution of our Climate Strategy. The Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) works with the private sector to set and validate science-based emissions targets, and align corporate ambitions with global goals and investor expectations for business resilience in a net-zero economy. The SBTi has developed standardized tools, resources, and sector-specific methodologies to support company-specific emissions reduction targets. The SBTi is a partnership of the World Resources Institute, CDP, United Nations Global Compact, and the World Wildlife Fund for Nature. 

14 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

To respond to the risks and opportunities posed by climate change and meet our decarbonization commitments, our Climate Strategy includes actions across five strategic pillars. We are strengthening roles and responsibilities for climate governance. The Company's President and CEO's oversight of the Sustainability Steering Committee includes performance related to climate change, while the Risk and Sustainability Committee of the Board provides oversight and reviews climate-related risks and opportunities. To lead our focus on decarbonization, we have established a Carbon Reduction Task Force, composed of the Company s industry-leading engineers and operations experts. Reporting to the Sustainability Steering Committee, the Carbon Reduction Task Force evaluates, recommends, and implements climate action measures to reduce GHG emissions and drive performance in the direction of our science-based targets. 

CP is building North America s first line-haul hydrogen-powered locomotive using fuel cells and batteries to power the locomotive s electric traction motors. In 2022, the Company advanced production on three hydrogen locomotive conversions and installing hydrogen production and fueling facilities. This industry-leading project is demonstrating the technical performance in real-world operations and generating critical industry knowledge and experience that is informing future commercialization and development activities. CP's Hydrogen Locomotive program passed a significant milestone in 2022 by completing the first successful movement and freight service testing on the initial hydrogen locomotive. 
 
 CP aligns our reporting by including the recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure ("TCFD") and has issued a TCFD aligned Index to demonstrate CP's full alignment to the recommendations. In addition, we regularly report on climate-related efforts through CDP and supplemental sustainability disclosures. 

Human Capital Management 
 The Company is focused on attracting, developing, and retaining a resilient, high-performing workforce that delivers on providing service for our customers. The Company's culture is guided by three core values: Accountability, Diversity, and Pride. These values drive our actions. Everything we do is grounded in precision scheduled railroading and our five foundations of Provide Service, Control Costs, Optimize Assets, Operate Safely, and Develop People. 
 
 A team of approximately 13,000 railroaders across North America underpins the Company s success and brings value to our customers and shareholders. Accordingly, Develop People is one of the foundations of how we do business, illustrating our focus and energy towards empowering our people, providing an engaging culture, and cultivating an industry leading team. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 15 

Total Employees and Workforce 
 An employee is defined by the Company as an individual currently engaged in full-time, part-time, or seasonal employment with CP. The total number of employees as of December 31, 2022 , was 12,754, an increase of 920 compared to 11,834 as at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Workforce is defined as total employees plus contractors and consultants. The total workforce as at December 31, 2022 was 12,824, an increase of 952 compared to 11,872 as at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Unionized Workforce 
 Class I railways are party to collective bargaining agreements with various labour unions. The majority of the Company's employees belong to labour unions and are subject to these agreements. The Company manages collaborative relationships with union members in both Canada and the U.S. 
 
 Unionized employees represent nearly 74 of our workforce and are represented by 37 active bargaining units. 
 
 Canada 
 Within Canada there are nine bargaining units representing approximately 7,200 Canadian unionized active employees. From time to time, we negotiate to renew collective agreements with various unionized groups of employees. In such cases, the collective agreements remain in effect until the bargaining process has been exhausted (pursuant to the Canada Labour Code ). Four agreements are open for renewal of which one has been tentatively agreed and in the ratification stage. Agreements are in place with the other five bargaining units in Canada, of which two collective agreements are effective until December 31, 2023, one is effective until December 31, 2024, one is effective until December 31, 2025 and the last one until December 31, 2026. 
 
 U.S. 
 In the U.S., there are currently 28 active bargaining units on four subsidiary railroads representing approximately 2,300 unionized active employees. Agreements are in place with respect to 17 bargaining units which will expire in or beyond 2023. Negotiations have concluded on 2 agreements that are pending ratification, and negotiations are ongoing with the remaining 9 agreements. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 The Company is an industry leader in rail safety and we are committed to protecting our employees, our communities, our environment, and our customers goods. The Company remained an industry leader in train accident statistics for the 17th consecutive year and achieved the lowest ever train accident frequency recorded by a Class I railway. FRA personal injury frequency for 2022 was also the second lowest ever recorded by the Company. The Company's leadership approach has been the most impactful driver of the strong safety performance metrics and we are committed to continually improving on them. Aside from running trains, many of our employees work in yards, terminals, and shops across our network with machinery and heavy equipment, or in extreme weather conditions. Their safety is of utmost importance to the Company and through 2022 we have continued to look at ways to improve safety in these areas of the operation. Operate Safely is one of our five foundations of successful railroading and it starts with knowing and following the rules. The reportable train accident and personal injury frequency rates are key metrics as part of the Company's annual incentive plan. 
 
 The ongoing reinforcement of our HomeSafe initiative continues to drive improvement by tapping into the human side of safety and promoting both safety engagement and feedback. HomeSafe defines the commitment and actions needed to ensure everyone goes home safely each day. HomeSafe puts everyone on the same level and empowers all employees to begin a safety conversation, no matter their role or position. We intend to continue strengthening our strong HomeSafe culture in 2023 through active peer engagement, safety walkabouts, and awareness initiatives. 
 
 Our reportable personal injury incidents rate per 200,000 employee-hours increased 10 to 1.01 (2021 - 0.92) and our reportable train accident rate per million train-miles decreased 15 to 0.93 (2021 - 1.10). The Company s safety performance is disclosed publicly on a quarterly basis using standardized metrics set out by the FRA. 
 
 Talent Management 
 The Company s approach for talent management begins with our Human Resources department, which oversees recruitment, development, engagement, and retention with the current and future workforce and leadership of the Company. 
 
 The Management Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors reviews and informs the Company s compensation plan and programming, and makes recommendations to the Board on succession planning for senior management and processes to identify, develop, and retain executive talent. Additionally, as part of the Company s succession planning program, senior leaders are actively engaged in building the pool of future leaders and present their development plans to the Board. 
 
 The Company maintains a number of internal policies and processes related to recruitment, relocation, compensation, employment equity, and diversity and inclusion. The effective implementation of these policies alongside our ongoing workforce initiatives ensures the Company s attraction and 

16 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 recruitment, employee development, succession, engagement, and diversity and inclusion practices are consistent and aligned with the Company s commitments, foundations, and values. 
 
 Attraction and Recruitment 
 We employ a number of recruitment strategies and retention tactics to attract and retain talent across North America. The Company offers many rewarding career opportunities in a variety of roles within the organization in both operating and support functions. We base our recruitment strategy on workforce planning needs, and our focus is on ensuring that we have a diverse candidate pool to fill our open positions. 
 
 The Company recognizes the valuable skills and experience that veterans have gained from serving their country. Our veteran program was recognized as part of Canada's Best Diversity Employers of 2021 and we were named part of the top 10 Military Friendly Employers in the U.S. for 2023. The Company was also named Canada's Top 100 Employers for 2023 as well as Alberta's Top 75 Employers for 2023. 
 
 The Company tracks recruitment performance and success rates to better understand which tactics, benefits, and strategic partnerships are most successful in bringing in and retaining new talent. 
 
 Talent Development Succession 
 As part of our core foundation and commitment to Develop People, we encourage all employees to take an active role in their career planning and development. We believe that investing in our employees leads to improved workplace morale and fosters a supportive working environment. 
 
 Training and Development 
 One of the Company s five foundations is to Develop People, which is integral to the way we do business at the railway. Our strategy involves delivering specialized training, best practices, and skill-broadening opportunities to all employees. 
 
 The Company offers a variety of training opportunities, providing both technical/on-the-job training, role-specific offerings as well as optional courses. Training includes instructor-led classes and online on-demand, self-directed online learning. 
 
 Non-union employees also complete annual performance management and development action plans with their leaders to set individual goals tied to the Company's five key foundations and track progress against Company expectations as well as career development goals. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 Diversity is one of our core values. We believe that different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives enhance creativity and innovation and encourage diversity of thought in the workplace. Fostering an inclusive environment where all employees feel empowered to strive for and achieve success supports our high-performance culture and is integral to our growth and success as an organization. Our Diversity and Inclusion team with support from senior leadership is responsible for developing programs and initiatives to achieve our diversity commitments. We are continually working on programs and opportunities to ensure we are attracting, retaining, and developing the best people and skill sets for the Company. The Company is committed to increasing diversity throughout all levels of the organization. 
 
 The Company recognizes the importance of Board member diversity as a critical component of objective oversight and continuous improvement. As of December 31, 2022, four of the nine directors (44 are women. Additionally, one of our male directors identifies as a minority, which makes the majority of the Board of Directors (56 members of "designated groups" as defined in the Employment Equity Act of Canada. 
 
 The Company has regulatory requirements to report on workforce diversity representation in Canada (Employment Equity Act) and the U.S. (Equal Employment Opportunity Commission). The Company currently collects diversity data on the following categories: women, persons with disabilities, minorities (visible minorities), and Indigenous peoples (Canada) from employees through voluntary self-disclosure. The Company continues to focus our efforts on attracting, recruiting, and developing a diverse workforce. This data is shared in various disclosures and government reporting, internally with employees and leaders, as well as our Board of Directors. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 17 

Year over Year Diversity Representation 
 Canada and U.S. Diversity Percentages (1) 
 2022 2021 Women 9 10 Persons with disabilities 3 3 Minorities (visible minorities) (2) 
 16 14 Indigenous peoples (Canada only) 4 3 
 (1) Percentages are based on total active employees at year-end. 
 (2) Minority is a term used in the U.S., Visible Minority is a term used in Canada. 
 
 The Company continues to work collaboratively with our employees, communities, and partner organizations along our network to progress and support the Company s commitment toward a more representative and inclusive workplace. Some of our initiatives include: 
 Establishing three diversity councils (Indigenous, Gender, and Racial). Each council is chaired by an executive and represents a diverse group of employees. The councils work to ensure we consider diversity and inclusion when we make decisions, provide feedback on corporate directions and promote initiatives that relate to each council s area of focus; 
 Providing a company wide diversity and inclusion anonymous survey, the results of which aid in putting in place initiatives and educational opportunities; 
 Continuing our existing partnerships with associations and organizations that attract, recruit, and support skilled immigrants, transitioning veterans, persons with disabilities, and women; 
 Working with Indigenous groups to develop relationships that are more meaningful, create targeted outreach programs and employment opportunities, and better understand Indigenous history, culture, and opportunities for collaboration; 
 Supporting the development and advancement of women at the Company; and 
 Increasing employee awareness regarding the Company s workplace diversity and inclusion practices through communications, education, and training. 
 
 We pride ourselves on offering a diverse workplace with a variety of careers in both our corporate and field locations. We recruit and hire talent based on relevant skills and experience, and seek to attract the highest quality candidates regardless of gender, age, cultural heritage, or ethnic origin. One of our primary objectives is attracting, recruiting, retaining, and developing a workforce representative of the communities in which we operate. 

Available Information 
 The Company makes available on or through its website www.cpr.ca free of charge, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website also contains charters for each of the committees of our Board of Directors, our corporate governance guidelines and our Code of Business Ethics. This Form 10-K and other SEC filings made by the Company are also accessible through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 All references to our websites contained herein do not constitute incorporation by reference of information contained on such websites and such information should not be considered part of this document. 

18 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the Company's forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively, "forward-looking statements"). 
 
 The information set forth in this Item 1A. Risk Factors should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information included in this annual report, including Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Business and Operational Risks 
 As a common carrier, the Company is required by law to transport dangerous goods and hazardous materials, which could expose the Company to significant costs and claims. Railways, including the Company, are legally required to transport dangerous goods and hazardous materials as part of their common carrier obligations regardless of risk or potential exposure to loss. The Company transports dangerous goods and hazardous materials, including but not limited to crude oil, ethanol, and TIH materials such as chlorine gas and anhydrous ammonia. A train accident involving hazardous materials could result in significant claims against the Company arising from personal injury, property or natural resource damage, environmental penalties, and remediation obligations. Such claims, if insured, could exceed the existing insurance coverage commercially available to the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results, and liquidity. The Company is also required to comply with rules and regulations regarding the handling of dangerous goods and hazardous materials across its network. Noncompliance with these rules and regulations can subject the Company to significant penalties and could factor in litigation arising out of a train accident. Changes to these rules and regulations could also increase operating costs, reduce operating efficiencies and impact service delivery. 

The Company faces competition from other transportation providers and failure to compete effectively could adversely affect financial results. The Company faces significant competition for freight transportation across its network, including competition from other railways, motor carriers, ship and barge operators, and pipelines. Competition is based mainly on quality of service, freight rates, and access to markets. Other transportation modes generally use public rights-of-way that are built and maintained by government entities, while the Company and other railways must use internal resources to build and maintain their rail networks. Competition with the trucking industry is generally based on freight rates, flexibility of service, and transit time performance. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, or legislation that eliminates or significantly reduces the burden of the size or weight limitations currently applicable to trucking carriers, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial results. 
 
 The operations of carriers with which the Company interchanges may adversely affect operations. The Company's ability to provide rail services to customers across its network also depends upon its ability to maintain cooperative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. Deterioration in the operations or services provided by connecting carriers, or in the Company's relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in the Company's inability to meet customers' demands or require the Company to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

The Company may be affected by acts of terrorism, war, or risk of war. The Company plays a critical role in the North American transportation system and therefore could become the target for acts of terrorism or war. The Company is also involved in the transportation of hazardous materials, which could result in the Company's equipment or infrastructure being direct targets or indirect casualties of terrorist attacks. Acts of terrorism, or other similar events, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war could cause significant business interruption to the Company and may adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

The Company may be affected by fluctuating fuel prices. Fuel expense constitutes a significant portion of the Company s operating costs. Fuel prices can be subject to dramatic fluctuations, and significant price increases could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations. The Company currently employs a fuel cost adjustment program to help reduce volatility in changing fuel prices, but the Company cannot be certain that it will always be able to fully mitigate rising or elevated fuel costs through this program. Factors affecting fuel prices include worldwide oil demand, international politics, weather, refinery capacity, supplier and upstream outages, unplanned infrastructure failures, environmental and sustainability policies, and labour and political instability. 

The Company relies on technology and technological improvements to operate its business and we are subject to cybersecurity risks. Information technology is critical to all aspects of t he Company s business, and the Company relies on technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. Although the Company devotes significant resources to protect its technology systems and proprietary data, there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems after such incidents or attacks do occur. The Company is continually evaluating attackers techniques and tactics, and the Company is diligent in its monitoring, training, planning, and prevention. However, due to the increasing sophistication of 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 19 

cyber-attacks and greater complexity in our IT supply chain, the Company may be unable to anticipate or implement appropriate preventive measures to detect and respond to a security breach. This includes the raising rates of reported ransomware events, increased human error, or other cyber-attack methods disrupting t he Company s systems or the systems of third parties. If the Company or third parties whose technology systems we rely on were to experience a significant disruption or failure of one or more of their information technology or communications systems (either as a result of an intentional cyber or malicious act, or an unintentional error) it could result in significant service interruptions or other failures, safety failures, other operational difficulties unauthorized access to, the loss of access to or misappropriation of competitively sensitive, confidential or other critical information or systems, loss of customers, financial losses, regulatory fines, and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The Company also may experience security breaches that could remain undetected for an extended period and, therefore, have a greater impact on the services we offer. In addition, if t he Company is unable to acquire or implement new technology in general, the Company may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

Human Capital Risks 
 The availability of qualified personnel could adversely affect the Company's operations. Changes in employee demographics, training requirements and the availability of qualified personnel, particularly locomotive engineers and trainpersons, could negatively impact the Company s ability to meet demand for rail services. Unpredictable increases in the demand for rail services may increase the risk of having insufficient numbers of trained personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, changes in operations and other technology improvements may significantly impact the number of employees required to meet the demand for rail services. 

Strikes or work stoppages could adversely affect the Company's operations. Class I railways are party to collective bargaining agreements with various labour unions. The majority of the Company's employees belong to labour unions and are subject to these agreements. Disputes with regard to the terms of these agreements or the Company's potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions could result in, among other things, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns, or lockouts, which could cause a significant disruption of the Company's operations and have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, future national labour agreements, or provisions of labour agreements related to health care, could significantly increase the Company's costs for health and welfare benefits, which could have a material adverse impact on its financial condition and liquidity. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 The Company is subject to significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating and environmental matters. The Company s railway operations are subject to extensive federal laws, regulations and rules in the countries it operates. Operations are subject to economic and safety regulations in Canada primarily by the Agency and TC. The Company s U.S. operations are subject to economic and safety regulation by the STB and the FRA. Any new rules from our regulators could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity as well as its ability to invest in enhancing and maintaining vital infrastructure. Various other regulators, including the FRA, and its sister agency within the U.S. Department of Transportation, the PHMSA, directly and indirectly affect the Company s operations in areas such as health, safety, security, environmental and other matters. Together, FRA and PHMSA have broad jurisdiction over railroad operating standards and practices, including track, freight cars, locomotives, and hazardous materials requirements. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA has regulatory authority with respect to matters that impact the Company's properties and operations. Additional regulation of the rail industry by these regulators or federal and state or provincial legislative bodies, whether under new or existing laws, may result in increased capital expenditures and operating costs and could have a significant negative impact on the Company s ability to determine prices for rail services and result in a material adverse effect in the future on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations, and liquidity in a particular year or quarter. This potential material adverse effect could also result in reduced capital spending on the Company s rail network or in abandonment of lines. 
 
 The Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in significant costs. The Company s operations are subject to extensive federal, state, provincial (Canada) and local environmental laws concerning, among other matters, emissions to the air, land, and water, and the handling of hazardous materials and wastes. Violation of these laws and regulations can result in significant fines and penalties, as well as other potential impacts on the Company s operations. These laws can impose strict, and in some circumstances, joint and several liability on both current and former owners, and on operators of facilities. Such environmental liabilities may also be raised by adjacent landowners or third parties. In addition, in operating a railway, it is possible that releases of hazardous materials during derailments or other accidents may occur that could cause harm to human health or to the environment. Costs of remediation, damages and changes in regulations could materially affect the Company s operating results and reputation. The Company has been, and may in the future be, subject to allegations or findings to the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable under, environmental laws or regulations. The Company currently has obligations at existing sites for investigation, remediation and monitoring, and will likely have obligations at other sites in the future. The actual costs associated with both current and long-term liabilities may vary from the Company s estimates due to a number of factors including, but not limited to changes in: the content or interpretation of environmental laws and regulations; required remedial actions; technology associated with site investigation or remediation; and the involvement and financial viability of other parties that may be responsible for portions of those liabilities. 

20 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 The Company may be subject to claims and litigation that could result in significant expenditures. Due to the nature of its operations, the Company is exposed to the potential for claims and litigation arising out of personal injury, property damage or freight damage, employment, labour, contract or other commercial disputes, and environmental or other liability. The Company accrues for potential losses in accordance with applicable accounting standards, based on ongoing assessments of the likelihood of an adverse result in a claim or litigation together with the monetary relief or other damages sought or potentially recoverable. Material changes to litigation trends, a significant rail or other incident or series of incidents involving freight damage or loss, property damage, personal injury, or environmental or other liability, and other significant matters could have a material adverse impact to the Company's operations, reputation, financial position or liquidity. 

Supply Chain Risks 
 Disruptions within the supply chain could negatively affect the Company's operational efficiencies and increase costs. The North American transportation system is integrated. The Company s operations and service may be negatively impacted by service disruptions of other transportation links, such as ports, handling facilities, customer facilities, and other railways. A prolonged service disruption at one of these entities could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

The Company is dependent on certain key suppliers of core railway equipment and materials that could result in increased price volatility or significant shortages of materials, which could adversely affect results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Due to the complexity and specialized nature of core railway equipment and infrastructure (including rolling stock equipment, locomotives, rail and ties), there can be a limited number of suppliers of rail equipment and materials available. Should these specialized suppliers cease production or experience capacity or supply shortages, this concentration of suppliers could result in the Company experiencing cost increases or difficulty in obtaining rail equipment and materials, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, the Company s operations are dependent on the availability of diesel fuel. A significant fuel supply shortage arising from production decreases, increased demand in existing or emerging foreign markets, disruption of oil imports, disruption of domestic refinery production, damage to refinery or pipeline infrastructure, political unrest, war or other factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity in a particular year or quarter. 

Risks Related to the Kansas City Southern Transaction 
 Following the closing of the KCS acquisition into a voting trust, although the Company does not control KCS, KCS s operational and financial performance could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. On December 14, 2021, the KCS acquisition closed into a voting trust, whereby the Company indirectly acquired a 100 beneficial ownership interest in KCS but does not control KCS. KCS s voting stock was deposited into a voting trust that insulates KCS from control by the Company. The Company will not control KCS until STB control approval is obtained. Until that time, KCS will be managed by its own executive team overseen by its own Board of Directors and the voting trust. 
 
 The voting trust precludes the Company from exercising control over the business strategy or other operational aspects of KCS. The Company s investment in this unconsolidated entity was considered significant under Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company cannot provide assurance that KCS will operate in a manner that will increase the value of the Company s investments, that the Company s income or losses from KCS will continue at the current level in the future, or that the Company will not incur losses from KCS. Write-downs to the carrying amount of the Company s equity interest could adversely impact the Company s results of operations. 
 
 The Company incurred substantial indebtedness in connection with consummation of the acquisition, which may pose risks and/or intensify existing risks. Prior to the closing into voting trust that occurred on December 14, 2021, the Company incurred additional indebtedness of approximately U.S. 6.7 billion and 2.2 billion notes and a U.S. 500 million term loan to indirectly fund the acquisition. 
 
 The foregoing indebtedness, as well as any additional indebtedness we may incur, could have the effect, among other things, of reducing our liquidity and may limit our flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 
 
 Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic, financial and business conditions, sufficient cash flow from KCS during the period in which it is in the voting trust, the implementation of the integration with KCS (if the STB approves our assuming control of KCS), and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, we may be required to redeem all of the outstanding 2.450 notes due 2031 and 3.000 notes due 2041 pursuant to a special mandatory redemption requirement of those notes, which could have a significant adverse impact on the business and financial condition of the Company. For more information, see " The combination is subject to final approval by the STB, and there can be no assurance as to whether and when it may be approved or if such approval will be granted with conditions acceptable to the parties; accordingly, the combination may be delayed, jeopardized or prevented entirely and the anticipated benefits of the combination could be reduced". 
 
 Our increased indebtedness could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages relative to other companies with lower debt levels. If we obtain control of KCS but we do not achieve the 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 21 

expected benefits and cost savings from the combination, or if the financial performance of the combined company does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted. 
 
 The agreements that govern the indebtedness that has been incurred in connection with the KCS acquisition contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain customary exceptions, restrict our ability to, among other things, create liens over our property, change our line of business and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to another person. In addition, some of the agreements that govern our debt financings contain a financial covenant that requires us to maintain certain financial ratios. Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants and failure to comply with them could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations. Under these circumstances, we may not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. 
 
 Moreover, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 The pendency of the STB's regulatory review of the combination could have an adverse effect on the Company s businesses, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or the market value of the Company s common stock and debt securities. The pendency of the regulatory review of the combination could disrupt the Company s businesses, and uncertainty about the outcome of that review may have an adverse effect on the Company or the combined company. The attention of the Company s management may be directed towards obtaining final approval from the STB and addressing related requests from the third parties for conditions on STB approval and may be diverted from the day-to-day business operations of the Company. Matters related to the combination may require commitments of time and resources that could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that might have been beneficial to the Company. Further, the combination may give rise to potential liabilities, including as a result of pending and future shareholder lawsuits relating to the combination. In addition, the Company has incurred, and expects to incur additional, material non-recurring expenses in connection with the completion of the combination. Any of these matters could adversely affect the businesses of, or harm the results of operations, financial condition or cash flows of the Company, and the market value of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The combination is subject to final approval by the STB, and there can be no assurance as to whether and when it may be approved or if such approval will be granted with conditions acceptable to the parties; accordingly, the combination may be delayed, jeopardized or prevented entirely and the anticipated benefits of the combination could be reduced. The STB has the authority to impose conditions on its approval of a control transaction to alleviate competitive and other public interest harm. If such conditions were imposed, the anticipated benefits of the combination might be reduced. There is no assurance that final approval from the STB will be obtained or obtained on terms acceptable to the Company. 
 
 In addition, the STB's review process allows railroad competitors of the Company and KCS and other interested parties to intervene to oppose the STB application or seek conditions in the event approval by the STB is granted, which might delay the approval process or reduce the anticipated benefits of the combination. For example, on February 28, 2022, CN filed a responsive application asking the STB to condition any approval of a CP-KCS combination on the divestiture of KCS lines from Kansas City, Missouri to Springfield and East St. Louis, Illinois to CN, pursuant to the STB s statutory authority to order the divestiture of parallel tracks as a merger condition. Furthermore, if the STB does not provide final approval or imposes conditions on its approval in a final order, and the Company and KCS decide to appeal such final order from the STB, any such appeal might not be resolved for a substantial period of time after the entry of such order by the STB. 
 
 If we determine in our reasonable judgment that the STB final approval will not be sought or has not or will not be received prior to March 25, 2023, then we will be required to redeem all of the outstanding 2.450 notes due 2031 and 3.000 notes due 2041 at a special mandatory redemption price equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount of the applicable notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The Company may not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy such repurchase obligation, which could have a significant adverse impact on the business and financial condition of the Company. 
 
 If either (i) final approval from the STB has not been obtained by December 31, 2023 or (ii) the STB has, by a final and non-appealable order, refused to provide final approval (an STB denial ), the Company would be required to dispose of its investment in KCS. Similarly, if the STB imposes onerous conditions on its final approval, the Company may choose to dispose of its investment in KCS rather than agreeing to the conditions imposed by the STB. In either case, the Company would be obligated under the voting trust agreement to directly or indirectly divest the trust stock in a manner that is acceptable to the STB. In the case of a divestiture, the market and divestiture alternatives for the trust stock might be limited, and such a disposition could cause the Company to incur significant losses and expenses in connection with the transaction, which could have a significant adverse impact on the business and financial condition of the Company. 
 
 The Company may be unable to integrate KCS successfully, and the Company may not experience the growth being sought from the combination. The Company and KCS have operated and, until the receipt of final approval from the STB, will continue to operate, independently. 

22 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Integrating KCS with CP following STB approval of CP control will involve operational, technological and personnel-related challenges. This process will be time-consuming and expensive, may disrupt the businesses of either or both of the companies, and may reduce the growth opportunities sought from the combination. There can be no guarantee of the successful integration of KCS or that the combined company will realize the anticipated benefits of the business combination, whether financial, strategic or otherwise, and this may be exacerbated by changes to the economic, political and global environment in which the merged company would operate. 

Climate-Related Risks 
 Climate change presents both physical and transition risks to our business. A summary of climate-related risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results is discussed below. 
 
 Physical Risks 
 Changing climate conditions, severe weather or natural disasters could result in significant business interruptions and costs to the Company. The Company is exposed to severe weather conditions and natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, floods, fires, avalanches, mudslides, extreme temperatures, and significant precipitation that may cause track outages, severe damage to infrastructure, and business interruptions that can adversely affect the Company s entire rail network. These events can result in substantial costs to respond during the event and recover following the event. Costs can include modifications to existing infrastructure or implementation of new infrastructure to prevent future impacts to our business. 
 
 Impacts from these types of events are highly variable based on the severity and length of the event and scope of network impact. Climate-related changes such as rising mean temperatures and severe weather events can increase physical climate risk potentially compounding impacts to the business and operations. Such events have had and in the future could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 Insurance maintained by the Company to protect against loss of business and other related consequences resulting from these natural occurrences is subject to coverage limitations, depending on the nature of the risk insured. This insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of the Company's damages or damages to others, and may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. Even with insurance, if any natural occurrence leads to a catastrophic interruption of services, the Company may not be able to restore services without a significant interruption in operations. 

Transition Risks 
 Reputational Risks 
 The Company has established GHG emission reduction targets to guide the implementation of the Company's Climate Strategy. The Company's inability to achieve GHG emissions reduction targets could negatively impact both our reputation and financial results. The Company has established two science-based GHG emissions reduction targets to address a substantial portion of the Company's Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions by 2030. The primary risks associated with achieving these commitments include but are not limited to future investments in and the availability of GHG emissions-reduction tools and technologies, significant changes in the Company's GHG emissions profile as a result of changes to its railway asset base, the Company's ability to work with governments and third parties to mitigate the impacts of climate change, domestic and international economic conditions, including exchange rates, the effects of competition and regulation, uncertainties in the financial markets, capital spending, actions of vendors, the willingness of customers to acquire our services, cost of network expansion, maintenance and retrofits, and physical impact of climate change on our business. Our targets are subject to the successful implementation of the actions and plans outlined in the Climate Strategy as well as the accuracy of the assumptions in the science-based methodology used to calculate these targets. We cannot assure that the Company's plans to reduce GHG emissions will be viable or successful. Inability to meet GHG emissions reduction targets could have a material adverse effect on the Company's reputation, results of operations, or financial position. 

Policy and Regulatory Risks 
 An escalating price on carbon emissions could materially increase direct costs related to fuel purchases and indirect expenses related to purchased goods, materials, and electricity required to operate our business. As a fuel-intensive operation, the Company is exposed to both emerging and escalating carbon pricing regulations. The Company is regulated under multiple carbon taxation systems and cap and trade market mechanisms in the Canadian provinces in which we operate. Approximately 75 of the Company s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions are generated through our operations in Canada and are impacted by carbon pricing mechanisms. 
 
 In most provinces, energy providers and utilities are directly regulated through carbon pricing programs. The Company s carbon costs are generally assessed by our primary fuel suppliers based on fuel purchase transactions. The amount collected by our suppliers follows current regulatory carbon pricing rates multiplied by the total volume of fuel purchased. The Company s carbon costs are also paid to a province as part of tax returns in some locations, based on reported locomotive fuel consumption in a specific region. The Company is further exposed to carbon pricing through electricity purchases, where electric utilities pass on carbon costs to customers. Introduction of, or changes to, regulations by government bodies in response to climate change that increase the cost of carbon emissions could result in a significant increase in expenses and could adversely affect our business performance, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 23 

Market Risks 
 A number of the sectors the Company serves have the potential to be significantly impacted by climate-related transitional risks, including increased regulations, technology changes, and shifts in consumer preferences. The Company s business is based on transporting a wide variety of commodities from suppliers to the marketplace. The Company regularly transports energy commodities that serve refineries, processing locations, and end-users across North America and global markets. The Company s business lines include thermal and metallurgical coal, crude oil and petroleum products, including liquefied petroleum gas, fuel oil, asphalt, gasoline, condensate (diluent), and lubricant oils. 
 
 Shifting consumer demand to lower-carbon products and increased climate-focused regulations, such as carbon pricing and fuel regulations, may instigate a broad transition in the energy sector. Programs that place a price on carbon emissions or other government restrictions on certain market sectors may further impact current and potential freight rail customers in the energy sector. A comprehensive transition in the energy sector could significantly impact the markets of the Company's energy customers or lead to market differentiation through geographic variation in policies and demand trends. A portion of the Company s business could be materially affected by potential future changes and instability such a transition. 

General Risk Factors 
 Global Risks 
 Global economic conditions could negatively affect demand for commodities and other freight transported by the Company. A decline or disruption in domestic, cross border or global economic conditions that affect the supply or demand for the commodities that the Company transports may decrease the Company s freight volumes and may result in a material adverse effect on the Company s financial or operating results and liquidity. Economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of one or more large customers could have a significant impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations, and liquidity in a particular year or quarter. 
 
 Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been adversely affected, and in the future, could be adversely affected by pandemics or other public health crises. The future impacts of COVID-19 on the Company's business or operating and financial results are unpredictable and cannot be identified or assessed with certainty at this time. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the global economy and resulted in a widespread economic downturn which has adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact demand for our services and otherwise cause interruptions, including fluctuations to commodity prices, disruptions or restrictions on the ability to transport freight in the ordinary course, temporary closures of facilities and ports, or the facilities and ports of our customers, partners, suppliers or other third-party service providers, and/or changes to export/import restrictions. The pandemic caused by COVID-19 has impacted and may continue to impact the seasonal trends that typically characterize our revenues and operating income. There is no assurance that the pandemic will not continue to have a material and adverse impact on our business or results of operations. Additionally, our operations could be further negatively affected if a significant number of our employees are unable to perform their normal duties, including because of contracting COVID-19 or based on further direction from governments, public health authorities or regulatory agencies. The extent of the impact, if any, will depend on developments, many of which are beyond our control, including actions taken by governments, financial institutions, monetary policy authorities, and public health authorities to contain and respond to public health concerns and general economic conditions as a result of the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in continued substantial market volatility and declines, which could adversely impact future net periodic benefit costs and funding requirements of the Company s pension plans. Furthermore, certain impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including demand for our services and to economic conditions generally, could continue following the pandemic or the expiration or termination of government actions in respect of the pandemic. 
 
 We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required or recommended by federal, provincial, state or local authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers, shareholders, and other stakeholders. We cannot be certain of potential effects that any such alterations or modifications may have on our business or operating and financial results in future fiscal periods. 
 
 To the extent COVID-19 adversely affects our business or operating and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described above and below. In addition, we could be materially and adversely affected by other public health crises, including another widespread epidemic or pandemic. 

Liquidity Risks 
 The state of capital markets could adversely affect the Company's liquidity. Weakness in the capital and credit markets could negatively impact the Company s access to capital. From time to time, the Company relies on the capital markets to provide some of its capital requirements, including the issuance of long-term debt instruments and commercial paper. Significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets and the credit markets, or deterioration of the Company's financial condition due to internal or external factors could restrict or eliminate the Company's access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources, including bank credit facilities and issuance of corporate bonds. Instability or disruptions of the capital markets and deterioration of the Company's financial condition, alone or in combination, could also result in a reduction in the Company's credit rating to below investment grade, which could also further prohibit or restrict the Company from accessing external sources of short-term and long-term debt financing, and/or significantly increase the associated costs. 

24 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Network Geography 
 The Company operates on a network of approximately 13,000 miles of first main track, of which the Company accesses 2,100 miles under trackage rights. The Company's owned track miles include leases with wholly owned subsidiaries where the term of the lease exceeds 99 years. The Company's track miles do not include approximately miles of tracks owned and operated by KCS and its subsidiaries. The Company's track network represents the size of the Company's operations that connects markets, customers, and other railways. Of the total mileage operated, approximately 5,200 miles are located in western Canada, 2,500 miles in eastern Canada (including CMQ Canada), 4,500 miles in the U.S. Midwest, and 600 miles in the U.S. Northeast. The Company s network accesses the U.S. markets directly through four wholly owned subsidiaries: Soo Line Railroad Company Soo Line ), a Class I railway operating in the U.S. Midwest; the Dakota, Minnesota Eastern Railroad ("DM E"), which operates in the U.S. Midwest; Delaware Hudson Railway Company, Inc., which operates between eastern Canada and the U.S. Northeast; and the Central Maine Quebec Railway U.S. Inc., which operates in the U.S. Northeast. 
 
 The Company s network in Canada extends from the Port of Vancouver, B.C. on Canada s Pacific Coast to the Port of Montr al, Qu bec and eastern Qu bec and to the Port of Saint John, New Brunswick via a haulage agreement, and to the U.S. industrial centres of Chicago, Illinois; Detroit, Michigan; Buffalo and Albany, New York; Kansas City, Missouri; and Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

At December 31, 2022, the breakdown of the Company's operated track miles is as follows: 
 Total First main track 12,822 Second and other main track 1,041 Passing sidings and yard track 4,256 Industrial and way track 866 Total track miles 18,985 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 25 

Rail Facilities 
 The Company operates numerous facilities including: terminals for intermodal, transload, automotive and other freight; classification rail yards for train-building and switching, storage-in-transit and other activities; offices to administer and manage operations; dispatch centres to direct traffic on the rail network; crew quarters to house train crews along the rail line; shops and other facilities for fuelling; maintenance and repairs of locomotives; and facilities for maintenance of freight cars and other equipment. The Company continues to invest in terminal upgrades and new facilities to accommodate incremental growth in volumes. Typically in all of our major yards, the Company's Police Services has offices to ensure the safety and security of the yards and operations. 

Equipment 
 The Company's equipment includes: owned and leased locomotives and railcars; heavy maintenance equipment and machinery; other equipment and tools in our shops, offices and facilities; and vehicles for maintenance, transportation of crews, and other activities. In this section, owned equipment includes units acquired by the Company, equipment leased to third parties, units held under finance leases, and equipment leased to the Company under short-term or long-term operating leases. 
 
 The Company s locomotive fleet is composed of largely high-adhesion alternating current locomotives that are more fuel efficient and reliable and have superior hauling capacity as compared with standard direct current locomotives. The Company has entered into locomotive leases in the past to ensure there is appropriate capacity to meet market demand. The Company s locomotive productivity, defined as the daily average GTMs divided by daily average operating horsepower, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 196 and 201 GTMs per Operating horsepower, respectively. Operating horsepower excludes units offline, tied up or in storage, or in use on other railways, and includes foreign units online. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 262 locomotives in storage. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned or leased the following locomotive units: 
 Locomotives Owned Leased Total Average Age (in years) Line haul 767 56 823 14 Road switcher 536 7 543 30 Total locomotives 1,303 63 1,366 21 
 
 The Company s average in-service utilization percentage for freight cars, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 79 and 83 , respectively. Average in-service utilization is defined as average active fleet for the year divided by total cars, excluding company service cars and tank cars as these are utilized only as required for non-revenue movements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned and leased the following freight cars: 
 
 Freight cars Owned Leased Total Average Age (in years) Box car 2,336 421 2,757 31 Covered hopper 11,038 5,592 16,630 15 Flat car 1,405 1,110 2,515 27 Gondola 3,579 1,721 5,300 21 Intermodal 1,264 149 1,413 17 Multi-level autorack 2,654 1,103 3,757 26 Company service car 2,374 176 2,550 46 Open top hopper 11 11 33 Tank car 30 10 40 16 Total freight cars 24,691 10,282 34,973 21 

26 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned and leased the following units of intermodal equipment: 
 
 Intermodal equipment Owned Leased Total Average Age (in years) Containers 7,548 7,548 6 Chassis 7,075 99 7,174 12 Total intermodal equipment 14,623 99 14,722 9 

Headquarters Office Building 
 The Company owns and operates a multi-building campus in Calgary encompassing the head office building, a data centre, training facility, and other office and operational buildings. 
 
 The Company's main dispatch centre is located in Calgary, and is the primary dispatching facility in Canada. Rail traffic controllers coordinate and dispatch crews, and manage the day-to-day locomotive management across the network, 24 hours a day, and seven days a week. The operations centre has a complete backup system in the event of any power disruption. 
 
 In addition to fully operational redundant systems, the Company has a fully integrated Business Continuity Centre, should the Company's operations centre be affected by any natural disaster, fire, cyber-attack, or hostile threat. 
 
 The Company also maintains a secondary dispatch centre located in Minneapolis, where a facility similar to the one in Calgary exists. It services the dispatching needs of locomotives and train crews working in the U.S. 

Capital Expenditures 
 The Company incurs expenditures to expand and enhance its rail network, rolling stock, and other infrastructure. These expenditures are aimed at improving efficiency and safety of our operations. Such investments are also an integral part of the Company's multi-year capital program and support growth initiatives. For further details, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Encumbrances 
 Refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 15 Debt, for information on the Company's finance lease obligations and assets held as collateral under these agreements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 For further details, refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 24 Commitments and contingencies. 
 
 SEC regulations require the disclosure of any proceeding under environmental laws to which a government authority is a party unless the registrant reasonably believes it will not result in sanctions over a certain threshold. The Company uses a threshold of U.S. 1 million for the purposes of determining proceedings requiring disclosure. 
 
 From time to time, the Company or its subsidiaries may be subject to information requests from U.S. State or Federal environmental regulatory authorities inquiring as to the Company s compliance or remediation practices in the U.S. In September 2020, the Company received an initial request for information from the EPA inquiring into the Company s compliance with the mobile source provisions of the Clean Air Act CAA ). The Company has been providing information in response to the EPA s initial and follow-up requests, and the EPA has issued Notices of Violations, which preliminarily identify certain categories of alleged non-compliance with civil provisions of the CAA pertaining to locomotives and locomotive engines. In December 2022, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ sent a communication requesting a meeting with the Company to discuss potentially resolving any alleged noncompliance which included an initial draft consent decree from the DOJ. Neither the EPA nor the DOJ has issued a final compendium of alleged violations, demand for corrective or mitigating actions, or articulated a preliminary civil penalty assessment, and it remains too early to provide a fulsome evaluation of the likely outcome with respect to either the nature of any alleged violations or the amount of any potential civil penalty. The Company will continue to fully cooperate and engage in discussions to resolve the matter. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 27 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

28 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Our executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and they hold office until their successors are appointed, subject to resignation, retirement or removal by the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships among our officers, nor any arrangement or understanding between any officer and any other person pursuant to which the officer was selected. As of the date of this filing, the executive officers names, ages, and business experience are: 

Name, Age and Position Business Experience Keith Creel, 54 President and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Creel became President and CEO of the Company on January 31, 2017. Previously, he was President and Chief Operating Officer ("COO") from February 5, 2013, to January 30, 2017. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Creel was Executive Vice-President and COO at CN from January 2010 to February 2013. During his time at CN, Mr. Creel held various positions including Executive Vice-President, Operations, Senior Vice-President Eastern Region, Senior Vice-President Western Region, and Vice-President of the Prairie Division. Mr. Creel began his railroad career at Burlington Northern Railway in 1992 as an intermodal ramp manager in Birmingham, Alabama. He also spent part of his career at Grand Trunk Western Railroad as a superintendent and general manager, and at Illinois Central Railroad as a trainmaster and director of corridor operations, prior to its merger with CN in 1999. Mr. Creel holds a Bachelor of Science in marketing from Jacksonville State University and completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. Nadeem Velani, 50 Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Velani has been Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of the Company since October 17, 2017. Previous to this appointment, he was the Vice-President and CFO of the Company from October 19, 2016, to October 16, 2017, Vice-President, Investor Relations from October 28, 2015, and Assistant Vice-President, Investor Relations from March 11, 2013. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Velani spent 15 years at CN where he worked in a variety of positions in Strategic and Financial Planning, Investor Relations, Sales and Marketing, and the Office of the President and CEO. Mr. Velani holds a Bachelor of Economics degree from Western University and an MBA in Finance/International Business from McGill University. He also completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. John Brooks, 52 Executive Vice-President and Chief Marketing Officer Mr. Brooks has been Executive Vice-President and Chief Marketing Officer ("CMO") of the Company since February 14, 2019. Previous to this appointment, he was the Senior Vice-President and CMO of the Company from February 14, 2017, to February 13, 2019. He has worked in senior marketing roles at the Company since he joined the Company in 2007, including past experience as Vice-President, Marketing Bulk and Intermodal. Mr. Brooks began his railroading career with Union Pacific Corporation and later helped start I M Rail Link, LLC, which was purchased by DM E in 2002. Mr. Brooks was Vice-President, Marketing at DM E prior to it being acquired by the Company in 2007. With more than 24 years in the railroading business, Mr. Brooks brings a breadth of experience to the CMO role that is pivotal to the Company's continued and future success. Mark Redd, 52 Executive Vice-President, Operations Mr. Redd has been Executive Vice-President Operations since September 1, 2019. Before this appointment, he was Senior Vice-President Operations Western Region from February 2, 2017, to August 31, 2019, and Vice-President Operations Western Region from April 20, 2016, to February 1, 2017. Previous to these roles, he was General Manager Operations U.S. West and General Manager Operations Central Division. He was named the Company's 2016 Railroader of the Year. Prior to joining the Company in October 2013, Mr. Redd worked for over 20 years at Kansas City Southern Railway where he held a variety of leadership positions in network and field operations. Mr. Redd holds a Bachelor and Master of Science in Management from the University of Phoenix and an Executive MBA from the University of Missouri Kansas City. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 29 

Jeffrey Ellis, 55 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Mr. Ellis has been Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company since November 23, 2015. Mr. Ellis is accountable for the overall strategic leadership, oversight and performance of the legal, corporate secretarial, government relations, and public affairs functions of the Company in Canada and the U.S. Prior to joining the Company in 2015, Mr. Ellis was the U.S. General Counsel at BMO Financial Group ("BMO"). Before joining BMO in 2006, Mr. Ellis was with the law firm of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP in Toronto, Ontario. Mr. Ellis holds a Bachelor of Arts and a Master's of Arts degree from the University of Toronto, Juris Doctor and Master of Laws degrees from Osgoode Hall Law School, and an MBA from the Richard Ivey School of Business, Western University. Mr. Ellis is a member of the bars of New York, Illinois, Ontario and Alberta. Laird Pitz, 78 Senior Vice-President and Chief Risk Officer Mr. Pitz has been Senior Vice-President and Chief Risk Officer ("CRO") of the Company since October 17, 2017. Previously, he was the Vice-President and CRO of the Company from October 29, 2014, to October 16, 2017, and the Vice-President, Security and Risk Management of the Company from April 2014 to October 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Pitz was retired from March 2012 to April 2014, and Vice-President, Risk Mitigation of CN from September 2003 to March 2012. Mr. Pitz, a Vietnam War veteran and former Federal Bureau of Investigation special agent, is a 40-year career professional who has directed strategic and operational risk mitigation, security and crisis management functions for companies operating in a wide range of fields, including defence, logistics and transportation. James Clements, 53 Senior Vice-President, Strategic Planning and Technology Transformation Mr. Clements has been Senior Vice-President, Strategic Planning and Technology Transformation since September 1, 2019. Before this appointment, he was the Vice-President, Strategic Planning and Transportation Services of the Company from 2014. Mr. Clements has responsibilities that include strategic network issues, Network Service Centre operations, and Information Services. Mr. Clements has more than 20 years' experience at the Company, including an extensive understanding of the Company's customers, processes, and systems. His previous experience and leadership roles cover a wide range of areas of the Company s business, including car management, finance, logistics, grain marketing and sales in both Canada and the U.S., as well as marketing and sales responsibilities for various other lines of business. Mr. Clements holds an MBA in International Business and Finance from McGill University and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics from McMaster University. Mike Foran, 49 
 Vice-President, Market Strategy and 
 Asset Management 

Mr. Foran has been Vice-President, Market Strategy and Asset Management of the Company since February 14, 2017. His prior roles with the Company include Vice-President Network Transportation from 2014 to 2017, Assistant Vice-President Network Transportation from 2013 to 2014, and General Manager Asset Management from 2012 to 2013. In over 20 years at the Company, Mr. Foran has worked in operations, business development, marketing, and general management. Mr. Foran holds an Executive MBA from the Ivey School of Business at Western University and a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Calgary. 

30 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Chad Rolstad, 46 Vice-President, Human Resources and Chief Culture Officer Mr. Rolstad has been Vice-President, Human Resources since February 14, 2019, and the Chief Culture Officer since September 1, 2019. Previous to this appointment, he was Assistant Vice-President, Human Resources of the Company from August 1, 2018, to February 13, 2019, and Assistant Vice-President, Strategic Procurement of the Company from April 10, 2017, to July 31, 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rolstad held various leadership positions at BNSF Railway in marketing and operations. Mr. Rolstad has a Bachelor of Science from the Colorado School of Mines and an MBA from Duke University. Pam Arpin, 47 Vice-President and Chief Information Officer Ms. Arpin has been Vice-President and Chief Information Officer since July 19, 2021. Previous to this appointment, she was the Company's first Vice-President Innovation Business Transformation, a portfolio she retains in her current role, including oversight of the Company's Network Service Centre. 
 
 Ms. Arpin has navigated an extensive and varied career at the Company, and has 20-plus years of experience covering a wide range of areas including commercial, operations, finance, and customer service roles. She was named the 2019 Railway Woman of the Year by the League of Railway Women and was named one of Canada's Most Powerful Women: Top 100 by the Women's Executive Network that same year. 
 
 Ms. Arpin holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Saskatchewan. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 31 

PART II 

32 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Share Information 
 The Common Shares are listed on the TSX and on the NYSE under the symbol "CP". 

Share Capital 
 At February 23, 2023, the latest practicable date prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there were 930,767,959 Common Shares and no preferred shares issued and outstanding, which consisted of 14,837 holders of record of the Common Shares. In addition, the Company has a Management Stock Option Incentive Plan MSOIP ), under which key officers and employees are granted options to purchase the Common Shares. Options issued prior to the share split further described in Item 1. Business, Business Developments now each provide rights over five shares. For consistency, all number of options presented herein are shown on the basis of the number of shares subject to the options . On April 27, 2022, at the Annual and Special Meeting, the Company's shareholders approved an amendment to the MSOIP to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the MSOIP, effective at and after April 27, 2022, by 20,000,000 Common Shares . At February 23, 2023, 7,708,866 options were outstanding under the MSOIP and stand-alone option agreements entered into with Mr. Keith Creel. There are 21,883,561 options available to be issued by the Company s MSOIP in the future. The Company also has a Director's Stock Option Plan DSOP ), under which directors are granted options to purchase Common Shares. There are no outstanding options under the DSOP, which has 1,700,000 options available to be issued in the future. 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph provides an indicator of cumulative total shareholder return on the Common Shares, of an assumed investment of 100, as compared to the TSX 60 Index TSX 60 ), the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index S P 500 ), and the peer group index (comprising Canadian National Railway Company, Union Pacific Corporation, Norfolk Southern Corporation and CSX Corporation) on December 31 for each of the years indicated. The values for the assumed investments depicted on the graph and in the table have been calculated assuming that any dividends are reinvested. 

(1) KCS was excluded from the peer group index in 2021 as shares were no longer publicly listed effective December 14, 2021. Comparative periods were restated to conform with the current year presentation. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 33 

Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 In connection with the KCS transaction, the Company suspended share repurchases and did not have an active program as at December 31, 2022. Purchases made in prior years are further described in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 19 Shareholders' equity. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

34 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

INDEX TO MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 Page Executive Summary 35 
 Performance Indicators 35 
 Results of Operations 36 
 Operating Revenues 36 
 Operating Expenses 37 
 Other Income Statement Items 39 
 Impact of Foreign Exchange on Earnings and Foreign Exchange Risk 40 
 Impact of Fuel Price on Earnings 41 
 Impact of Share Price on Earnings and Stock-based Compensation 41 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 41 
 Share Capital 46 
 Non-GAAP Measures 46 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 57 
 Forward-Looking Statements 61 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 35 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to enhance a reader s understanding of the Company s results of operations and financial condition. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, and other information in this annual report. Except where otherwise indicated, all financial information reflected herein is expressed in Canadian dollars. The following section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7, of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 For purposes of this report, all references herein to CP , the Company , we , our and us refer to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited ("CPRL"), CPRL and its subsidiaries, CPRL and one or more of its subsidiaries, or one or more of CPRL's subsidiaries, as the context may require. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 2022 Results 
 Financial performance In 2022, the Company reported Diluted earnings per share ("EPS") of 3.77, a 10 decrease from 4.18 in 2021. Core adjusted diluted EPS has remained unchanged at 3.77. The Company s commitment to service and operational efficiency produced an Operating ratio of 62.2 and an Adjusted operating ratio of 61.4 . Core adjusted diluted EPS and Adjusted operating ratio are defined and reconciled in Non-GAAP Measures and discussed further in Results of Operations of this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Total revenues The Company s Total revenues increased by 10 to 8,814 million in 2022 from 7,995 million in 2021, driven primarily by higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices and higher freight rates. 

Performance Indicators 
 The following table lists the key measures of the Company s operating performance: 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Change Gross ton-miles GTMs (millions) 269,134 271,921 (1) Train miles (thousands) 28,899 29,397 (2) Fuel efficiency (U.S. gallons of locomotive fuel consumed /1,000 GTMs) 0.955 0.931 3 Total employees (average) 12,570 12,337 2 
 
 These key measures are used by management as comparisons to historical operating results and in the planning process to facilitate decisions that continue to drive further productivity improvements in the Company's operations. Results of these key measures reflect how effective the Company s management is at controlling costs and executing the Company s operating plan and strategy. Continued monitoring of these key measures ensures that the Company can take appropriate actions to ensure the delivery of superior service and be able to grow its business at low incremental cost. 
 
 A GTM is defined as the movement of one ton of train weight over one mile. GTMs are calculated by multiplying total train weight by the distance the train moved. Total train weight comprises the weight of the freight cars, their contents, and any inactive locomotives. An increase in GTMs indicates additional workload. GTMs for 2022 were 269,134 million, a slight decrease compared with 271,921 million in 2021. The decrease in GTMs was mainly attributable to lower volumes of Canadian grain, Coal, and Energy, chemicals and plastics. This decrease was partially offset by higher volumes of Intermodal, U.S. grain, Potash, and frac sand. 
 
 Train miles are defined as the sum of the distance moved by all trains operated on the network. Train miles provide a measure of the productive utilization of our network. A smaller increase in train miles relative to increases in volumes, as measured by RTMs, and/or workload, as measured by GTMs, indicates improved train productivity. Train miles for 2022 were 28,899 thousands, a decrease of 2 compared with 29,397 thousands in 2021. This decrease reflects the impact of a slight decrease in workload (GTMs), as well as the impact of a 1 increase in average train weights. 
 
 Fuel efficiency is defined as U.S. gallons of locomotive fuel consumed per 1,000 GTMs. Fuel consumed includes gallons from freight, yard and commuter service but excludes fuel used in capital projects and other non-freight activities. An improvement in fuel efficiency indicates operational cost savings and the Company's commitment to corporate sustainability through a reduction of greenhouse gas emissions intensity. Fuel efficiency for 2022 was 0.955 U.S. gallons/1,000 GTMs, a decrease of 3 compared to 0.931 U.S. gallons/1,000 GTMs in 2021. This decrease was due to harsher winter 

36 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 operating conditions in 2022, higher volumes of Intermodal, which has lower horsepower utilization, and lower locomotive productivity defined as the daily average GTMs divided by daily average operating horsepower. 
 
 An employee is defined as an individual currently engaged in full-time, part-time, or seasonal employment with the Company. The Company monitors employment levels in order to efficiently meet service and strategic requirements. The number of employees is a key driver to total compensation and benefits costs. 
 
 The average number of total employees for 2022 wa s 12,570, an increase of 233, or 2 , compared to 12,337 in 2021 to support anticipated future volume growth. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Operating Revenues 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) (1) 
 8,627 7,816 811 10 Non-freight revenues (in millions) 187 179 8 4 Total revenues (in millions) 8,814 7,995 819 10 Carloads (in thousands) 2,782.1 2,735.5 46.6 2 Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 148,228 149,686 (1,458) (1) Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 3,101 2,857 244 9 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 5.82 5.22 0.60 11 
 (1) Freight revenues include fuel surcharge revenues of 1,303 million in 2022 and 535 million in 2021. Fuel surcharge revenues include recoveries of carbon taxes, levies, and obligations under cap-and-trade program 
 
 The Company s revenues are primarily derived from transporting freight. Changes in freight volumes as measured by RTMs generally contribute to corresponding changes in freight revenues and certain variable expenses, such as fuel, crew costs, and equipment rents. Non-freight revenue is generated from leasing of certain assets; other arrangements, including contracts with passenger service operators and logistical services; switching fees; and other arrangements. 
 
 Total Revenues 
 The increase in Freight revenues was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM, partially offset by lower volumes as measured by RTMs. The increase in Non-freight revenues was primarily due to higher leasing revenue, higher passenger revenue from passenger service operators, and higher interline switching fees, partially offset by lower revenue from logistical services. 
 
 RTMs 
 RTMs are defined as the movement of one revenue-producing ton of freight over a distance of one mile. RTMs measure the relative weight and distance of rail freight moved by the Company. The decrease in RTMs was mainly attributable to lower volumes of Canadian grain, Coal, and Energy, chemicals and plastics. This decrease was partially offset by higher volumes of Intermodal, U.S. grain, Potash, and frac sand. 
 
 Freight revenue per RTM 
 Freight revenue per RTM is defined as freight revenue per revenue-producing ton of freight over a distance of one mile. This is an indicator of yield. The increase in Freight revenue per RTM was primarily due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices of 709 million, higher freight rates, and the favourable impact of the change in foreign exchange ("FX") of 142 million. This increase was partially offset by lower crude liquidated damages, including customer volume commitments, due to completion of customer contracts. 
 
 Lines of Business 
 Grain 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 1,776 1,684 92 5 Carloads (in thousands) 382.1 426.2 (44.1) (10) Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 35,325 37,999 (2,674) (7) Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 4,648 3,951 697 18 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 5.03 4.43 0.60 14 
 
 The increase in Grain revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM and higher volumes of U.S. corn from the U.S. Midwest to western Canada, partially offset by lower volumes of Canadian grain to Vancouver, B.C. and eastern Canada due to drought conditions that impacted the 2021-2022 Canadian crop size. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, higher freight rates, and the favourable impact of the change in FX. RTMs decreased less than carloads due to moving higher volumes of U.S. corn from the U.S. Midwest to western Canada, which has a longer length of haul. 
 
 Coal 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 577 625 (48) (8) Carloads (in thousands) 269.8 291.5 (21.7) (7) Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 14,970 18,345 (3,375) (18) Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 2,139 2,144 (5) Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 3.85 3.41 0.44 13 
 
 The decrease in Coal revenue was primarily due to lower volumes of Canadian coal to Vancouver as a result of production challenges at the mines, partially offset by higher volumes of Canadian coal to Kamloops, B.C. and increased freight revenue per RTM. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices and higher freight rates. RTMs decreased more than carloads due to moving lower volumes of Canadian coal to Vancouver, which has a longer length of haul, and moving higher volumes of Canadian coal to Kamloops, which has a shorter length of haul. 
 
 Potash 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 581 463 118 25 Carloads (in thousands) 160.0 150.9 9.1 6 Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 18,176 16,671 1,505 9 Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 3,631 3,068 563 18 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 3.20 2.78 0.42 15 
 
 The increase in Potash revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM and higher volumes of export potash to Vancouver and Thunder Bay, Ontario. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, the favourable impact of the change in FX, and higher freight rates. 
 
 Fertilizers and Sulphur 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 332 305 27 9 Carloads (in thousands) 61.8 64.4 (2.6) (4) Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 4,772 4,845 (73) (2) Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 5,372 4,736 636 13 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 6.96 6.30 0.66 10 
 
 The increase in Fertilizers and sulphur revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM and higher volumes of dry fertilizers, partially offset by lower volumes of wet fertilizers and sulphur. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, higher freight rates, and the favourable impact of the change in FX. 
 
 Forest Products 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 403 348 55 16 Carloads (in thousands) 73.1 73.6 (0.5) (1) Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 5,741 5,718 23 Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 5,513 4,728 785 17 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 7.02 6.09 0.93 15 
 
 The increase in Forest products revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM and higher volumes of newsprint from Saint John, New Brunswick, partially offset by lower volumes of lumber. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, higher freight rates, and the favourable impact of the change in FX. 
 
 Energy, Chemicals and Plastics 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 1,394 1,563 (169) (11) Carloads (in thousands) 297.4 320.1 (22.7) (7) Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 24,625 25,469 (844) (3) Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 4,687 4,883 (196) (4) Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 5.66 6.14 (0.48) (8) 
 
 The decrease in Energy, chemicals and plastics revenue was primarily due to decreased freight revenue per RTM and lower volumes of conventional crude, LPG, and other energy products. This decrease was partially offset by higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, higher volumes of DRUbit TM crude to Kansas City, Missouri and ethylene glycol to Vancouver, the favourable impact of the change in FX, and higher freight rates. Freight revenue per RTM decreased due to lower crude liquidated damages, including customer volume commitments, as a result of the completion of customer contracts. RTMs decreased less than carloads due to moving higher volumes of DRUbit TM crude to Kansas City, which has a longer length of haul. 
 
 Metals, Minerals and Consumer Products 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 884 728 156 21 Carloads (in thousands) 248.3 236.7 11.6 5 Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 11,710 11,170 540 5 Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 3,560 3,076 484 16 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 7.55 6.52 1.03 16 
 
 The increase in Metals, minerals and consumer products revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM and higher volumes of frac sand to the Marcellus and Bakken shale formations, partially offset by lower volumes of steel and aggregates. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, higher freight rates, and the favourable impact of the change in FX. 
 
 Automotive 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 438 376 62 16 Carloads (in thousands) 104.4 109.2 (4.8) (4) Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 1,736 1,765 (29) (2) Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 4,195 3,443 752 22 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 25.23 21.30 3.93 18 
 
 The increase in Automotive revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM, partially offset by lower volumes as a result of global supply chain challenges. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, the favourable impact of the change in FX, and higher freight rates. 
 
 Intermodal 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 Total Change Change Freight revenues (in millions) 2,242 1,724 518 30 Carloads (in thousands) 1,185.2 1,062.9 122.3 12 Revenue ton-miles (in millions) 31,173 27,704 3,469 13 Freight revenue per carload (in dollars) 1,892 1,622 270 17 Freight revenue per revenue ton-mile (in cents) 7.19 6.22 0.97 16 
 
 The increase in Intermodal revenue was primarily due to increased freight revenue per RTM, higher volumes due to onboarding new international intermodal customers, higher international intermodal volumes to and from the Port of Saint John, the Port of Vancouver, and the Port of Montreal, and higher domestic intermodal retail and wholesale volumes. This increase was partially offset by lower domestic intermodal cross-border volumes. Freight revenue per RTM increased due to higher fuel surcharge revenue as a result of higher fuel prices, higher intermodal ancillary revenue, higher freight rates, and the favourable impact of the change in FX. 

37 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Operating Expenses 

2022 Operating Expenses 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 Total Change Change Compensation and benefits 1,570 1,570 Fuel 1,400 854 546 64 Materials 260 215 45 21 Equipment rents 140 121 19 16 Depreciation and amortization 853 811 42 5 Purchased services and other 1,262 1,218 44 4 Total operating expenses 5,485 4,789 696 15 
 
 Operating expenses were 5,485 million in 2022, an increase of 696 million, or 15 , from 4,789 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to: 
 the unfavourable impact of higher fuel prices of 483 million; 
 the impact of cost inflation; 
 the unfavourable impact of the change in FX of 71 million; 
 a gain on the exchange of property and construction easements in Chicago of 50 million in 2021 and lower gains on land sales of 15 million; and 
 a decrease in efficiencies primarily due to harsh winter weather conditions in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 This increase was partially offset by lower acquisition-related costs of 109 million associated with the KCS acquisition recorded in Purchased services and other, and lower incentive and stock-based compensation primarily due to lower payout assumptions. 

Compensation and Benefits 
 Compensation and benefits expense includes employee wages, salaries, fringe benefits, and stock-based compensation. Compensation and benefits expense was 1,570 million in 2022, unchanged compared to 1,570 million in 2021. This was primarily due to lower incentive and stock-based compensation primarily due to lower payout assumptions, and lower post-retirement benefits current service cost of 24 million. 
 
 These decreases were offset by: 
 the impact of wage and benefit inflation; 
 the unfavourable impact of the change in FX of 18 million; and 
 i ncreased new hire training cost. 

Fuel 
 Fuel expense consists mainly of fuel used by locomotives and includes provincial, state, and federal fuel taxes. Fuel expense was 1,400 million in 2022, an increase of 546 million, or 64 , from 854 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to: 
 the unfavourable impact of higher fuel prices of 483 million; 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 38 

a decrease in fuel efficiency of 3 due to harsher winter operating conditions in 2022, higher volumes of Intermodal, which has lower horsepower utilization, and lower locomotive productivity defined as the daily average GTMs divided by daily average operating horsepower; and 
 the unfavourable impact of the change in FX of 27 million; 
 
 This increase was partially offset by a decrease in workload, as measured by GTMs. 

Materials 
 Materials expense includes the cost of material used for maintenance of track, locomotives, freight cars, and buildings as well as software sustainment. Materials expense was 260 million in 2022, an increase of 45 million, or 21 , from 215 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to: 
 the impact of cost inflation particularly in non-locomotive fuel prices; 
 higher spending on track and locomotive maintenance and; 
 an increase in non-locomotive fuel consumption. 

Equipment Rents 
 Equipment rents expense includes the cost associated with using other companies freight cars, intermodal equipment, and locomotives, net of rental income received from other railways for the use of the Company s equipment. Equipment rents expense was 140 million in 2022, an increase of 19 million, or 16 , from 121 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to: 
 lower price incentives received on intermodal cars; 
 slower cycle times; and 
 greater usage of pooled freight cars. 
 
 This increase was partially offset by higher receipts for CP freight cars used by other railways. 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense represents the charge associated with the use of track and roadway, buildings, rolling stock, information systems, and other depreciable assets. Depreciation and amortization expense was 853 million for 2022, an increase of 42 million, or 5 , from 811 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to a higher asset base, as a result of the capital program spending in 2022 and recent years as well as the unfavourable impact of the change in FX of 8 million. 

Purchased Services and Other 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 Total Change Change Support and facilities 334 293 41 14 Track and operations 294 260 34 13 Intermodal 225 205 20 10 Equipment 112 105 7 7 Casualty 103 125 (22) (18) Property taxes 133 128 5 4 Other 85 191 (106) (55) Land sales (24) (89) 65 (73) Total Purchased services and other 1,262 1,218 44 4 
 
 Purchased services and other expense encompasses a wide range of third-party costs, including contractor and consulting fees, locomotive and freight car repairs performed by third parties, property and other taxes, intermodal pickup and delivery services, casualty expense, expenses for joint facilities, and gains on land sales. Purchased services and other expense was 1,262 million in 2022, an increase of 44 million, or 4 , from 1,218 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to: 
 the impact of cost inflation, including higher pickup and delivery, which is reported in Intermodal; 
 a gain on the exchange of property and construction easements in Chicago of 50 million in 2021 and lower gains on land sales of 15 million; 
 higher expenses primarily due to higher events and sponsorship costs; 
 the unfavourable impact of the change in FX of 13 million; 
 increased purchased services due to harsher weather conditions, reported in Track and operations; and 
 a 7 million arbitration settlement in 2021, reported in Track and operations. 

39 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 This increase was partially offset by: 
 lower acquisition-related costs of 109 million associated with the KCS acquisition, reported in Other; 
 lower expenses from lower volumes, reported in Intermodal, and Track and operations; and 
 lower expenses primarily due to the reduced severity of casualty incidents. 

Other Income Statement Items 
 
 Equity Earnings (Loss) of Kansas City Southern 
 On December 14, 2021, following the consummation of the KCS acquisition, the shares of KCS were placed into a voting trust while the United States Surface Transportation Board STB considers t he Company's application for control of KCS. 
 
 In 2022, the Company recognized 1,074 million (U.S. 820 million) of equity earnings of KCS in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. This amount is net of amortization of basis differences of 163 million (U.S. 125 million) associated with KCS purchase accounting, and includes acquisition-related costs incurred by KCS. These basis differences relate to depreciable property, plant and equipment, intangible assets with definite lives, and long-term debt, and are amortized over the related assets' remaining useful lives, and the remaining terms to maturity of the debt instruments . Equity earnings for 2022 represent a full year of income attributable to CP, whereas the 141 million equity loss recognized in 2021 was limited to the 18 day period from the date of acquisition of KCS closing into the voting trust to December 31, 2021. The equity loss in 2021 was attributable to acquisition-related costs incurred by KCS during that period. Equity earnings of KCS recognized in 2022 also included KCS's gain on unwinding of interest rate hedges of 212 million, which is net of C P's associated purchase accounting basis difference and tax. KCS's gain on unwinding of interest rate hedges and acquisition-related costs are discussed further and reconciled in Non-GAAP Measures of this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 On a historical basis, without any effect of purchase accounting, KCS recorded net income attributable to controlling interests of 1,278 million (U.S. 982 million) in 2022, a favourable change of 620 million (U.S. 457 million), or 94 , fro m 658 million (U.S. 525 million) net income in 2021. Included within the 1,278 million (U.S 982 million) net income was a 254 million (net of tax) (U.S 195 million) gain from the unwinding of interest rate hedges. The remainder of the change was primarily due to higher revenues of 692 million (U.S. 423 million) and lower acquisition related costs, partially offset by higher fuel cost of 208 million (U.S. 148 million). Acquisition-related costs (net of tax) incurred by KCS in 2022 were 50 million (U.S. 38 million), a decrease of 221 million (U.S. 178 million), or 82 , from 271 million (U.S. 216 million) in the same period of 2021. These values have been translated at the average FX rate of 1.30 and 1.25 CAD per USD for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other Expense (Income) 
 Other expense (income) consists of gains and losses from the change in FX on debt and lease liabilities and working capital, costs related to financing, shareholder costs, equity income, and other non-operating expenditures. Other expense was 17 million in 2022, a decrease of 220 million, or 93 , from expense of 237 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to acquisition-related costs of 247 million in 2021, which included losses on interest rate hedges of 264 million and bridge facility and backstop revolver fees of 52 million, partially offset by gains on cash held for the KCS acquisition of 56 million, and gains on FX hedges of 13 million. This decrease was partially offset by lower net FX gains on US-denominated cash, working capital, debt, and lease liabilities of 11 million in 2022 and higher amortization of fees of 11 million related to debt issued for the KCS acquisition in the last quarter of 2021. 
 
 FX translation gains and losses on debt and lease liabilities and acquisition-related costs are discussed further in Non-GAAP Measures of this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Merger Termination Fee 
 On May 21, 2021, KCS terminated the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Original Merger Agreement") with CP to enter into a definitive agreement with CN. At the same time and in accordance with the terms of the Original Merger Agreement, KCS paid CP a termination fee of 845 million (U.S. 700 million). This amount was reported as "Merger termination fee" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income in 2021. No similar items were received in 2022. Merger termination fee is discussed further and reconciled in Non-GAAP Measures of this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Other Components of Net Periodic Benefit Recovery 
 Other components of net periodic benefit recovery is related to the Company's pension and other post-retirement and post-employment benefit plans. It includes interest cost on benefit obligations, expected return on plan assets, recognized net actuarial losses, and amortization of prior service costs. Other components of net periodic benefit recovery were 411 million in 2022, an increase of 24 million, or 6 , from 387 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to a decrease in recognized net actuarial losses of 57 million, partially offset by an increase in interest cost on the benefit obligation of 32 million. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 40 

Net Interest Expense 
 Net interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and finance leases. Net interest expense was 652 million in 2022, an increase of 212 million, or 48 , from 440 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to interest of 234 million on long-term debt issuances and term facility related to the KCS acquisition, a change in FX of 15 million, and higher commercial paper interest of 10 million. This increase was partially offset by the favourable impacts of maturing long-term debt repayments of 32 million and 14 million resulting from lower effective interest rates. 

Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 628 million in 2022, a decrease of 140 million, or 18 , from 768 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to: 
 lower taxable earnings, mainly due to the 845 million (U.S. 700 million) merger termination payment received in 2021 in connection with KCS's termination of the Original Merger Agreement, partially offset by lower acquisition-related costs associated with the KCS acquisition; 
 a reversal of an uncertain tax position related to a prior period of 24 million; and 
 income tax recoveries of 12 million as a result of a decrease in the Iowa state tax rate. 
 
 This decrease was partially offset by lower deferred tax recoveries of 14 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS. 
 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 was 15.16 and 22.24 on an adjusted basis. The effective income tax rate for 2021 was 21.23 and 23.85 on an adjusted basis. The adjusted effective tax rate is a Non-GAAP measure, calculated as the effective tax rate adjusted for significant items as they are not considered indicative of future financial trends either by nature or amount or provide improved comparability to past performance, and, in 2022, the adjusted effective tax rate also excluded equity earnings of KCS. This Non-GAAP measure does not have a standardized meaning and is not defined by GAAP and, therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Significant items are discussed further in Non-GAAP Measures of this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The Company's 2023 effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 24 , which excludes discrete tax items, the impact of the change in the equity investment in KCS, and associated deferred tax on the outside basis difference during the year (discussed further in Critical Accounting Estimates of this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation). The Company s 2023 outlook for its effective tax rate is based on certain assumptions about events and developments that may or may not materialize, or that may be offset entirely or partially by new events and developments. These assumptions are discussed further in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Impact of Foreign Exchange on Earnings and Foreign Exchange Risk 
 Although the Company conducts business primarily in Canada, a significant portion of its revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities including debt are denominated in U.S. dollars. In addition, equity earnings or losses of KCS are denominated in U.S. dollars. The value of the Canadian dollar is affected by a number of domestic and international factors, including, without limitation, economic performance, commodity prices, and Canadian, U.S., and international monetary policies. Fluctuations in FX affect the Company's results because U.S. dollar-denominated revenues and expenses are translated into Canadian dollars. U.S. dollar-denominated revenues and expenses increase (decrease) when the Canadian dollar weakens (strengthens) in relation to the U.S. dollar. 
 
 In 2022, the U.S. dollar has strengthened to an average rate of 1.30 Canadian/U.S. dollar, compared to 1.25 Canadian/U.S. dollar in 2021. In 2022, the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar resulted in an increase in Total revenues of 143 million, an increase in Total operating expenses of 71 million, and an increase in Net interest expense of 15 million. 
 
 In 2023, excluding impacts of KCS, the Company expects that every 0.01 weakening (or strengthening) of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar, positively (or negatively) impacts Total revenues by approximately 37 million (2022 approximately 35 million), negatively (or positively) impacts Operating expenses by approximately 18 million (2022 approximately 19 million), and negatively (or positively) impacts Net interest expense by approximately 4 million (2022 approximately 4 million) on an annualized basis. 
 
 The Company uses U.S. dollar-denominated debt and operating lease liabilities to hedge its net investment in U.S. operations. As at December 31, 2022, the net investment in U.S. operations is greater than the total U.S. denominated debt. Consequently, FX translation on the Company's unhedged net investment in U.S. operations is recognized in Other comprehensive income. There is no additional impact on earnings in Other expense (income) related to the FX translation on the Company s debt and operating lease liabilities. 
 
 To manage its exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates between Canadian and U.S. dollars, the Company may sell or purchase U.S. dollar forwards at fixed rates in future periods. In addition, changes in the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and other currencies (including the U.S. dollar) make the goods transported by the Company more or less competitive in the world marketplace and may in turn positively or negatively affect revenues. 

41 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Impact of Fuel Price on Earnings 
 Fluctuations in fuel prices affect the Company s results because fuel expense constitutes a significant portion of the Company's operating costs. As fuel prices fluctuate, there will be a timing impact on earnings, as discussed further in Item 1. Business, Operations, Fuel Cost Adjustment Program and Item 1A. Risk Factors, Fuel Cost Volatility. 
 
 The impact of fuel price on earnings includes the impacts of provincial and federal carbon taxes and levies recovered and paid on revenues and expenses, respectively. 
 
 In 2022, the favourable impact of fuel prices on Operating income was 226 million. Higher fuel prices and increased carbon tax recoveries resulted in an increase in Total revenues of 709 million from 2021. Higher fuel prices resulted in an increase in Total operating expenses of 483 million. 

Impact of Share Price on Earnings and Stock-Based Compensation 
 Fluctuations in the Common Share price affect the Company's operating expenses because share-based liabilities are measured at fair value. The Company's Common Shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") and the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") with ticker symbol "CP". 
 
 In 2022, the impact of the change in Common Share prices resulted in stock-based compensation expense of 16 million, an increase of 5 million, from 11 million in 2021. 
 
 Based on information available at December 31, 2022 and expectations for 2023 grants, excluding impacts of KCS, for every 1.00 change in share price, stock-based compensation expense has a corresponding change of approximately 1.2 million to 1.8 million (2021 approximately 1.5 million to 2.0 million). This excludes the impact of changes in share price relative to the S P/TSX 60 Index, S P 500 Industrials Index, and to Class I railways, which may trigger different performance share unit payouts. Stock-based compensation may also be impacted by non-market performance conditions. 
 
 Additional information concerning stock-based compensation is included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 22 Stock-based compensation. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity include its Cash and cash equivalents, commercial paper program, bilateral letter of credit facilities, and revolving credit facility. The Company believes that these sources as well as cash flow generated through operations and existing debt capacity are adequate to meet its short-term and long-term cash requirements. The Company is not aware of any material trends, events, or uncertainties that would create any deficiencies in the Company's liquidity. 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the Company had 451 million of Cash and cash equivalents compared to 69 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the Company's revolving credit facility was undrawn, unchanged from December 31, 2021, from a total available amount of U.S. 1.3 billion. Effective April 9, 2021, the Company amended its revolving credit facility to modify certain provisions relating to the calculation of the financial covenant ratio in its revolving credit facility. Effective September 24, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the two-year tranche and the five-year tranche of its revolving credit facility to September 27, 2023 and September 27, 2026, respectively. Effective September 29, 2021, the Company entered into a further amendment to its revolving credit facility in order to provide financial covenant flexibility for acquisition financing pertaining to the KCS acquisition, which is in place for a two-year period until December 14, 2023. In 2021, the Company also entered into a U.S. 500 million unsecured non-revolving term credit facility with a maturity date of March 15, 2022. Effective March 14, 2022, the Company extended the maturity date of the U.S. 500 million term facility to September 15, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company repaid in full the borrowings of 636 million (U.S. 500 million) on this unsecured non-revolving term credit facility. The facility was automatically terminated on September 15, 2022, following the final principal repayment . 
 
 The Company has a commercial paper program that enables it to issue commercial paper up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of U.S. 1.0 billion in the form of unsecured promissory notes. This commercial paper program is backed by the revolving credit facility. As at December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any borrowings on its commercial paper program (December 31, 2021 U.S. 265 million). 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, under its bilateral letter of credit facilities, the Company had letters of credit drawn of 75 million from a total available amount of 300 million (December 31, 2021 - 58 million). Under the bilateral letter of credit facilities, the Company has the option to post collateral in the form of Cash or cash equivalents, equal at least to the face value of the letter of credit issued. As at December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any collateral posted on its bilateral letter of credit facilities (December 31, 2021 Nil). 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 42 

Contractual Commitments 
 The Company s material cash requirements from known contractual obligations and commitments to make future payments primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest, supplier purchases, leases, and other long term liabilities. Outstanding obligations related to debt and leases can be found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 15 Debt and Note 18 Leases. Interest obligations related to debt and finance leases amount to 649 million within the next 12 months, with the remaining amount committed thereafter of 13,710 million. 
 
 Supplier purchase agreements and other long-term liabilities amount to 1,036 million and 57 million within the next 12 months, respectively, with the remaining amount committed thereafter of 364 million and 443 million, respectively. Other long-term liabilities includes expected cash payments for environmental remediation, post-retirement benefits, worker s compensation benefits, long-term disability benefits, pension benefit payments for the Company s non-registered supplemental pension plan, and certain other long-term liabilities. Pension payments are discussed further in Critical Accounting Estimates of this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Guarantees 
 Refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 25 Guarantees for details. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 4,142 million in 2022, an increase of 454 million, or 12 , compared to 3,688 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher cash generating income in 2022 including dividends received from KCS of 1,157 million, partially offset by the 845 million merger termination fee received in 2021. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 1,496 million in 2022, a decrease of 12,234 million, or 89 , from 13,730 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to cash payments made to KCS and their stockholders for the acquisition of KCS in 2021. 
 
 Capital Programs 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for track miles and crossties) 2022 2021 Additions to capital Track and roadway 1,048 970 Rolling stock 243 297 Buildings 75 105 Other (1) 
 199 179 Total accrued additions to capital 1,565 1,551 Less: Non-cash transactions 8 19 Cash invested in additions to properties (per Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows) 1,557 1,532 Track installation capital programs Track miles of rail laid (miles) 271 284 Track miles of rail capacity expansion (miles) 17 9 Crossties installed (thousands) 1,215 1,222 
 (1) Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 
 
 Track and roadway expenditures include the replacement and enhancement of the Company s track infrastructure. Of the 1,048 million additions in 2022 (2021 970 million), approximately 967 million (2021 917 million) was invested in the renewal of depleted assets, namely rail, ties, ballast, signals, and bridges. Approximately 81 million (2021 53 million) was invested in network improvements and growth initiatives. 
 
 Rolling stock investments encompass locomotives and railcars. In 2022, expenditures on locomotives were approximately 84 million (2021 121 million) and were focused on the continued re-investment in the Company's existing locomotive fleet. Railcar investment of approximately 159 million (2021 176 million) was largely focused on renewal of depleted assets, including the acquisition of covered hoppers for grain transportation. 

43 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 In 2022, investments in buildings were approximately 75 million (2021 - 105 million) and included items such as facility upgrades, renovations, and shop equipment. Other items were 199 million (2021 179 million) and included investments in work equipment, information system software, vehicles, containers, and other growth initiatives. 
 
 For 2023, the Company expects to invest approximately 1.6 billion in its standalone capital programs, excluding any capital spend that the Company may require following acquisition of control of KCS. Capital programs will be financed with cash generated from operations. Approximately 60 to 70 of the planned capital programs is for track and roadway. Approximately 15 to 20 is expected to be allocated to rolling stock, including railcars and locomotive improvements. Approximately 5 is expected to be allocated to information services, and 5 is expected to be allocated to buildings. Other investments is expected to be 5 to 10 . Additional discussion of capital commitments can be found in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 24 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 2,297 million in 2022, a change of 12,233 million, or 123 , from cash provided by financing activities of 9,936 million in 2021. This change was primarily due to: 
 issuance of U.S 6.7 billion and 2.2 billion notes (total proceeds of 10,673 million) along with a U.S. 500 million 633 million) term loan to fund the cash consideration component of the KCS acquisition in 2021; 
 principal repayments of 636 million (U.S. 500 million) on a term loan in 2022; 
 principal repayments of 125 million of the Company's 5.100 10-year Medium Term Notes, 313 million (U.S. 250 million) of the Company's 4.500 10-year Notes at maturity in January 2022, and principal repayment of 97 million (U.S. 76 million) of the Company's 6.99 Finance lease at maturity in March 2022, compared to principal repayment of 312 million (U.S 250 million) of the Company's 9.450 notes in 2021; and 
 increased dividend payments of 200 million in 2022 due to a higher number of shares outstanding resulting from shares issued to fund the share consideration component of the KCS acquisition at the end of 2021. 
 
 Credit Measures 
 Credit ratings provide information relating to the Company s operations and liquidity, and affect the Company s ability to obtain short-term and long-term financing and/or the cost of such financing. The applicable margin that applies to outstanding loans under the Company s revolving credit facility is based on the credit rating assigned to CP s senior unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
 
 If CP s credit ratings were to decline to below investment-grade levels, the Company could experience a significant increase in its interest cost for new debt along with a negative effect on its ability to readily issue new debt. 
 
 Credit ratings and outlooks are based on the rating agencies methodologies and can change from time to time to reflect their views of the Company. Their views are affected by numerous factors including, but not limited to, the Company s financial position and liquidity along with external factors beyond the Company s control. 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the Company's credit ratings from Standard Poor's Rating Services ("Standard Poor's") and Moody's Investor Service ("Moody's") remain unchanged from December 31, 2021. The following table shows the ratings issued for CP by the rating agencies noted herein as of December 31, 2022 and is being presented as it relates to the Company s cost of funds and liquidity. 
 
 Credit ratings as at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 Long-term debt Outlook Standard Poor's BBB+ stable Moody's Baa2 stable Commercial paper program Standard Poor's A-2 N/A Moody's P-2 N/A 
 (1) Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell securities and do not address the market price or suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. Credit ratings are based on the rating agencies' methodologies and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies. 

Financial Ratios 
 The Long-term debt to Net income ratio was 5.6 in 2022, compared with 7.1 in 2021. This decrease was due to higher net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and lower long-term debt. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 44 

The Pro-forma Adjusted Net Debt to Pro-forma Adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") ratio was 3.8 in 2022, compared with 4.0 in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to higher pro-forma adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the Company added disclosure of Pro-forma Adjusted Net Debt to Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA Ratio to better align with the Company s debt covenant calculation, which takes into account the trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA of KCS as well as KCS s outstanding debt. Please see Non-GAAP Measures of this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion. Over the long term, the Company targets a Pro-forma Adjusted Net debt to Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.0 to 2.5. 
 
 Although the Company has provided a target Non-GAAP measure (Pro-forma Adjusted Net Debt to Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA ratio), management is unable to reconcile, without unreasonable efforts, the target Pro-forma Adjusted Net debt to Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA ratio to the most comparable GAAP measure (Long-term debt to Net income ratio), due to unknown variables and uncertainty related to future results. These unknown variables may include unpredictable transactions of significant value. In recent years, the Company has recognized acquisition-related costs, the merger termination payment received, KCS's gain on unwinding of interest rate hedges (net of CP's associated purchase accounting basis differences and tax), the FX impact of translating the Company s debt and lease liabilities (including borrowings under the credit facility), discrete tax items, changes in the outside basis tax difference between the carrying amount of the Company's equity investment in KCS and its tax basis of the investment, changes in income tax rates, and changes to an uncertain tax item. Acquisition-related costs include legal, consulting, financing fees, integration planning costs consisting of third-party services and system migration, fair value gain or loss on FX forward contracts and interest rate hedges, FX gain on U.S. dollar-denominated cash on hand from the issuances of long-term debt to fund the KCS acquisition, and transaction and integration costs incurred by KCS which were recognized within Equity earnings of Kansas City Southern in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. KCS has also recognized significant transaction costs and FX gains and losses. These or other similar, large unforeseen transactions affect Net income but may be excluded from the Company s Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA. Additionally, the U.S.-to-Canada dollar exchange rate is unpredictable and can have a significant impact on the Company s reported results, but may, along with interest, taxes, and FX impact of translating the Company s debt and lease liabilities, be excluded from Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA. Please see Forward-Looking Statements in this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion. 

Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Company CPRC ), a 100 -owned subsidiary of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited CPRL ), is the issuer of certain securities which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by CPRL on an unsecured basis. The other subsidiaries of CPRC do not guarantee the securities and are referred to below as the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries . The following is a description of the terms and conditions of the guarantees with respect to securities for which CPRC is the issuer and CPRL provides a full and unconditional guarantee. 
 
 As of the date of the filing of the Form 10-K, CPRC had U.S. 12,050 million principal amount of debt securities outstanding due through 2115, and U.S. 30 million and GBP 3 million in perpetual 4 consolidated debenture stock, for all of which CPRL is the guarantor subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), as amended. As of the same date, CPRC also had 3,300 million principal amount of debt securities issued under Canadian Securities Law due through 2050 for which CPRL is the guarantor and not subject to the Exchange Act. 
 
 CPRL fully and unconditionally guarantees the payment of the principal (and premium, if any) and interest on the debt securities and consolidated debenture stock issued by CPRC, any sinking fund or analogous payments payable with respect to such securities, and any additional amounts payable when they become due, whether at maturity or otherwise. The guarantee is CPRL s unsubordinated and unsecured obligation and ranks equally with all of CPRL s other unsecured, unsubordinated obligations. 
 
 CPRL will be released and relieved of its obligations under the guarantees after obligations to the holders are satisfied in accordance with the terms of the respective instruments. 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 13-01 of the SEC's Regulation S-X, the Company provides summarized financial and non-financial information of CPRC in lieu of providing separate financial statements of CPRC. 
 
 More information on the securities under this guarantee structure can be found in Exhibit 22.1 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries of this annual report. 
 
 Summarized Financial Information 
 
 The following tables present summarized financial information for CPRC (Subsidiary Issuer) and CPRL (Parent Guarantor) on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among CPRC and CPRL; (ii) equity in earnings from and investments in the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries; and (iii) intercompany dividend income. 

45 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Statements of Income 
 
 CPRC (Subsidiary Issuer) and CPRL (Parent Guarantor) (in millions of Canadian dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Total revenues 6,384 5,924 Total operating expenses 4,110 3,712 Operating income (1) 
 2,274 2,212 Less: Other (2) 
 234 (522) Income before income tax expense 2,040 2,734 Net income 1,533 2,548 
 (1) Includes net lease costs incurred from non-guarantor subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 of 410 million and 431 million, respectively. 
 (2) Includes Other expense (income), Merger termination fee, Other components of net periodic benefit recovery, and Net interest expense. 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 CPRC (Subsidiary Issuer) and CPRL (Parent Guarantor) (in millions of Canadian dollars) As at December 31, 2022 As at December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets 1,395 963 Properties 11,791 11,342 Other non-current assets 3,337 2,536 Liabilities Current liabilities 2,759 2,789 Long-term debt 18,137 18,574 Other non-current liabilities 3,178 3,008 
 
 Excluded from the Income Statements and Balance Sheets above are the following significant intercompany transactions and balances that CPRC and CPRL have with the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries: 
 
 Cash Transactions with Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 CPRC (Subsidiary Issuer) and CPRL (Parent Guarantor) (in millions of Canadian dollars) For the year ended December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2021 Dividend income from non-guarantor subsidiaries 133 297 Capital contributions to non-guarantor subsidiaries (134) Return of capital from non-guarantor subsidiaries 115 1,370 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 46 

Balances with Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 CPRC (Subsidiary Issuer) and CPRL (Parent Guarantor) (in millions of Canadian dollars) As at December 31, 2022 As at December 31, 2021 Assets Accounts Receivable, intercompany 186 344 Short-term advances to affiliates 2,209 2,859 Long-term advances to affiliates 7,502 7,616 Liabilities Accounts payable, intercompany 199 212 Short-term advances from affiliates 2,649 2,777 Long-term advances from affiliates 88 82 

Share Capital 
 At February 23, 2023, the latest practicable date prior to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there were 930,767,959 Common Shares and no preferred shares issued and outstanding, which consisted of 14,837 holders of record of the Common Shares. In addition, the Company has a Management Stock Option Incentive Plan MSOIP ), under which key officers and employees are granted options to purchase the Common Shares. Options issued prior to the share split further described in Item 1. Business, Business Developments now each provide rights over five shares. For consistency, all number of options presented herein are shown on the basis of the number of shares subject to the options . On April 27, 2022, at the Annual and Special Meeting, the Company's shareholders approved an amendment to the MSOIP to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the MSOIP, effective at and after April 27, 2022, by 20,000,000 Common Shares . At February 23, 2023, 7,708,866 options were outstanding under the MSOIP and stand-alone option agreements entered into with Mr. Keith Creel. There are 21,883,561 options available to be issued by the Company s MSOIP in the future. The Company also has a Director's Stock Option Plan DSOP ), under which directors are granted options to purchase Common Shares. There are no outstanding options under the DSOP, which has 1,700,000 options available to be issued in the future. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 The Company presents Non-GAAP measures to provide a basis for evaluating underlying earnings and liquidity trends in the Company s business that can be compared with the results of operations in prior periods. In addition, these Non-GAAP measures facilitate a multi-period assessment of long-term profitability, allowing management and other external users of the Company s consolidated financial information to compare profitability on a long-term basis, including assessing future profitability, with that of the Company s peers. 
 
 These Non-GAAP measures have no standardized meaning and are not defined by GAAP and, therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of these Non-GAAP measures is not intended to be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 The Company uses adjusted earnings results including Adjusted income, Adjusted diluted earnings per share, Adjusted operating income, and Adjusted operating ratio to evaluate the Company s operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations and future profitability. Core adjusted income and Core adjusted diluted earnings per share are presented to provide financial statement users with additional transparency by isolating for the impact of KCS purchase accounting. KCS purchase accounting represents the amortization of basis differences, being the difference in value between the consideration paid to acquire KCS and the underlying carrying value of the net assets of KCS immediately prior to its acquisition by the Company, net of tax, as recognized within Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. All assets subject to KCS purchase accounting contribute to income generation and will continue to amortize over their estimated useful lives. These Non-GAAP measures are discussed further in other sections of this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These Non-GAAP measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding operating results because they exclude certain significant items that are not considered indicative of future financial trends either by nature or amount or provide improved comparability to past performance. As a result, these items are excluded for management's assessment of operational performance, allocation of resources, and preparation of annual budgets. These significant items may include, but are not limited to, restructuring and asset impairment charges, individually significant gains and losses from sales of assets, acquisition-related costs, the merger termination payment received, KCS's gain on unwinding of interest rate hedges (net of CP's associated purchase accounting basis differences and tax), as recognized within Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income, the FX impact of translating the Company s debt and lease liabilities (including borrowings under the credit facility), discrete tax 

47 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 items, changes in the outside basis tax difference between the carrying amount of CP's equity investment in KCS and its tax basis of this investment, changes in income tax rates, changes to an uncertain tax item, and certain items outside the control of management. Acquisition-related costs include legal, consulting, financing fees, integration planning costs consisting of third-party services and system migration, fair value gain or loss on FX forward contracts and interest rate hedges, FX gain on U.S. dollar-denominated cash on hand from the issuances of long-term debt to fund the KCS acquisition, and transaction and integration costs incurred by KCS, net of tax, which were recognized within Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. These items may not be non-recurring. However, excluding these significant items from GAAP results allows for a consistent understanding of the Company's consolidated financial performance when performing a multi-period assessment including assessing the likelihood of future results. Accordingly, these Non-GAAP financial measures may provide insight to investors and other external users of the Company's consolidated financial information. 
 
 In 2022, there were five significant items included in Net income as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a gain of 212 million due to KCS's gain on unwinding of interest rate hedges (net of CP's associated purchase accounting basis differences and tax) recognized in Equity earnings of KCS that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 23 cents; 
 in the fourth quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 24 million as a result of a reversal of an uncertain tax item related to a prior period that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; 
 in the third quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 12 million due to a decrease in the Iowa state tax rate that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 1 cent; 
 during the course of the year, a net deferred tax recovery of 19 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 2 cents as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 27 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; 
 in the third quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 9 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 1 cent; 
 in the second quarter, a deferred tax expense of 49 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 5 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 32 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; and 
 during the course of the year, acquisition-related costs of 123 million in connection with the KCS acquisition 108 million after current tax recovery of 15 million), including costs of 74 million recognized in Purchased services and other, and 49 million recognized in Equity earnings of KCS, that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 12 cents as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, acquisition-related costs of 27 million 16 million after current tax recovery of 11 million), including costs of 17 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 10 million recognized in Equity earnings of KCS, that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; 
 in the third quarter, acquisition-related costs of 30 million 33 million after current tax expense of 3 million), including costs of 18 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 12 million recognized in Equity earnings of KCS, that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; 
 in the second quarter, acquisition-related costs of 33 million 29 million after current tax recovery of 4 million), including costs of 19 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 14 million recognized in Equity earnings of KCS, that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, acquisition-related costs of 33 million 30 million after current tax recovery of 3 million), including costs of 20 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 13 million recognized in Equity earnings of KCS, that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents. 
 
 In 2021, there were four significant items included in Net income as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 33 million on changes in the outside basis difference of the equity investment in KCS that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 5 cents; 
 in the second quarter, the merger termination payment received of 845 million 748 million after current taxes) in connection with KCS's termination of the Original Merger Agreement effective May 21, 2021, that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 1.11; 
 during the course of the year, acquisition-related costs of 599 million in connection with the KCS acquisition 500 million after current tax recovery of 107 million net of deferred tax expense of 8 million), including costs of 183 million recognized in Purchased services and other, 169 million recognized in Equity loss of KCS, and 247 million recognized in Other expense (income), that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 75 cents as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, acquisition-related costs of 157 million 157 million after current tax recovery of 13 million net of deferred tax expense of 13 million), including costs of 36 million recognized in Purchased services and other, 169 million in Equity loss of KCS, and a 48 million recovery recognized in Other (income) expense, that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 22 cents; 
 in the third quarter, acquisition-related costs of 98 million 80 million after current tax recovery of 61 million net of deferred tax expense of 43 million), including costs of 15 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 83 million recognized in Other expense (income), that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 12 cents; 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 48 

in the second quarter, acquisition-related costs of 308 million 236 million after current taxes of 25 million and deferred taxes of 47 million), including costs of 99 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 209 million recognized in Other expense (income), that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 35 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, acquisition-related costs of 36 million 27 million after current taxes of 8 million and deferred taxes of 1 million), including costs of 33 million recognized in Purchased services and other and 3 million recognized in Other expense (income), that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 4 cents; and 
 during the course of the year, a net non-cash gain of 7 million 6 million after deferred tax) due to FX translation of debt and lease liabilities that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 1 cent as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a 32 million loss 28 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 4 cents; 
 in the third quarter, a 46 million loss 40 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 6 cents; 
 in the second quarter, a 52 million gain 45 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 7 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, a 33 million gain 29 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 4 cents. 
 
 In 2020, there were two significant items included in Net income as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 29 million due to a change relating to a tax return filing election for the state of North Dakota that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 5 cents; and 
 during the course of the year, a net non-cash gain of 14 million 12 million after deferred tax) due to FX translation of debt and lease liabilities that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 2 cents as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a 103 million gain 90 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 13 cents; 
 in the third quarter, a 40 million gain 38 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 6 cents; 
 in the second quarter, an 86 million gain 82 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 12 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, a 215 million loss 198 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 28 cents. 
 
 In 2019, there were three significant items included in Net income as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a deferred tax expense of 24 million as a result of a provision for an uncertain tax item of a prior period that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; 
 in the second quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 88 million due to the change in the Alberta provincial corporate income tax rate that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 13 cents; and 
 during the course of the year, a net non-cash gain of 94 million 86 million after deferred tax) due to FX translation of debt and lease liabilities that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 12 cents as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a 37 million gain 32 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 4 cents; 
 in the third quarter, a 25 million loss 22 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; 
 in the second quarter, a 37 million gain 34 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 4 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, a 45 million gain 42 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 6 cents. 
 
 In 2018, there were two significant items included in Net income as follows: 
 in the second quarter, a deferred tax recovery of 21 million due to reductions in the Missouri and Iowa state tax rates that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 3 cents; and 
 during the course of the year, a net non-cash loss of 168 million 150 million after deferred tax) due to FX translation of debt that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 21 cents as follows: 
 in the fourth quarter, a 113 million loss 103 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 14 cents; 
 in the third quarter, a 38 million gain 33 million after deferred tax) that favourably impacted Diluted EPS by 5 cents; 
 in the second quarter, a 44 million loss 38 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 5 cents; and 
 in the first quarter, a 49 million loss 42 million after deferred tax) that unfavourably impacted Diluted EPS by 6 cents. 

49 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Reconciliation of GAAP Performance Measures to Non-GAAP Performance Measures 
 The following tables reconcile the most directly comparable measures presented in accordance with GAAP to the Non-GAAP measures as discussed further in other sections of this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: 
 
 Adjusted income is calculated as Net income reported on a GAAP basis adjusted for significant items. Core adjusted income is calculated as Adjusted income less KCS purchase accounting. 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income as reported 3,517 2,852 2,444 2,440 1,951 Less significant items (pre-tax): KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges 212 Acquisition-related costs (123) (599) Merger termination fee 845 Impact of FX translation gain (loss) on debt and lease liabilities 7 14 94 (168) Add: Tax effect of adjustments (1) 
 (15) (1) 2 8 (18) Deferred tax recovery on the outside basis difference of the investment in KCS (19) (33) Income tax rate changes (12) (29) (88) (21) (Reversal of) provision for uncertain tax item (24) 24 Adjusted income 3,358 2,565 2,403 2,290 2,080 Less: KCS purchase accounting (163) (8) Core adjusted income 3,521 2,573 2,403 2,290 2,080 
 (1) The tax effect of adjustments was calculated as the pre-tax effect of the adjustments multiplied by the applicable tax rate for the above items of 16.97 , 0.51 , 13.58 , 8.55 and 10.64 for the years presented, respectively. The applicable tax rates reflect the taxable jurisdictions and nature, being on account of capital or income, of the significant items. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 50 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated using Adjusted income, as defined above, divided by the weighted-average diluted number of Common Shares outstanding during the period as determined in accordance with GAAP. Core adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated as Adjusted diluted earnings per share less KCS purchase accounting. 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Diluted earnings per share as reported 3.77 4.18 3.59 3.50 2.72 Less significant items (pre-tax): KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges 0.23 Acquisition-related costs (0.14) (0.88) Merger termination fee 1.24 Impact of FX translation gain (loss) on debt and lease liabilities 0.01 0.02 0.13 (0.23) Add: Tax effect of adjustments (1) 
 (0.02) 0.01 (0.02) Deferred tax recovery on the outside basis difference of the investment in KCS (0.02) (0.05) Income tax rate changes (0.01) (0.04) (0.13) (0.03) (Reversal of) provision for uncertain tax item (0.03) 0.04 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 3.60 3.76 3.53 3.29 2.90 Less: KCS purchase accounting (0.17) (0.01) Core adjusted diluted earnings per share 3.77 3.77 3.53 3.29 2.90 
 (1) The tax effect of adjustments was calculated as the pre-tax effect of the adjustments multiplied by the applicable tax rate for the above items of 16.97 , 0.51 , 13.58 , 8.55 and 10.64 for the years presented, respectively. The applicable tax rates reflect the taxable jurisdictions and nature, being on account of capital or income, of the significant items. 
 
 Adjusted operating income is calculated as Operating income reported on a GAAP basis less significant items . 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Operating income as reported 3,329 3,206 3,311 3,124 2,831 Less significant item: Acquisition-related costs (74) (183) Adjusted operating income 3,403 3,389 3,311 3,124 2,831 
 
 Operating ratio is calculated as operating expenses divided by revenues. Adjusted operating ratio excludes those significant items that are reported within Operating income. 
 
 For the year ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Operating ratio as reported 62.2 59.9 57.1 59.9 61.3 Less significant item: Acquisition-related costs 0.8 2.3 Adjusted operating ratio 61.4 57.6 57.1 59.9 61.3 
 
 Adjusted Return on Invested Capital ("Adjusted ROIC") 
 Return on average shareholders' equity is calculated as Net income divided by average shareholders' equity, averaged between the beginning and ending balance over a trailing twelve month period. Adjusted ROIC is calculated as Adjusted return divided by Adjusted average invested capital. Adjusted return is defined as Net income adjusted for interest expense, tax effected at the Company s adjusted annualized effective tax rate, and significant items in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, tax effected at the applicable tax rate. Adjusted average invested capital is defined as the sum of total 

51 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Shareholders' equity, Long-term debt, and Long-term debt maturing within one year, as presented in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, each averaged between the beginning and ending balance over a trailing twelve month period, adjusted for the impact of significant items, tax effected at the applicable tax rate, on closing balances as part of this average. Adjusted ROIC excludes significant items reported in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, as these significant items are not considered indicative of future financial trends either by nature or amount, and excludes interest expense, net of tax, to incorporate returns on the Company s overall capitalization. Adjusted ROIC is a performance measure that measures how productively the Company uses its long-term capital investments, representing critical indicators of good operating and investment decisions made by management, and is an important performance criteria in determining certain elements of the Company's long-term incentive plan. Adjusted ROIC is reconciled below from Return on average shareholders' equity, the most comparable measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Calculation of Return on average shareholders' equity For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentages) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income as reported 3,517 2,852 2,444 2,440 1,951 Average shareholders' equity 36,358 20,574 7,194 6,853 6,537 Return on average shareholders' equity 9.7 13.9 34.0 35.6 29.8 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Return 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Net income as reported 3,517 2,852 2,444 2,440 1,951 Add: Net interest expense 652 440 458 448 453 Tax on interest (1) 
 (145) (106) (113) (112) (112) Significant items (pre-tax): KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges (212) Acquisition-related costs 123 599 Merger termination fee (845) Impact of FX translation (gain) loss on debt and lease liabilities (7) (14) (94) 168 Tax on significant items (2) 
 (15) (1) 2 8 (18) Deferred tax recovery on the outside basis difference of the investment in KCS (19) (33) Income tax rate changes (12) (29) (88) (21) (Reversal of) provision for uncertain tax item (24) 24 Adjusted return 3,865 2,899 2,748 2,626 2,421 
 (1) Tax was calculated at the adjusted annualized effective tax rate of 22.24 , 23.85 , 24.61 , 24.96 , and 24.55 for each of the above items for the years presented, respectively. 
 (2) Tax was calculated as the pre-tax effect of the adjustments multiplied by the applicable tax rate of 16.97 , 0.51 , 13.58 , 8.55 , and 10.64 for each of the above items for the years presented, respectively. The applicable tax rates reflect the taxable jurisdictions and nature, being on account of capital or income, of the significant items. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 52 

Reconciliation of Average shareholders' equity to Adjusted average invested capital 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Average shareholders' equity 36,358 20,574 7,194 6,853 6,537 Average long-term debt, including long-term debt maturing within one year 19,889 14,949 9,264 8,726 8,427 56,247 35,523 16,458 15,579 14,964 Less: Significant items (pre-tax): KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges 106 Acquisition-related costs (62) (300) Merger termination fee 423 Tax on significant items (1) 
 8 1 Deferred tax recovery on the outside basis difference of the investment in KCS 10 16 Income tax rate changes 6 15 44 11 (Reversal of) provision for uncertain tax item 12 (12) Adjusted average invested capital 56,167 35,383 16,443 15,547 14,953 
 (1) Tax was calculated at the pre-tax effect of the adjustments multiplied by the applicable tax rate of 16.97 and 0.90 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The applicable tax rate reflects the taxable jurisdictions and nature, being on account of capital or income, of the significant items. 
 
 Calculation of Adjusted ROIC 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for percentages) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Adjusted return 3,865 2,899 2,748 2,626 2,421 Adjusted average invested capital 56,167 35,383 16,443 15,547 14,953 Adjusted ROIC 6.9 8.2 16.7 16.9 16.2 
 
 Free Cash 
 Free cash is calculated as Cash provided by operating activities, less Cash used in investing activities, adjusted for changes in Cash and cash equivalents balances resulting from FX fluctuations, cash settlement of hedges settled upon issuance of debt, the operating cash flow impacts of acquisition-related costs associated with the KCS transaction including settlement of cash flow hedges upon debt issuance and FX gain on U.S. dollar-denominated cash held to fund the KCS acquisition, the merger termination payment received related to KCS's termination of the Original Merger Agreement, and the acquisitions of KCS, Central Maine Qu bec Railway ("CMQ"), and Detroit River Tunnel Partnership ("DRTP"). Free cash is a measure that management considers to be a valuable indicator of liquidity. Free cash is useful to investors and other external users of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements as it assists with the evaluation of the Company's ability to generate cash to satisfy debt obligations and discretionary activities such as dividends, share repurchase programs, and other strategic opportunities, and is an important performance criteria in determining certain elements of the Company's long-term incentive plan. The cash settlement of forward starting swaps that occurred in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt, the acquisition-related costs associated with the KCS acquisition, and the merger termination payment received related to KCS's termination of the Original Merger Agreement are not indicative of operating trends and have been excluded from Free cash. Similarly, the acquisitions of KCS, CMQ, and DRTP are not indicative of investment trends and have also been excluded from Free cash. Free cash should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, Cash provided by operating activities. 

53 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Reconciliation of Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Free Cash 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Cash provided by operating activities 4,142 3,688 2,802 2,990 2,712 Cash used in investing activities (1,496) (13,730) (2,030) (1,803) (1,458) Effect of foreign currency fluctuations on U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents 20 41 6 (4) 11 Less: Settlement of forward starting swaps on debt issuance (24) Acquisition-related costs (1) 
 (67) (340) Merger termination fee 845 Investment in Kansas City Southern (12,299) Investment in Central Maine Qu bec Railway 19 (174) Investment in Detroit River Tunnel Partnership (398) Free cash 2,733 1,793 1,157 1,357 1,289 
 (1) Including settlement of cash flow hedges upon debt issuance of 226 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Adjusted Change 
 FX adjusted change allows certain financial results to be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons in the analysis of trends in business performance. Financial result variances at constant currency are obtained by translating the comparable period of the prior year results denominated in U.S. dollars at the foreign exchange rates of the current period. 
 
 FX adjusted changes in revenues are further used in calculating FX adjusted change in freight revenue per carload and RTM. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 (in millions of Canadian dollars) Reported 2022 Reported 2021 Variance due to FX FX Adjusted 2021 FX Adjusted Change Freight revenues by line of business Grain 1,776 1,684 34 1,718 3 Coal 577 625 3 628 (8) Potash 581 463 9 472 23 Fertilizers and sulphur 332 305 9 314 6 Forest products 403 348 12 360 12 Energy, chemicals and plastics 1,394 1,563 31 1,594 (13) Metals, minerals, and consumer products 884 728 22 750 18 Automotive 438 376 9 385 14 Intermodal 2,242 1,724 13 1,737 29 Freight revenues 8,627 7,816 142 7,958 8 Non-freight revenues 187 179 1 180 4 Total revenues 8,814 7,995 143 8,138 8 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 54 

FX adjusted changes in operating expenses are discussed in Operating Expenses of this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 (in millions of Canadian dollars) Reported 2022 Reported 2021 Variance due to FX FX Adjusted 2021 FX Adjusted Change Compensation and benefits 1,570 1,570 18 1,588 (1) Fuel 1,400 854 27 881 59 Materials 260 215 2 217 20 Equipment rents 140 121 3 124 13 Depreciation and amortization 853 811 8 819 4 Purchased services and other 1,262 1,218 13 1,231 3 Total operating expenses 5,485 4,789 71 4,860 13 
 
 Dividend Payout Ratio and Core Adjusted Dividend Payout Ratio 
 Dividend payout ratio is calculated as dividends declared per share divided by Diluted EPS. Core adjusted dividend payout ratio is calculated as dividends declared per share divided by Core adjusted diluted EPS, as defined above. This ratio is a measure of shareholder return and provides information on the Company's ability to declare dividends on an ongoing basis, excluding significant items and the impact of KCS purchase accounting. 
 
 Starting in 2022, Core adjusted dividend payout ratio is presented to provide users with additional transparency by isolating for the impact of KCS purchase accounting. 
 
 Calculation of Dividend Payout Ratio 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in Canadian dollars, except for percentages) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Dividends declared per share 0.7600 0.7600 0.7120 0.6280 0.5025 Diluted EPS 3.77 4.18 3.59 3.50 2.72 Dividend payout ratio 20.2 18.2 19.8 17.9 18.5 
 
 Calculation of Core Adjusted Dividend Payout Ratio 
 
 For the year ended December 31 (in Canadian dollars, except for percentages) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Dividends declared per share 0.7600 0.7600 0.7120 0.6280 0.5025 Core adjusted diluted EPS 3.77 3.77 3.53 3.29 2.90 Core adjusted dividend payout ratio 20.2 20.2 20.1 19.1 17.3 
 
 Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio and Pro-forma adjusted Net Debt to Pro-forma adjusted EBITDA Ratio 
 Adjusted net debt to Adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") ratio is calculated as Adjusted net debt divided by Adjusted EBITDA. The Adjusted net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio is a key credit measure used to assess the Company s financial capacity. The ratio provides information on the Company s ability to service its debt and other long-term obligations from operations, excluding significant items, and is an important performance criteria in determining certain elements of the Company's long-term incentive plan. The Adjusted net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio is reconciled below from the Long-term debt to Net income ratio, the most comparable measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, CP added disclosure of Pro-forma adjusted net debt to Pro-forma adjusted EBITDA ratio to better align with CP s debt covenant calculation, which incorporates the trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA of KCS as well as KCS s outstanding debt. CP is incorporating the trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA of KCS on a pro-forma basis, as CP is not entitled to earnings prior to the acquisition date of December 14, 2021. CP does not control KCS while it is in the voting trust during review of our merger application by the STB, though CP is the beneficial owner of 

55 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 KCS s outstanding shares and receives cash dividends from KCS. The adjustment to include the trailing twelve month EBITDA and KCS s outstanding debt provides users of the financial statements with better insight into CP s progress in achieving deleveraging commitments. KCS s disclosed U.S. dollar financial values for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, were adjusted to Canadian dollars reflecting the FX rate for the appropriate period presented, respectively. The Pro-forma adjusted Net Debt to Pro-forma adjusted EBITDA ratio is discussed further in Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Calculation of Long-term Debt to Net Income Ratio 
 Long-term debt to Net income ratio is calculated as long-term debt, including long-term debt maturing within one year, divided by Net income. 
 
 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for ratios) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Long-term debt including long-term debt maturing within one year as at December 31 19,651 20,127 9,771 8,757 8,696 Net income for the year ended December 31 3,517 2,852 2,444 2,440 1,951 Long-term debt to Net income ratio 5.6 7.1 4.0 3.6 4.5 
 
 Reconciliation of Long-term Debt to Adjusted Net Debt and Pro-forma Adjusted Net Debt 
 Adjusted net debt is defined as Long-term debt, Long-term debt maturing within one year and Short-term borrowing as reported on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets adjusted for pension plans deficit, operating lease liabilities recognized on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted net debt is used as a measure of debt and long-term obligations as part of the calculation of Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 (in millions of Canadian dollars) (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 CP long-term debt including long-term debt maturing within one year as at December 31 19,651 20,127 9,771 8,757 8,696 Add: Pension plans deficit (2) 
 175 263 328 294 266 Operating lease liabilities 270 283 311 354 387 Less: Cash and cash equivalents 451 69 147 133 61 CP Adjusted net debt as at December 31 19,645 20,604 10,263 9,272 9,288 KCS's long-term debt including long-term debt maturing within one year as at December 31 5,119 4,789 N/A N/A N/A Add: KCS operating lease liabilities 136 87 N/A N/A N/A Less: KCS cash and cash equivalents 281 430 N/A N/A N/A KCS Adjusted net debt as at December 31 4,974 4,446 N/A N/A N/A CP Adjusted net debt as at December 31 19,645 20,604 N/A N/A N/A Pro-forma Adjusted net debt as at December 31 24,619 25,050 N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) KCS's amounts were translated at the period end FX rate of 1.35 and 1.27 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Pension plans deficit is the total funded status of the Pension plans in deficit only. 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to EBIT, Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBITDA and Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA 
 Earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT") is calculated as Net income before Net interest expense and Income tax expense. Adjusted EBIT excludes significant items reported in both Operating income and Other expense (income). Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as Adjusted EBIT plus operating lease expense and Depreciation and amortization, less Other components of net periodic benefit recovery. Adjusted EBITDA is used as a measure of liquidity derived from operations, excluding significant items, as part of the calculation of Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 56 

For the year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 CP Net income as reported 3,517 2,852 2,444 2,440 1,951 Add: Net interest expense 652 440 458 448 453 Income tax expense 628 768 758 706 637 EBIT 4,797 4,060 3,660 3,594 3,041 Less significant items (pre-tax): KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges 212 Acquisition-related costs (123) (599) Merger termination fee 845 Impact of FX translation gain (loss) on debt and lease liabilities 7 14 94 (168) Adjusted EBIT 4,708 3,807 3,646 3,500 3,209 Add: Operating lease expense 75 72 78 83 97 Depreciation and amortization 853 811 779 706 696 Less: Other components of net periodic benefit recovery 411 387 342 381 384 CP Adjusted EBITDA 5,225 4,303 4,161 3,908 3,618 Net income attributable to KCS and subsidiaries 1,290 675 N/A N/A N/A Add: KCS interest expense 204 196 N/A N/A N/A KCS income tax expense 426 269 N/A N/A N/A KCS EBIT 1,920 1,140 N/A N/A N/A Less significant items (pre-tax): KCS merger costs (60) (310) N/A N/A N/A KCS gain on settlement of treasury lock agreements 352 N/A N/A N/A KCS Adjusted EBIT 1,628 1,450 N/A N/A N/A Add: KCS total lease cost 43 40 N/A N/A N/A KCS depreciation and amortization 509 459 N/A N/A N/A KCS Adjusted EBITDA 2,180 1,949 N/A N/A N/A CP Adjusted EBITDA 5,225 4,303 N/A N/A N/A Less: Equity earnings (loss) of KCS (2) 
 1,074 (141) N/A N/A N/A Acquisition-related costs of KCS (3) 
 49 169 N/A N/A N/A KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges (4) 
 (212) N/A N/A N/A Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA 6,494 6,224 N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) KCS's amounts were translated at the quarterly average FX rate of 1.36, 1.30, 1.28, and 1.27 for Q4 2022, Q3 2022, Q2 2022 and Q1 2022 and 1.26, 1.26, 1.23, and 1.27 for Q4 2021, Q3 2021, Q2 2021, and Q1 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Equity earnings (loss) of KCS were part of CP's reported net income and therefore have been deducted in arriving to the Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (3) Acquisition-related costs of KCS have been adjusted in CP's Adjusted EBITDA calculation above, therefore have been deducted in arriving to the Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (4) KCS net gain on unwind of interest rate hedges has been adjusted in CP's Adjusted EBITDA calculation above and therefore has been added back in arriving to the Pro-forma Adjusted EBITDA . 

57 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Calculation of Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio and Pro-forma Adjusted Net Debt to Pro-forma Adjusted 
 EBITDA Ratio 
 
 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for ratios) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Adjusted net debt as at December 31 19,645 20,604 10,263 9,272 9,288 Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31 5,225 4,303 4,161 3,908 3,618 Adjusted net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio 3.8 4.8 2.5 2.4 2.6 
 
 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except for ratios) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Pro-forma adjusted net debt as at December 31 24,619 25,050 N/A N/A N/A Pro-forma adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31 6,494 6,224 N/A N/A N/A Pro-forma adjusted net debt to Pro-forma adjusted EBITDA ratio 3.8 4.0 N/A N/A N/A 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 To prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements that conform with GAAP, the Company is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Using the most current information available, the Company reviews estimates on an ongoing basis. 
 
 The development, selection and disclosure of these estimates, and this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, have been reviewed by the Board of Directors Audit and Finance Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors. 
 
 Environmental Liabilities 
 Environmental remediation accruals cover site-specific remediation programs. The Company's estimates of the probable costs to be incurred in the remediation of properties contaminated by past activities reflect the nature of contamination at individual sites according to typical activities and scale of operations conducted. The Company screens and classifies sites according to typical activities and scale of operations conducted. The Company has developed remediation strategies for each property based on the nature and extent of the contamination, as well as the location of the property and surrounding areas that may be adversely affected by the presence of contaminants. The Company also considers available technologies, treatment and disposal facilities and the acceptability of site-specific plans based on the local regulatory environment. Site-specific plans range from containment and risk management of the contaminants through to the removal and treatment of the contaminants and affected soils and groundwater. The details of the estimates reflect the environmental liability at each property. The Company is committed to fully meeting regulatory and legal obligations with respect to environmental matters. 
 
 Some sites include remediation activities that are projected beyond the 10-year period, which the Company is unable to reasonably estimate and determine. Therefore, the Company's accruals of the environmental liabilities are based on an estimate of costs for a rolling 10-year period covered by the environmental program. Payments are expected to be made over 10 years to 2032. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company's provision for specific environmental sites including discounting was 83 million and 79 million respectively. 
 
 Provisions for environmental remediation costs are recorded in Other long-term liabilities (refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 17 Other long-term liabilities), except for the current portion which is recorded in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (refer to Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities). The accruals for environmental remediation represent the Company s best estimate of its probable future obligations and include both asserted and unasserted claims, without reduction for anticipated recoveries from third parties. Although the recorded accruals include the Company s best estimate of all probable costs, the Company s total environmental remediation costs cannot be predicted with certainty. Accruals for environmental remediation may change from time to time as new information about previously untested sites becomes known, environmental laws and regulations evolve and advances are made in environmental remediation technology. The accruals may also vary as the courts decide legal proceedings against outside parties responsible for contamination. These potential charges, which cannot be quantified at this time, are not expected to be material to the Company s financial position, but may materially affect income in the period in which a charge is recognized. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 58 

The environmental liabilities are also sensitive to the increase in cost of materials which would be reflected as increases to "Other long-term liabilities" and "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and to "Purchased services and other" within Operating expenses on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company's cash payments for environmental initiatives were 10 million in 2021, 8 million in 2022 and are estimated to be approximately 12 million in 2023, 11 million in 2024, 10 million in 2025 and a total of approximately 53 million over the remaining years through 2032. All payments will be funded from general operations. 
 
 Pensions and Other Benefits 
 The Company has defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans. Other benefits include post-retirement medical and life insurance for pensioners, and some post-employment workers compensation and long-term disability benefits in Canada. Workers compensation and long-term disability benefits are discussed in the Personal Injury and Other Claims Liabilities section below. 
 
 The obligations and costs for pensions and other benefits are based on the discounted present value of future benefits. The underlying benefits are paid over many years and are estimated based on uncertain demographic and economic assumptions. As a result, the obligations and costs themselves involve a significant amount of estimation uncertainty. 
 
 Information concerning the measurement of obligations and costs for pensions and other benefits is discussed in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1 Summary of significant accounting policies, and Note 21 Pensions and other benefits. 
 
 Net Periodic Benefit Costs 
 The Company estimates net periodic benefit recoveries for defined benefit pensions to be approximately 293 million in 2023 70 million in current service cost and 363 million in other components of net periodic benefit recovery), and net periodic benefit costs for defined contribution pensions to be approximately 13 million in 2023. Net periodic benefit costs for post-retirement benefits in 2023 are not expected to differ materially from the 2022 costs. Total net periodic benefit recoveries for all plans are estimated to be approximately 250 million in 2023 (2022 240 million), comprising 92 million (2022 171 million) in current service cost and 342 million (2022 411 million) in other components of net periodic benefit recovery. 
 
 Pension Plan Contributions 
 The Company estimates its aggregate pension contributions, including its defined benefit and defined contribution plans, to be in the range of 25 million to 35 million in 2023, and in the range of 25 million to 50 million per year from 2024 to 2026. 
 
 The Company s main Canadian defined benefit pension plan accounts for nearly all of the Company s pension obligation and can produce significant volatility in pension funding requirements, given the pension fund s size, the many factors that drive the pension plan s funded status, and Canadian statutory pension funding requirements. The Company made voluntary prepayments totaling 1,750 million between 2009 and 2011 to the Company s main Canadian defined benefit pension plan. The Company has applied 1,324 million of these voluntary prepayments to reduce its pension funding requirements in 2012 2022, leaving 426 million of the voluntary prepayments still available at December 31, 2022, to reduce the Company s pension funding requirements in 2023 and future years. The Company continues to have significant flexibility with respect to the rate at which the remaining voluntary prepayments are applied to reduce future years pension contribution requirements, which allows the Company to manage the volatility of future pension funding requirements. At this time, the Company estimates it will not apply any of the remaining voluntary prepayments against its 2023 pension funding requirements. 
 
 Future pension contributions will be highly dependent on the Company s actual experience with respect to variables such as investment returns, interest rate fluctuations, and demographic changes, on the rate at which previous years voluntary prepayments are applied against pension contribution requirements, and on any changes in the regulatory environment. The Company will continue to make contributions to the pension plans that, at a minimum, meet pension legislative requirements. 
 
 Pension Plan Risks 
 Fluctuations in the obligations and net periodic benefit costs for pensions result from favourable or unfavourable investment returns, changes to the outlook for future investment returns, and changes in long-term interest rates. The impact of favourable or unfavourable investment returns is moderated by the use of a market-related asset value for the main Canadian defined benefit pension plan s public equity securities and absolute return strategies. The impact of changes in long-term interest rates on pension obligations is partially offset by their impact on the pension plans investments in fixed income assets. 
 
 The plans investment policy provides a target allocation of approximately 45 of the plans assets to be invested in public equity securities. As a result, stock market performance is a key driver in determining the pension plans asset performance. If the rate of investment return on the plans public equity securities in 2022 had been 10 higher (or lower) than the actual 2022 rate of investment return on such securities, 2023 net periodic benefit costs for pensions would be lower (or higher) by approximately 21 million. 

59 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 For computing the net periodic benefit recovery in 2023, the Company is continuing to use an expected rate of return on the market-related asset value of 6.90 to reflect the Company's current view of future long-term investment returns. Changes to the outlook for future long-term investment returns can result in changes to the expected rate of return on the market-related asset value. If the expected rate of return as at December 31, 2022 had been higher (or lower) by 0.1 , 2023 net periodic benefit recoveries for pensions would be higher (or lower) by approximately 13 million. 
 
 Changes in bond yields can result in changes to discount rates and to the value of fixed income assets. If the discount rate as at December 31, 2022 had been higher (or lower) by 0.1 with no related changes in the value of the pension plans investments in fixed income assets, 2023 net periodic benefit recoveries for pensions would be higher (or lower) by approximately 8 million and 2023 current service costs for pensions would be lower (or higher) by approximately 3 million. However, a change in bond yields would also lead to a change in the value of the pension funds investments in fixed income assets, and this change would partially offset the impact on net periodic benefit costs noted above. 
 
 The Company estimates that an increase in the discount rate of 0.1 would decrease the defined benefit pension plans projected benefit obligations by approximately 112 million, and that a decrease in the discount rate of 0.1 would increase the defined benefit pension plans projected benefit obligations by approximately 115 million. Similarly, for every 0.1 that the actual return on assets varies above (or below) the estimated return for the year, the value of the defined benefit pension plans assets would increase (or decrease) by approximately 13 million. 
 
 Adverse experience with respect to these factors could eventually increase funding and pension expense significantly, while favourable experience with respect to these factors could eventually decrease funding and pension expense significantly. 
 
 Fluctuations in the post-retirement benefit obligation also can result from changes in the discount rate used. A 0.1 increase (decrease) in the discount rate would decrease (increase) the obligation by approximately 3 million. 
 
 The Company reviews its pensioner mortality experience to ensure that the mortality assumption continues to be appropriate, or to determine what changes to the assumption are needed. 
 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 The Company follows the group depreciation method under which a single depreciation rate is applied to the total cost in a particular class of property, despite differences in the service life or salvage value of individual properties within the same class. The Company performs depreciation studies of each property asset class approximately every three years to update depreciation rates. The studies are conducted with assistance from third-party specialists and analyzed and reviewed by the Company's management. Depreciation studies for U.S. assets are reviewed and approved by the STB. Depreciation studies for Canadian assets are provided to the Canadian Transportation Agency (the "Agency"), but the Agency does not approve depreciation rates. In determining appropriate depreciation rates, management is required to make judgments and assumptions about a variety of key factors that are subject to future variability due to inherent uncertainties. These include the following: 
 
 Key Assumptions Assessments Whole and remaining asset lives 
 
 Statistical analysis of historical retirement patterns; 
 Evaluation of management strategy and its impact on operations and the future use of specific property assets; 
 Assessment of technological advances; 
 Engineering estimates of changes in current operations and analysis of historic, current, and projected future usage; 
 Additional factors considered for track assets: density of traffic and whether rail is new or has been re-laid in a subsequent position; 
 Assessment of policies and practices for the management of assets including maintenance; and 
 Comparison with industry data. 
 Salvage values 
 Analysis of historical, current, and estimated future salvage values. 

The estimates of economic lives are uncertain and can vary due to changes in any of the assessed factors noted in the table above for whole and remaining asset lives. Additionally, the depreciation rates are updated to reflect the change in residual values of the assets in the class. 
 
 It is anticipated that there will be changes in the estimates of weighted-average useful lives and net salvage for each property asset class as assets are acquired, used, and retired. Substantial changes in either the useful lives of properties or the salvage assumptions could result in significant changes to depreciation expense. For example, if the estimated average life of track assets, including rail, ties, ballast, and other track material, increased (or decreased) by one year, annual depreciation expense would decrease (or increase) by approximately 19 million. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 60 

Due to the capital intensive nature of the railway industry, depreciation represents a significant part of operating expenses. The estimated useful lives of properties have a direct impact on the amount of depreciation recorded as a component of "Properties" on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 The Company accounts for deferred income taxes based on the liability method. This method focuses on the Company s balance sheet and the temporary differences otherwise calculated from the comparison of book versus tax values. The provision for deferred income taxes arises from temporary differences in the carrying values of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes and the effect of loss carryforwards. The provision amount is sensitive to any changes in book and tax values and changes to statutory tax rates. For example, a change in temporary differences of 10 million would result in an approximate deferred income tax change of 3 million. It is assumed that such temporary differences will be settled in the deferred income tax assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date. 
 
 In determining deferred income taxes, the Company makes estimates and assumptions regarding deferred tax matters, including estimating the timing of the realization and settlement of deferred income tax assets (including the benefit of tax losses) and liabilities, and estimating unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. Deferred income taxes are calculated using enacted federal, provincial, and state future income tax rates, which may differ in future periods. 
 
 Deferred income tax expense is included in "Income tax expense" on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred income tax expense was 136 million and 242 million, respectively. Management does anticipate the total net deferred tax liabilities will change significantly within the next 12 months as a result of the pending business combination with KCS, subject to STB approval. A future fair value remeasurement of the carrying value of the Company's investment in KCS would result in a change in the deferred tax liability recognized in the Company s income statement. Upon the Company obtaining control, the entire deferred tax liability of 7.5 billion at December 31, 2022, reflecting the outside basis of the investment in KCS, would be reversed through deferred tax expense in the Company s income statement. Under a business combination, the Company would allocate the purchase price to the individual assets and liabilities assumed, and goodwill would be recognized. A deferred tax liability would be recognized on an inside basis based on the liability method described above with a resultant offsetting increase in goodwill. Additional disclosures are provided in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 5 Income taxes. 
 
 Personal Injury and Other Claims Liabilities 
 The Company estimates the potential liability arising from incidents, claims and pending litigations relating to personal injury claims by employees, third-party claims, certain occupation-related claims, and property damage claims. 
 
 Personal Injury 
 In Canada, employee occupational injuries are governed by provincial workers' compensation legislation. Occupational injury claims in the provinces of Qu bec, Ontario, Manitoba, and B.C. are self-insured and administered through each Worker's Compensation Board ("WCB"). The future costs related to occupation-related injuries are actuarially determined based on past experience and assumptions associated with the injury, compensation, income replacement, health care, and administrative costs. In the four provinces where the Company is self-insured, a discount rate is applied to the future estimated costs based on market rates for investment-grade corporate bonds to determine the liability. An actuarial study is performed on an annual basis. In the provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta, the Company is assessed an annual WCB contribution on a premium basis and this amount is not subject to estimation by management. Changes to these assumptions could have a material adverse impact to the Company's results of operations, financial position and liquidity. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the WCB liability was 74 million and 77 million in "Pension and other benefit liabilities"; 11 million and 11 million in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities", offset by deposits paid to WCB of 1 million and 1 million in "Other assets" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Fluctuations in WCB can result from changes in the discount rate used. A 0.1 increase (decrease) in the discount rate would decrease (increase) the obligation by approximately 1 million. 
 
 U.S. railway employees are covered by federal law under the Federal Employers' Liability Act ("FELA") rather than workers' compensation programs. Accruals are set for individual cases based on facts, legal opinion and statistical analysis. U.S. accruals are also set and include alleged occupational exposure or injury. 
 
 Other Claims 
 A provision for litigation matters, equipment damages or other claims will be accrued according to applicable accounting standards and any such accrual will be based on an ongoing assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the litigation or claim and its likelihood of success, together with an evaluation of the damages or other monetary relief sought. The Company accrues for probable claims when the facts of an incident become known and investigation results provide a reasonable basis for estimating the liability. The lower end of the range is accrued if the facts and circumstances permit only a range of reasonable estimates and no single amount in that range is a better estimate than any other. Facts and circumstances related to asserted claims can change, and a process is in place to monitor accruals for changes in accounting estimates. The final outcome with respect to actions 

61 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 outstanding or pending at December 31, 2022, or with respect to future claims cannot be predicted with certainty. Material changes to litigation trends, equipment damages, or other claims could have a material adverse impact to the Company's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of other relevant securities legislation, including applicable securities laws in Canada (collectively referred to herein as "forward-looking statements"). Forward-looking statements typically include words such as financial expectations , key assumptions , anticipate , believe , expect , plan , will , outlook , should or similar words suggesting future outcomes. To the extent that the Company has provided forecasts or targets using Non-GAAP financial measures, the Company may not be able to provide a reconciliation to a GAAP measure without unreasonable efforts, due to unknown variables and uncertainty related to future results. 
 
 This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements relating, but not limited to statements concerning the Company s defined benefit pension expectations for 2023 and through 2026, expected impacts resulting from changes in the U.S.-to-Canadian dollar exchange rate, and the effective tax rate, as well as statements concerning the Company s operations, anticipated financial performance, business prospects and strategies, including statements concerning the anticipation that cash flow from operations and various sources of financing will be sufficient to meet debt repayments and obligations in the foreseeable future and concerning anticipated capital programs, statements regarding future payments including income taxes, statements regarding the Company's greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions targets, and statements concerning the pending KCS business combination. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions, having regard to the Company's experience and its perception of historical trends, and includes, but is not limited to, expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions relating to: North American and global economic growth; commodity demand growth; sustainable industrial and agricultural production; commodity prices and interest rates; foreign exchange rates (as specified herein); effective tax rates (as specified herein); performance of our assets and equipment; sufficiency of our budgeted capital expenditures in carrying out our business plan; geopolitical conditions; applicable laws, regulations and government policies; the availability and cost of labour, services and infrastructure; the satisfaction by third parties of their obligations to the Company; and the anticipated impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition. Although the Company believes the expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions reflected in the forward-looking statements presented herein are reasonable as of the date hereof, there can be no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Current conditions, economic and otherwise, render assumptions, although reasonable when made, subject to greater uncertainty. 
 
 With respect to the pending KCS business combination, we can provide no assurance when or if the combination will be completed. Completion of the combination is subject to the receipt of final approval from the STB of the CP-KCS control application by December 31, 2023. There can be no assurance of receipt of this final approval by December 31, 2023. Additionally, even if such final approval is received, there can be no guarantee of the successful integration of KCS or that the combined company will realize the anticipated benefits of the business combination, whether financial, strategic or otherwise, and this may be exacerbated by changes to the economic, political and global environment in which the merged company will operate. 
 
 Our GHG emissions targets are subject to a number of inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties that include, but are not limited to, changes in carbon markets, evolving sustainability strategies and scientific or technological developments. Additionally, although our data underlying GHG emissions estimates have been internally vetted using accepted and relevant scientific and technical methodologies, historical performance data may become outdated due to a variety of factors, including improvement in our data collection and measuring systems, activities such as joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions or divestitures, and industry-driven changes to methodologies. As a result of these and other factors, we may not achieve our stated targets. 
 
 Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements as actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous inherent risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the following factors: changes in business strategies; general North American and global economic, credit and business conditions; risks associated with agricultural production such as weather conditions and insect populations; the availability and price of energy commodities; the effects of competition and pricing pressures; industry capacity; shifts in market demand; changes in commodity prices; uncertainty surrounding timing and volumes of commodities being shipped via the Company; inflation; geopolitical instability; changes in laws, regulations and government policies, including regulation of rates; changes in taxes and tax rates; potential increases in maintenance and operating costs; changes in fuel prices; uncertainties of investigations, proceedings or other types of claims and litigation; labour disputes; risks and liabilities arising from derailments; transportation of dangerous goods; timing of completion of capital and maintenance projects; currency and interest rate fluctuations; effects of changes in market conditions and discount rates on the financial position of pension plans and investments; trade restrictions or other changes to international trade arrangements; climate change; various events that could disrupt operations, including severe weather, such as droughts, floods, avalanches and earthquakes, and cybersecurity attacks, as well as security threats and governmental response to them, and technological changes; and the pandemic created by the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants and resulting effects on economic conditions, the demand 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 62 

environment for logistics requirements and energy prices, restrictions imposed by public health authorities or governments, fiscal and monetary policy responses by governments and financial institutions, and disruptions to global supply chains. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. 
 
 There are more specific factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements contained in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Annual Report on Form 10-K. These more specific factors are identified and discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Other risks are detailed from time to time in reports filed by the Company with securities regulators in Canada and the United States. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, or the foregoing assumptions and risks affecting such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

63 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Information concerning market risk sensitive instruments is set forth under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Impact of Foreign Exchange on Earnings and Foreign Exchange Risk and Impact of Changes in Share Price on Earnings and Stock-Based Compensation. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Debt financing forms part of the Company's capital structure. The debt agreements entered into expose the Company to increased interest costs on future fixed debt instruments and existing variable rate debt instruments, should market rates increase. As at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical one percentage point change in interest rates on the Company's floating rate debt obligations outstanding is not material. In addition, the present value of the Company s assets and liabilities will also vary with interest rate changes. To manage interest rate exposure, the Company may enter into forward rate agreements such as treasury rate locks or bond forwards that lock in rates for a future date, thereby protecting against interest rate increases. The Company may also enter into swap agreements whereby one party agrees to pay a fixed rate of interest while the other party pays a floating rate. Contingent on the direction of interest rates, the Company may incur higher costs depending on the contracted rate. 
 
 The fair value of the Company s fixed rate debt may fluctuate with changes in market interest rates. A hypothetical one percentage point decrease in interest rates as of December 31, 2022, would result in an increase of approximately 1.5 billion to the fair value of the Company's debt as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - approximately 2.3 billion). Fair values of the Company s fixed rate debt are estimated by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on quoted market prices and current borrowing rates, but do not consider other factors that could impact actual results. 
 
 Information concerning market risks is supplemented in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 Financial instruments. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 64 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (Ernst Young LLP, PCAOB ID: ; Deloitte LLP, PCAOB ID: 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Income For the Year Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the Year Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 69 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets As at December 31, 2022 and 2021 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Year Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity For the Year Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73 

65 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission framework (2013) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Finance Committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2022, the projected benefit obligation of the Company's defined benefit pension plans was 9,936 million, of which the Canadian pension plans represent nearly all the combined pension obligations. As explained in Notes 1 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, the discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation is based on blended market interest rates on high-quality debt instruments with matching cash flows. 
 
 Auditing the Canadian projected benefit obligation was complex and required the involvement of specialists due to the magnitude of the projected benefit obligation and judgement applied related to the discount rate used in the measurement process. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 To test the discount rate for the Canadian projected benefit obligation, our audit procedure included, among others, testing the Company s internal controls over the assumptions and data used in the determination of the discount rate. 
 
 We assessed the competence and objectivity of the qualified actuary engaged by the Company to value the Canadian projected benefit obligation under ASC 715 Compensation Retirement Benefits . 
 
 We involved an actuarial specialist to assist with our procedures. We evaluated management s methodology and actuarial assumptions with respect to the determination of the discount rate for the Canadian plans in accordance with actuarial principles and practices under Canadian actuarial standards of practice. We developed an independent estimate of the expected duration of the Canadian plans projected benefit cash flows and used other common 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 66 

methodologies to determine the discount rate for the Canadian plans, at the current measurement date, that reflects the maturity and duration of the Canadian expected benefit payments and compared those to the discount rate for the Canadian plans selected by management. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021 

67 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in shareholders' equity, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("US GAAP"). 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 
 February 23, 2022 
 
 We began serving as the Company's auditor in 2011. In 2022, we became the predecessor auditor. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 68 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except share and per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues (Note 3) 
 Freight Non-freight Total revenues Operating expenses Compensation and benefits (Note 21, 22) 
 Fuel Materials Equipment rents Depreciation and amortization Purchased services and other (Note 9, 10) 
 Total operating expenses Operating income Less: Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern (Note 10) 
 ) Other expense (income) (Note 4, 10) ) Merger termination fee (Note 10) 
 ) Other components of net periodic benefit recovery (Note 21) ) ) ) Net interest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense (Note 5) 
 Net income Earnings per share (Note 6) 
 Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted-average number of shares (millions) (Note 6) 
 Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

69 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Net gain (loss) in foreign currency translation adjustments, net of hedging activities ) Change in derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Change in pension and post-retirement defined benefit plans ) Equity accounted investments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) recovery on above items ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 7) ) Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 70 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As at December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except Common Shares) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net (Note 8) 
 Materials and supplies Other current assets Investment in Kansas City Southern (Note 11) 
 Investments Properties (Note 12, 18) 
 Goodwill and intangible assets (Note 10, 13) 
 Pension asset (Note 21) 
 Other assets (Note 18) 
 Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 14, 18) 
 Long-term debt maturing within one year (Note 15, 16, 18) 
 Pension and other benefit liabilities (Note 21) 
 Other long-term liabilities (Note 17, 18) 
 Long-term debt (Note 15, 16, 18) 
 Deferred income taxes (Note 5) 
 Total liabilities Shareholders equity Share capital (Note 19) 
 Authorized unlimited Common Shares without par value. Issued and outstanding are million and 
 million as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Authorized unlimited number of first and second preferred shares; outstanding. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 7) 
 ) Retained earnings Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See Commitments and contingencies (Note 24). 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Approved on behalf of the Board: /s/ ISABELLE COURVILLE /s/ JANE L. PEVERETT Isabelle Courville, Director, Jane L. Peverett, Director, Chair of the Board Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee 

71 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Year ended December 31 (in millions of Canadian dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Reconciliation of net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (Note 5) Pension recovery and funding (Note 21) ) ) ) Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern (Note 10) 
 ) Foreign exchange gain on debt and lease liabilities (Note 4) ) ) Dividends from Kansas City Southern (Note 10) 
 Other operating activities, net ) ) Change in non-cash working capital balances related to operations (Note 20) 
 ) ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Additions to properties ) ) ) Investment in Kansas City Southern (Note 10) 
 ) Investment in Detroit River Tunnel Partnership (Note 10) 
 ) Investment in Central Maine Qu bec Railway 
 Proceeds from sale of properties and other assets Other ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Dividends paid ) ) ) Issuance of Common Shares (Note 22) 
 Purchase of Common shares (Note 19) 
 ) Issuance of long-term debt, excluding commercial paper (Note 15) 
 Repayment of long-term debt, excluding commercial paper (Note 15) 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from term loan (Note 15) 
 Repayment of term loan (Note 15) 
 ) Net (repayment) issuance of commercial paper (Note 15) ) ) Net increase in short-term borrowings Acquisition-related financing fees (Note 10) 
 ) Other ) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency fluctuations on U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents Cash position Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Income taxes paid Interest paid 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 72 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share data) Share capital Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Impact of accounting change (1) 
 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020, as restated ) Net income Other comprehensive loss (Note 7) 
 ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Effect of stock-based compensation expense Common Shares repurchased (Note 19) 
 ) ) ) Shares issued under stock option plan (Note 19) 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (Note 7) 
 Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Effect of stock-based compensation expense Shares issued for Kansas City Southern acquisition (Note 10, 19) 
 ) Shares issued under stock option plan (Note 19) 
 ) Balance as at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive income (Note 7) 
 Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Effect of stock-based compensation expense Shares issued for Kansas City Southern acquisition (Note 10, 19) 
 ) ) Shares issued under stock option plan (Note 19) 
 ) Balance as at December 31, 2022 
 (1) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

73 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY LIMITED 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

1. 

-for-one stock split to shareholders of record as of May 5, 2021. Proportional adjustments were made to all outstanding awards under the Company's stock-based compensation plans in order to reflect the share split. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the impact of the stock split. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 74 

likely to be realized upon settlement. A liability for unrecognized tax benefits is recorded for any tax benefits claimed in the Company s tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. 
 
 Investment and other similar tax credits are deferred on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized to Income tax expense as the related asset is recognized in income. Income tax recovery or expense on items in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" are recognized in "Income tax expense" as the related item is recognized in income. 

or less, but excludes cash and cash equivalents subject to restrictions. 

75 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 76 

77 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

years. When there is a change in the estimated useful life of an intangible asset with a finite life, amortization is adjusted prospectively. 
 
 The Company tests the recoverability of its intangible assets whenever future undiscounted cash flows indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income for the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and fair value. 
 
 of the market value nor being less than of the market value. The discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation is based on blended market interest rates on high-quality debt instruments with matching cash flows. Unrecognized actuarial gains and losses in excess of of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the market-related value of plan assets are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plan (approximately years). Prior service costs arising from collectively bargained amendments to pension plan benefit provisions are amortized over the term of the applicable union agreement. Prior service costs arising from all other sources are amortized over the expected average remaining service period of active employees who are expected to receive benefits under the plan at the date of amendment. 
 
 Costs for post-retirement and post-employment benefits other than pensions, including post-retirement health care and life insurance and some workers compensation and long-term disability benefits in Canada, are actuarially determined on a basis similar to pension costs. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 78 

79 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

2. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 80 

3. 
 Coal Potash Fertilizers and sulphur Forest products Energy, chemicals and plastics Metals, minerals and consumer products Automotive Intermodal Total freight revenues Non-freight excluding leasing revenues Revenues from contracts with customers Leasing revenues Total revenues 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 Contract liabilities represent payments received for performance obligations not yet satisfied and relate to deferred revenue and are presented as components of "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" and "Other long-term liabilities" on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period ) ) Increase due to consideration received, net of revenue recognized during the period Closing balance 

4. 
 ) ) Other foreign exchange gains ) ) Acquisition-related costs (Note 10) 
 Other Other expense (income) ) 

81 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 5. 

Deferred income tax expense Origination and reversal of temporary differences Effect of tax rate decrease ) ) ) Effect of hedge of net investment in foreign subsidiaries (Note 7) 
 
 ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred income tax expense Total income taxes Income before income tax expense Canada Foreign Total income before income tax expense Income tax expense Current Canada Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred Canada ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income tax expense Total income taxes 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 82 

Liabilities carrying value in excess of tax basis Unrealized foreign exchange losses Environmental remediation costs Other (1) 
 Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) Total net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities Investment in Kansas City Southern (Note 10) 
 Properties carrying value in excess of tax basis Pensions carrying value in excess of tax basis Unrealized foreign exchange gains Other Total deferred income tax liabilities Total net deferred income tax liabilities 
 (1) 2021 comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 
 
 The Company s consolidated effective income tax rate differs from the expected Canadian statutory tax rates. 
 
 Expected income tax expense at Canadian enacted statutory tax rates (Decrease) increase in taxes resulting from: Gains not subject to tax ) ) ) Canadian tax rate differentials ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differentials ) ) ) Effect of tax rate decrease ) ) ) Deduction for dividends taxed on outside basis ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) ) ) Other ) Income tax expense 
 
 In 2022, the Company recorded a deferred tax recovery of million (U.S. million) on the outside basis difference of the change in the equity investment in KCS from December 31, 2021. The outside basis difference is the excess of the carrying amount of the Company s investment in KCS for financial reporting over the tax basis of this investment. Reversal of this deferred tax liability is expected to be recognized through income tax expense. 
 
 In 2022, the Company revalued its deferred income tax balances as a result of a corporate income tax rate decrease in the state of Iowa, resulting in a net recovery of million. 

83 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 billion (U.S. billion) on the outside basis difference of its investment in KCS. This balance is held in a U.S. functional currency entity and subsequently revalued to billion at December 31, 2022 billion at December 31, 2021) due to changes in FX. 
 
 In 2021, the Company recorded a deferred tax recovery of million (U.S. million) on the outside basis difference of the change in the equity investment in KCS from initial recognition on December 14, 2021. 
 
 In 2020, the Company revalued its deferred income tax balances as a result of a tax filing election for the state of North Dakota resulting in a lower corporate income tax rate and a net recovery of million . 
 
 With the exception of the deferred tax liability recorded on the outside basis difference of its investment in KCS, the Company has not provided a deferred liability for the income taxes, if any, which might become payable on any temporary difference associated with its foreign investments because the Company intends to indefinitely reinvest in its foreign investments and has no intention to realize this difference by a sale of its interest in foreign investments. It is not practical to calculate the amount of the deferred tax liability. 
 
 It is more likely than not that the Company will realize the majority of its deferred income tax assets from the generation of future taxable income, as the payments for provisions, reserves, and accruals are made and losses and tax credits carried forward are utilized. 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the Company had tax effected operating losses carried forward of million (2021 million), which have been recognized as a deferred tax asset. The losses carried forward will begin to expire in 2034. The Company expects to fully utilize these tax effected operating losses before their expiry. The Company did t have any minimum tax credits or investment tax credits carried forward. 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the Company had million (2021 million) in tax effected capital losses carried forward recognized as a deferred tax asset. The Company has unrecognized tax benefits from capital losses as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Increase in unrecognized: Tax benefits related to the current year Tax benefits related to prior years Dispositions: Gross uncertain tax benefits related to prior years ) ) ) Settlements with taxing authorities Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 
 
 If these uncertain tax positions were recognized, all of the amount of unrecognized tax positions as at December 31, 2022 would impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, a tax authority proposed an adjustment for a prior tax year without assessing taxes. Although the Company had commenced action to have the proposal removed, an increase in uncertain tax position was recorded on deferred income tax liability and expense in the amount of million. While the proposed adjustment was withdrawn during 2020, the ultimate resolution of this matter was not previously determinable. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a deferred tax recovery of million to reverse this uncertain tax position as the amount is no longer expected to be realized. 
 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of "Income tax expense" in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The net amount of accrued interest and penalties in 2022 was a million expense (2021 million expense; 2020 million recovery). The total amount of accrued interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as at December 31, 2022 was million (2021 million; 2020 million). 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to either Canadian federal and provincial income tax, U.S. federal, state and local income tax, or the relevant income tax in other international jurisdictions. The Company has substantially concluded all Canadian federal and provincial income tax matters for the 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 84 

6. 
 
 Weighted-average basic shares outstanding (millions) Dilutive effect of stock options (millions) Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding (millions) Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted 
 
 In 2022, there were million options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because their effects were not dilutive (2021 million; 2020 ). 

85 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 7. 
 
 Translation of the U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt designated as a hedge of the net investment in U.S. subsidiaries and equity method investees (Note 16) 
 ) ) Realized loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges recognized in income ) Change in pension and other benefits actuarial gains and losses ) Change in prior service pension and other benefit costs ) ) Equity accounted investments ) ) Other comprehensive income ) For the year ended December 31, 2021 Unrealized foreign exchange (loss) gain on: Translation of the net investment in U.S. subsidiaries and equity method investees ) ) Translation of the U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt designated as a hedge of the net investment in U.S. subsidiaries and equity method investees (Note 16) 
 ) Change in derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Realized loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges recognized in income ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges ) Change in pension and other benefits actuarial gains and losses ) Equity accounted investments ) Other comprehensive income ) For the year ended December 31, 2020 Unrealized foreign exchange (loss) gain on: Translation of the net investment in U.S. subsidiaries ) ) Translation of the U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt designated as a hedge of the net investment in U.S. subsidiaries (Note 16) 
 ) Realized loss on derivatives designated as cash flow hedges recognized in income ) Change in pension and other benefits actuarial gains and losses ) ) Change in prior service pension and other benefit costs ) ) Equity accounted investments ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 86 
 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Closing balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Opening balance, January 1, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) Closing balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Amounts are presented net of tax. 

8. 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 

9. 
 million including cash of million and property and permanent easement assets at a fair value of million and million, respectively. Fair value was determined based on comparable market transactions. The Company recorded a gain within "Purchased services and other" of million million after tax) from the transaction, and a deferred gain of million, which is being recognized in income over the period of use of certain easements. The Company recognized million of the deferred gain into income in 2022 (2021 million). 

10. 
 route miles extending from the midwest and southeast portions of the United States south into Mexico and connects with all Class I railways. KCS is connected to the CP network at Kansas City. 
 
 On May 21, 2021, KCS terminated the Original Merger Agreement in order to enter into a merger agreement with Canadian National Railway Company ("CN") (the "CN Merger Agreement"). As a result, and under the terms of the Original Merger Agreement, KCS concurrently paid a merger termination fee of million (U.S. million) to the Company, recorded as "Merger termination fee" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 On August 10, 2021, CP submitted a proposal to acquire KCS in a stock and cash transaction representing an enterprise value of approximately U.S. billion, based on the CP closing price on August 9, 2021, which included the assumption of U.S. billion of outstanding KCS debt. The terms of the proposal were very similar in nearly every respect to those in the Original Merger Agreement, except for an increase in the share exchange ratio from to . Following the Surface Transportation Board's ("STB") decision on August 31, 2021 to refuse CN and KCS's joint motion for voting trust approval in respect of the CN Merger Agreement, and after renewed negotiations with CP, KCS's Board of Directors deemed CP's proposal a "Company Superior Proposal", as defined in the CN Merger Agreement, and terminated the CN Merger Agreement. 

87 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 million and refunded the CP merger termination fee of U.S. million to CN (together, the "CN merger termination fees"). In connection with the Merger Agreement, the Company remitted million (U.S. million) to KCS on September 15, 2021 in connection with KCS's payment of the CN merger termination fees, included as part of the cost of the acquisition of KCS within "Investment in Kansas City Southern" in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. This payment is included in "Investment in Kansas City Southern" on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 On December 14, 2021, following approval of the transaction by the shareholders of both the Company and KCS, receipt of Mexican regulatory approvals, satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions and pursuant to the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, the acquisition of KCS was consummated and all outstanding stock of KCS was deposited into a voting trust and held by a single trustee as trust stock. KCS's management and Board of Directors will continue to steward KCS while it is in trust, pursuing its independent business plan and growth strategies. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued approximately million Common Shares to existing KCS common stockholders at the exchange ratio of Common Shares per share of KCS common stock (valued at billion (U.S. billion)) and paid cash consideration to existing KCS stockholders of U.S. per share of KCS common stock and U.S. per share of KCS preferred stock for a total of approximately billion (U.S. billion). Share consideration, cash consideration, and the above described payments to KCS totalled approximately billion (U.S. billion). The cash consideration paid was financed by issuances of long-term debt of approximately billion and billion (U.S. billion) on November 24, 2021 and December 2, 2021, respectively (see Note 15). 
 
 The Company accounts for its investment in KCS using the equity method of accounting while the STB considers the Company's application to control KCS. The investment in KCS of million as at December 31, 2022, included million of equity earnings of KCS and foreign currency translation of million offset by dividends of million received in the year ended December 31, 2022. Included within the million of equity earnings of KCS recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, was amortization (net of tax) of million of basis differences (see Note 11). These basis differences relate to depreciable property, plant and equipment, intangible assets with definite lives, and long-term debt, and are amortized over the related assets' remaining useful lives, and the remaining terms to maturity of the debt instruments. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred million in acquisition-related costs, recorded within "Purchased services and other" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Acquisition-related costs of million, incurred by KCS during the year ended December 31, 2022, are included within "Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Equity earnings of KCS recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, also included KCS's gain on the unwinding of interest rate hedges of million, which was net of CP's associated purchase accounting basis differences and tax. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021 , the Company incurred million in acquisition-related costs associated with the KCS acquisition, of which million were recorded within "Purchased services and other"and million were recorded within "Other expense (income)" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Acquisition-related costs of million, incurred by KCS during the 18 days from the date the acquisition closed into the voting trust, are included within "Equity (earnings) loss of Kansas City Southern" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. The acquisition-related costs recorded within "Other expense (income)" include the changes in fair value and realized gain from settlement of the FX forward contracts, changes in fair value and realized loss of the bond locks and forward starting floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps associated with the debt issuances (see Note 15), amortization of financing fees associated with the credit facilities (see Note 15), and FX gains on U.S. dollar-denominated cash on hand from the issuances of long-term debt to fund the KCS acquisition. Total financing fees paid for a bridge facility associated with the KCS acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2021 were million , presented under "Cash (used in) provided by financing activities" in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 DRTP 
 On December 22, 2020, CP completed its acquisition of the ownership of the Detroit River Tunnel Partnership DRTP held by OMERS Infrastructure Management Inc. OMERS for cash, net of cash acquired, of million. The purchase price was subject to customary closing adjustments, including any final adjustment for closing working capital and certain closing costs. With this acquisition CP obtained ownership of DRTP. The acquisition of DRTP will reduce CP s operating costs related to movements through the tunnel which amounted to approximately million in 2020, and better integrate the eastern part of the network. DRTP owns a -mile rail tunnel linking Windsor, Ontario, and Detroit, Michigan and additional, separate lands in both cities. The acquisition was funded with cash from operations and CP's commercial paper program. 
 
 The acquisition of DRTP was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. The acquired assets and assumed liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The fair values were estimated by applying an income approach using the discounted cash flow method of future cash flows, appraised land values reflecting a corridor enhancement factor where appropriate, and depreciated replacement cost for depreciable assets including the tunnel, track, signaling systems, and other railway related infrastructure assets. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 88 

interest in DRTP, which was accounted for as an equity method investment. The previously held equity investment was remeasured to fair value which was determined from the negotiated purchase price that reflected a market value established in a competitive bid process. As a result of the acquisition, in 2020, the Company recognized a before-tax gain of million on the remeasurement to fair value of its equity interest within "Purchased services and other", calculated as the difference between the fair value of CP's interest in DRTP of million and the book value of the interest of million. 
 
 Properties Intangible assets (Note 13) 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred taxes ) Total identifiable assets and liabilities Goodwill (Note 13) 
 Consideration: Cash, net of cash acquired Fair value of previously held equity method investment Total consideration 
 
 The goodwill of million relates primarily to the contract that DRTP has for CP s use of the tunnel and deferred taxes recognized as a result of the purchase price allocation. The goodwill recognized is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Prior to the acquisition of DRTP, CP had pre-existing agreements to use the tunnel and to operate and manage the tunnel on behalf of DRTP. On acquisition, no gain or loss was recognized in respect of the effective settlement of these pre-existing relationships as they were determined to be at fair market value based on an assessment of current market conditions and market participants. 
 
 Acquired cash and cash equivalents of million is presented as a reduction of cash used in investing activities in the Company's 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 CP has not provided pro forma information relating to the pre-acquisition period as it is not material. 

11. 
 of the outstanding KCS common stock into a voting trust. The Company recorded its investment in KCS at its acquisition cost under the equity method of accounting pending approval from the STB of the Company's application for control of KCS. 
 
 The investment carrying cost of million reported on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets as at December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 - million) reflects the total of the consideration paid to acquire KCS, the offsetting asset recorded on recognition of a deferred tax liability computed on an outside basis (see Note 5), the subsequent recognition of equity income recorded in Equity (earnings) loss of KCS and Other Comprehensive Income of KCS, the receipt of dividends from KCS, and foreign currency translation based on the year-end exchange rate. 
 
 The approximate billion difference in value between the consideration paid to acquire KCS and the underlying carrying value of the net assets of KCS as at December 14, 2021 , immediately prior to the acquisition by the Company, is the basis difference. The Company has estimated the fair value of KCS and its underlying net assets for the purposes of amortizing the basis difference, as required by the equity method of accounting. The fair value of KCS's underlying net assets, including property, plant and equipment, identifiable intangible assets, and other assets and liabilities, have been estimated on a preliminary basis and may be subject to change as additional information becomes available. 
 
 The basis differences that relate to depreciable property, plant and equipment, intangible assets with definite lives, and long-term debt are amortized over the related assets' remaining useful lives, and the remaining terms to maturity of the debt instruments. The basis difference that related to interest rate 

89 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Less: Other (2) 
 ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) 
 (1) Amounts translated at the average FX rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 1.00 USD = 1.30 CAD and for the period from December 14 to 31, 2021 of 1.00 USD = 1.28 CAD. 
 (2) Includes Equity in net earnings of KCS's affiliates, Interest expense, FX loss, Gain on settlement of treasury lock agreements, and Other income, net. 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 
 (in millions of Canadian dollars) (1) 
 As at December 31, 2022 As at December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Properties Other non-current assets Liabilities Current liabilities Long-term debt Other non-current liabilities Non-controlling interest 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 90 

12. 
 
 Buildings Rolling stock Other (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 
 
 Finance leases included in properties 
 
 2022 2021 (in millions of Canadian dollars) Cost Accumulated depreciation Net book value Cost Accumulated depreciation Net book value Rolling stock Other Total assets held under finance lease 
 
 Government assistance 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received million of government assistance towards the purchase and construction of properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total Properties balance of million is net of million of unamortized government assistance, primarily related to the enhancement of the Company's track and roadway infrastructure. Amortization expense related to government assistance for the year ended December 31, 2022, was million. 

13. 
 
 ) Additions (Note 9) 
 Amortization ) ) ) Foreign exchange impact ) ) Balance as at December 31, 2021 ) Amortization ) ) ) Foreign exchange impact Balance as at December 31, 2022 ) 

91 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 14. 
 
 Accrued charges Income and other taxes payable Dividends payable Accrued interest Stock-based compensation liabilities Payroll-related accruals Operating lease liabilities (Note 18) 
 Accrued vacation Personal injury and other claims provision Other (1) 
 Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 (1) 2021 comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 

15. 
 -year Medium Term Notes 
 (A) Jan 2022 CDN -year Notes 
 (A) Jan 2022 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Mar 2023 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Nov 2023 CDN -year Notes 
 (A) Dec 2024 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Feb 2025 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Feb 2026 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Dec 2026 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Feb 2028 CDN -year Notes 
 (A) Jun 2028 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Mar 2029 CDN -year Notes 
 (A) Mar 2030 U.S. -year Debentures 
 (A) Oct 2031 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Dec 2031 U.S. -year Debentures 
 (A) Mar 2033 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Sep 2035 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) May 2037 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Nov 2039 CDN -year Notes 
 (A) Dec 2041 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Jan 2042 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Aug 2045 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Mar 2050 CDN 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 92 

-year Notes 
 (A) Dec 2051 U.S. -year Notes 
 (A) Sep 2115 U.S. Senior Secured Notes (B) Mar 2024 U.S. Secured Equipment Notes (C) Oct 2024 CDN Obligations under finance leases Various (D) Various CDN /U.S. (D) Mar 2022 U.S. (D) Dec 2026 U.S. (D) Jan 2031 CDN (D) Feb 2041 U.S. Commercial Paper Dec 2022 U.S. Term Credit Facility Sep 2022 U.S. Demand Promissory Note CDN Perpetual Consolidated Debenture Stock 
 (E) U.S. Perpetual Consolidated Debenture Stock 
 (E) G.B. Unamortized fees on long-term debt ) ) Less: Long-term debt maturing within one year 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the gross amount of long-term debt denominated in U.S. dollars was U.S. million (December 31, 2021 U.S. million). 
 
 Annual maturities and principal repayment requirements, excluding those pertaining to finance leases, for each of the five years following 2022 are (in millions): 2023 ; 2024 ; 2025 ; 2026 ; 2027 ; thereafter . 
 
 Fees on long-term debt are amortized to income over the term of the related debt. 
 
 A. These debentures and notes are presented net of unamortized discounts, pay interest semi-annually, and are unsecured but carry a negative pledge. 
 
 In 2022, the Company repaid at maturity million -year Medium Term Notes, U.S. million million) -year Notes, and a U.S. million million) finance lease. 
 
 billion to fund the cash consideration component of the KCS acquisition: 
 
 Date Issued Description of Securities Maturity Net Proceeds November 24, 2021 billion Notes 
 Nov 2023 billion 
 billion Notes 
 Feb 2028 billion 
 December 2, 2021 U.S. billion Notes 
 Dec 2024 billion (U.S. billion) 
 U.S. billion Notes 
 Dec 2026 billion (U.S. billion) 
 U.S. billion Notes 
 Dec 2031 billion (U.S. billion) 
 U.S. billion Notes 
 Dec 2041 billion (U.S. billion) 
 U.S. billion Notes 
 Dec 2051 billion (U.S. billion) 

93 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 billion Notes and the U.S. billion Notes include a special mandatory redemption provision which provides that if STB final approval of the Company's application to control KCS is not received prior to March 25, 2023 or, if in the Company's judgment, STB final approval will not be sought or received by this date, the Company will be required to redeem all of such outstanding notes at a price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the applicable notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 In conjunction with the above debt issuances, the Company cash settled a notional million of interest rate bond locks and a notional U.S. billion of forward starting floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreements ("forward starting swaps") for a payment of million during 2021. This payment was included in cash provided by operating activities consistent with the location of the related hedged item on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 In 2021, the Company also repaid U.S. million debentures at maturity for a total of U.S. million million). 
 
 B. The senior secured notes are collateralized by specific locomotive units with a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022. The Company pays equal blended semi-annual payments of principal and interest. Final repayment of the remaining principal of U.S. million is due in March 2024. 
 
 C. The secured equipment notes are full recourse obligations of the Company collateralized by a first charge on specific locomotive units with a carrying value of million as at December 31, 2022. The Company pays equal blended semi-annual payments of principal and interest. Final repayment of the remaining principal of million is due in October 2024. 
 
 D. The carrying value of the assets collateralizing finance lease obligations was million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 E. The Consolidated Debenture Stock, authorized by an Act of Parliament of 1889 , constitutes a first charge upon and over the whole of the undertaking, railways, works, rolling stock, plant, property and effects of the Company, with certain exceptions. 
 
 Credit facility 
 The Company has a revolving credit facility (the facility agreement with 14 highly rated financial institutions for a commitment amount of U.S. billion. The facility can accommodate draws of cash and/or letters of credit at market competitive pricing. Effective September 24, 2021, the Company extended the maturity dates of the U.S. billion tranche to September 27, 2026 and the U.S. million tranche to September 27, 2023. During 2021, the Company amended the financial covenant within the facility agreement to provide flexibility upon closing of the KCS acquisition. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with all terms and conditions of the credit facility arrangements and satisfied the financial covenant. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the facility was undrawn. 
 
 In 2021, the Company entered into a U.S. million unsecured non-revolving term credit facility (the "term facility") with an initial due date of March 15, 2022. Effective March 14, 2022, the Company extended the maturity date of the U.S. million term facility to September 15, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid in full the outstanding borrowings of U.S. million million) on the term facility. The facility was automatically terminated on September 15, 2022 following the final principal repayment. 
 
 The Company also has a commercial paper program, which enables it to issue commercial paper up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of U.S . billion in the form of unsecured promissory notes. This commercial paper program is backed by the revolving credit facility. As at December 31, 2022, the Company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding (December 31, 2021 million). 
 
 The Company has bilateral letter of credit facilities with six highly rated financial institutions to support its requirement to post letters of credit in the ordinary course of business. Under these agreements, the Company has the option to post collateral in the form of cash or cash equivalents, equal at least to the face value of the letter of credit issued. These agreements permit the Company to withdraw amounts posted as collateral at any time; therefore, the amounts posted as collateral are presented as Cash and cash equivalents on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any collateral posted on its bilateral letter of credit facilities but had letters of credit drawn of million (December 31, 2021 million) from a total available amount of million . 

16. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 94 

million as at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 - million), had a fair value of million (December 31, 2021 - million). 
 
 B. Financial risk management 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 Derivative financial instruments may be used to selectively reduce volatility associated with fluctuations in interest rates, FX rates, the price of fuel, and stock-based compensation expense. Where derivatives are designated as hedging instruments, the relationship between the hedging instruments and their associated hedged items is documented, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for the use of the hedging instruments. This documentation includes linking the derivatives that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets or liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, commitments, or forecasted transactions. At the time a derivative contract is entered into and at least quarterly thereafter, an assessment is made as to whether the derivative item is effective in offsetting the changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged items. The derivative qualifies for hedge accounting treatment if it is effective in substantially mitigating the risk it was designed to address. 
 
 It is not the Company s intent to use financial derivatives or commodity instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Credit risk management 
 Credit risk refers to the possibility that a customer or counterparty will fail to fulfil its obligations under a contract and as a result create a financial loss for the Company. 
 
 The railway industry predominantly serves financially established customers, and the Company has experienced limited financial losses with respect to credit risk. The credit worthiness of customers is assessed using credit scores supplied by a third party and through direct monitoring of their financial well-being on a continual basis. The Company establishes guidelines for customer credit limits and should thresholds in these areas be reached, appropriate precautions are taken to improve collectability. 
 
 Counterparties to financial instruments expose the Company to credit losses in the event of non-performance. Counterparties for derivative and cash transactions are limited to high credit quality financial institutions, which are monitored on an ongoing basis. Counterparty credit assessments are based on the financial health of the institutions and their credit ratings from external agencies. The Company does not anticipate non-performance that would materially impact the Company s Consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Company believes there are no significant concentrations of credit risk. 
 
 FX management 
 The Company conducts business transactions and owns assets in both Canada and the United States. As a result, the Company is exposed to fluctuations in the value of financial commitments, assets, liabilities, income, or cash flows due to changes in FX rates. The Company may enter into FX risk management transactions primarily to manage fluctuations in the exchange rate between Canadian and U.S. currencies. FX exposure is primarily mitigated through natural offsets created by revenues, expenditures, and balance sheet positions incurred in the same currency. Where appropriate, the Company may negotiate with customers and suppliers to reduce the net exposure. 
 
 Net investment hedge 
 The FX gains and losses on long-term debt are mainly unrealized and can only be realized when U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt matures or is settled. The Company also has long-term FX exposure on its investment in foreign subsidiaries with a U.S. dollar functional currency. The majority of the Company s U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt has been designated as a hedge of the net investment in these foreign subsidiaries. This designation has the effect of mitigating volatility on Net income by offsetting long-term FX gains and losses on U.S. dollar-denominated long-term debt and gains and losses on its net investment. The effect of the net investment hedge recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss) in 2022 was an FX loss of million , the majority of which was unrealized (2021 unrealized gain of million; 2020 unrealized gain of million (see Note 7). 

95 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 billion to fix the FX rate and lock-in a portion of the amount of Canadian dollars it could have borrowed to finance the U.S. dollar-denominated cash portion of the total consideration payable pursuant to the Original Merger Agreement with KCS. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company settled the FX forward contracts and did not have any such contracts remaining as at December 31, 2021. The realized gain from settlement of the FX forward contracts was million and was recorded in "Other expense (income)" on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income (2022 - ). 
 
 Interest rate management 
 The Company is exposed to interest rate risk, which is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will vary as a result of changes in market interest rates. In order to manage funding needs or capital structure goals, the Company enters into debt or finance lease agreements that are subject to either fixed market interest rates set at the time of issue or floating rates determined by ongoing market conditions. Debt subject to variable interest rates exposes the Company to variability in interest expense, while debt subject to fixed interest rates exposes the Company to variability in the fair value of debt. 
 
 To manage interest rate exposure, the Company accesses diverse sources of financing and manages borrowings in line with a targeted range of capital structure, debt ratings, liquidity needs, maturity schedule, and currency and interest rate profiles. In anticipation of future debt issuances, the Company may enter into forward rate agreements that are designated as cash flow hedges, to substantially lock in all or a portion of the effective future interest expense. The Company may also enter into swap and lock agreements, designated as fair value hedges, to manage the mix of fixed and floating rate debt. 
 
 Forward starting swaps 
 In the first half of 2021 , the Company entered into forward starting swaps with terms of up to years, totalling a notional U.S. billion to fix the benchmark rate on cash flows associated with highly probable forecasted issuances of long-term notes. 
 
 On May 21, 2021, the Original Merger Agreement with KCS was terminated which resulted in the Company ceasing hedge accounting for the U.S. billion of forward starting swaps. However, as the note issuances were still reasonably possible to occur, fair value losses of million prior to this determination remained in Accumulated other comprehensive loss , net of tax. Fair value losses of million during the period from May 21, 2021 through to the roll and re-designation described below were recorded within Other expense (income)" on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Following CP entering into the Merger Agreement with KCS, the Company rolled the notional U.S. billion of forward starting swaps but did not effect a cash settlement. Concurrently, the Company re-designated the forward starting swaps totalling U.S. billion to fix the benchmark rate on cash flows associated with highly probable forecasted issuances of long-term notes. The changes in fair value on the forward starting swaps were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss , net of tax, as cash flow hedges until the notes were issued. Fair value gains subsequent to re-designation of million were recorded within Other comprehensive income on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021 , the Company cash settled all outstanding forward starting swaps related to debt issuances that occurred in the same period. The fair value of these derivative instruments at the time of settlement was a loss of million. The related million gain within "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" will be reclassified to "Net interest expense" ratably over the duration of the notes' hedged interest payments. 
 
 Bond locks 
 In the first quarter of 2021 , the Company entered into seven -year interest rate bond locks totalling a notional million to fix the benchmark rate on cash flows associated with a highly probable forecasted issuance of long-term notes. 
 
 On May 21, 2021, the Original Merger Agreement with KCS was terminated which resulted in the Company ceasing hedge accounting for the million of bond locks. However, as the note issuances were still reasonably possible to occur, fair value losses of million prior to this determination remained in Accumulated other comprehensive loss , net of tax. Fair value losses of million during the period from May 21, 2021 through to the roll and re-designation described below were recorded within Other expense (income)" on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Following CP entering into the Merger Agreement with KCS, the Company rolled the notional million of bond locks but did not effect a cash settlement. Concurrently, the Company re-designated the bond locks totalling million to fix the benchmark rate on cash flows associated with highly probable forecasted issuances of long-term notes. The changes in fair value on the bond locks are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss , net of tax, as cash flow hedges until the notes were issued. Fair value gains subsequent to re-designation of million were recorded within Other comprehensive income on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 96 

million. The related million gain within "Accumulated other comprehensive loss" will be reclassified to "Net interest expense" ratably over the duration of the notes' hedged interest payments. 
 
 Designated hedges that were previously settled were amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" to "Net interest expense" for a total of million in the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021 - million; 2020 - million). The Company expects that during the next 12 months, million of net losses will be reclassified to Net interest expense . 

17. 
 Stock-based compensation liabilities, net of current portion Provision for environmental remediation, net of current portion (1) 
 Deferred revenue, net of current portion (Note 3) 
 Deferred lease and license revenue, net of current portion (2) 
 Other, net of current portion Total other long-term liabilities 
 (1) As at December 31, 2022, the aggregate provision for environmental remediation, including the current portion was 83 million (2021 79 million ). 
 (2) The deferred lease and license revenue is being amortized to income on a straight-line basis over the related lease terms. Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. 
 
 Environmental remediation accruals 
 Environmental remediation accruals cover site-specific remediation programs. The estimate of the probable costs to be incurred in the remediation of properties contaminated by past activities reflects the nature of contamination at individual sites according to typical activities and scale of operations conducted. T he Company has developed remediation strategies for each property based on the nature and extent of the contamination, as well as the location of the property and surrounding areas that may be adversely affected by the presence of contaminants, considering available technologies, treatment and disposal facilities and the acceptability of site-specific plans based on the local regulatory environment. Site-specific plans range from containment and risk management of the contaminants through to the removal and treatment of the contaminants and affected soils and groundwater. The details of the estimates reflect the environmental liability at each property. Provisions for environmental remediation costs are recorded in Other long-term liabilities , except for the current portion which is recorded in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (see Note 14). Payments are expected to be made over years to 2032. 
 
 million (2021 million; 2020 million) . 

18. 
 to years, some include options to extend up to an additional years, and some include options to terminate within . 
 
 Residual value guarantees are provided on certain vehicle operating leases. Cumulatively, these guarantees are limited to million and are not included in lease liabilities as it is not currently probable that any amounts will be owed. 

97 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Finance Lease Cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total lease costs 
 
 Finance Properties, net book value Liabilities Current Operating Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Finance Long-term debt maturing within one year Long-term Operating Other long-term liabilities Finance Long-term debt 
 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 98 

Operating cash outflows from finance leases Financing cash outflows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Imputed interest ) ) Present value of lease payments 

19 . 
 First or Second Preferred Shares had been issued. 
 
 Common Shares repurchased ) Shares issued under stock option plan Shares issued for KCS acquisition (Note 10) 
 Share capital, December 31 
 
 The change in the Share capital balance includes million of stock-based compensation transferred from Additional paid-in capital (2021 million; 2020 million). 

99 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 million Common Shares in the open market for cancellation on or before January 28, 2022. The Company did not purchase any Common Shares under this NCIB. 
 
 On December 17, 2019, the Company announced a NCIB, commencing December 20, 2019, to purchase up to million Common Shares in the open market for cancellation on or before December 19, 2020. Upon expiry of this NCIB, the Company had purchased million Common Shares for million. 
 
 Weighted-average price per share (2) 
 Amount of repurchase (in millions) (2) 
 
 (1) Includes shares repurchased but not yet cancelled at year end. 

20. ) Materials and supplies ) ) ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Change in non-cash working capital balances related to operations ) ) ) 

21. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 100 

average of market values for the plans public equity and absolute return investments (with each prior year s market value adjusted to the current date for assumed investment income during the intervening period) plus the market value of the plans fixed income, real estate, infrastructure, and private debt securities. 
 
 The benefit obligation is discounted using a discount rate that is a blended yield to maturity for a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with cash flows matching projected benefit payments. The discount rate is determined by management. 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
 Other components of net periodic benefit (recovery) cost: Interest cost on benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of prior service costs (recoveries) ) Total other components of net periodic benefit (recovery) cost ) ) ) Net periodic benefit (recovery) cost ) ) ) 
 
 Projected benefit obligation, plan assets, and funded status 
 Current service cost Interest cost Employee contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency changes Plan amendments and other Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation at December 31 
 
 The net actuarial gains for Pensions and Other benefits in 2022 and 2021 were primarily due to the increase in discount rate from to and from to , respectively. 

101 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Foreign currency changes Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status plan surplus (deficit) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status ) ) 
 
 The DB pension plans accumulated benefit obligation as at December 31, 2022 was million (2021 million). The accumulated benefit obligation is calculated on a basis similar to the projected benefit obligation, except no future salary increases are assumed in the projection of future benefits. For pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of fair value of plan assets (i.e. deficit), the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation as at December 31, 2022 was million (2021 million) and the aggregate fair value of plan assets as at December 31, 2022 was million (2021 million). 
 
 All Other benefits plans were in a deficit position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Pension asset and liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) ) Pension and other benefit liabilities ) ) ) ) Total amount recognized ) ) 
 
 The measurement date used to determine the plan assets and the benefit obligation is December 31. The most recent actuarial valuation for pension funding purposes for the Company s main Canadian pension plan was performed as at January 1, 2022. During 2023, the Company expects to file with the pension regulator a new valuation performed as at January 1, 2023. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 102 
 
 ) ) Deferred investment (losses) gains ) Prior service cost ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax ) Total (Note 7) 
 ) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial assumptions 
 Projected future salary increases Health care cost trend rate (1) 
 Benefit cost for year ended December 31: Discount rate Expected rate of return on plan assets (2) 
 Projected future salary increases Health care cost trend rate (1) 
 
 (1) The health care cost trend rate was assumed to be in 2020 and in 2021 and is assumed to be per year in 2022 and thereafter. 
 (2) The expected rate of return on plan assets that will be used to compute the 2023 net periodic benefit recovery is . 
 
 Plan assets 
 Plan assets are recorded at fair value. The major asset categories are public equity securities, fixed income securities, real estate, infrastructure, absolute return investments, and private debt. The fair values of the public equity and fixed income securities are primarily based on quoted market prices. Real estate and infrastructure values are based on the value of each fund s assets as calculated by the fund manager, generally using third party appraisals or discounted cash flow analysis and taking into account current market conditions and recent sales transactions where practical and appropriate. Private debt values are based on the value of each fund s assets as calculated by the fund manager taking into account current market conditions and reviewed annually by external parties. Absolute return investments are a portfolio of units of externally managed hedge funds and are valued by the fund administrators. 

103 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 0 
 Fixed income 
 Public equity 
 Real estate and infrastructure 
 Private debt 
 Absolute return 
 Total 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 104 

Fixed income Government bonds (2) 
 Corporate bonds (2) 
 Mortgages (3) 
 Public equities Canada U.S. and international Real estate (4) 
 Infrastructure (5) 
 Private debt (6) 
 Derivative instruments (7) 
 ) ) Absolute return (8) 
 Funds of hedge funds December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents Fixed income Government bonds (2) 
 Corporate bonds (2) 
 Mortgages (3) 
 Public equities Canada U.S. and international Real estate (4) 
 Infrastructure (5) 
 Private debt (6) 
 Derivative instruments (7) 
 Absolute return (8) 
 Funds of hedge funds Multi-strategy funds 
 (1) Investments measured at net asset value ("NAV"): 
 Amounts are comprised of certain investments measured using NAV (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. These investments have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) Government Corporate Bonds: 
 Fair values for bonds are based on market prices supplied by independent sources as of the last trading day. 

105 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 million is subject to redemption frequencies ranging from monthly to annually and a redemption notice period of 90 days (2021 million). The remaining million is not subject to redemption and is normally returned through distributions as a result of the liquidation of the underlying real estate investments (2021 million). As at December 31, 2022, there are million of unfunded commitments for real estate investments (December 31, 2021 million). 
 (5) Infrastructure: 
 Infrastructure fund values are based on the NAV of the funds that invest directly in infrastructure investments. The values of the investments have been estimated using the capital accounts representing the plans' ownership interest in the funds. Of the total, million is subject to redemption frequencies ranging from monthly to annually and a redemption notice period of 90 days (2021 million). The remaining million is not subject to redemption and is normally returned through distributions as a result of the liquidation of the underlying infrastructure investments (2021 million). As at December 31, 2022, there are million of unfunded commitments for infrastructure investments (December 31, 2021 million). 
 (6) Private debt: 
 Private debt fund values are based on the NAV of the funds that invest directly in private debt investments. The values of the investments have been estimated using the capital accounts representing the plans' ownership interest in the funds. Of the total, million is subject to redemption frequencies ranging from monthly to annually and a redemption notice period of 90 days (2021 million). The remaining million is not subject to redemption and is normally returned through distributions as a result of the repayment of the underlying loans (2021 - million). As at December 31, 2022, there are million of unfunded commitments for private debt investments (December 31, 2021 million). 
 (7) Derivatives: 
 The investment managers may utilize the following derivative instruments: equity futures to replicate equity index returns (Level 2); currency forwards to partially hedge foreign currency exposures (Level 2); bond forwards to reduce asset/liability interest rate risk exposures (Level 2); interest rate swaps to manage duration and interest rate risk (Level 2); credit default swaps to manage credit risk (Level 2); and options to manage interest rate risk and volatility (Level 2). The Company may utilize derivatives directly, but only for the purpose of hedging foreign currency exposures. As at December 31, 2022, there are currency forwards with a notional value of (December 31, 2021 and a fair value of nil (December 31, 2021 million). The fixed income investment manager utilizes a portfolio of bond forwards for the purpose of reducing asset/liability interest rate exposure. As at December 31, 2022, there are bond forwards with a notional value of million December 31, 2021 million) and a fair value of ) million (December 31, 2021 million). 
 (8) Absolute return: 
 The value of absolute return fund investments is based on the NAV reported by the fund administrators. The funds have different redemption policies with redemption notice periods varying from 30 to 120 days and frequencies ranging from monthly to triennially. 
 
 Additional plan assets information 
 The Company's primary investment objective for pension plan assets is to achieve a long term return, net of all fees and expenses, that is sufficient for the plan's assets to satisfy the current and future obligations to plan beneficiaries, while minimizing the financial impact on the Company. In identifying the asset allocation ranges, consideration was given to the long-term nature of the underlying plan liabilities, the solvency and going-concern financial position of the plan, long-term return expectations, and the risks associated with key asset classes as well as the relationships of returns on key asset classes with each other, inflation, and interest rates. When advantageous and with due consideration, derivative instruments may be utilized by investment managers, provided the total value of the underlying assets represented by financial derivatives (excluding currency forwards, liability hedging derivatives in fixed income portfolios, and derivatives held by absolute return funds) is limited to of the market value of the fund. 
 
 The funded status of the plans is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, which affects the relative values of the plans' liabilities and assets. In order to mitigate interest rate risk, the Company's main Canadian defined benefit pension plan utilizes a liability driven investment strategy in its fixed income portfolio, which uses a combination of long duration bonds and derivatives to hedge interest rate risk, managed by the investment manager. As at December 31, 2022, the plan's solvency funded position was hedged against interest rate risk (2021 ). 
 
 When investing in foreign securities, the plans are exposed to foreign currency risk; the effect of which is included in the valuation of the foreign securities. At December 31, 2022, the plans were exposed to the U.S. dollar, exposed to the Euro, and exposed to various other currencies. At December 31, 2021, the plans were exposed to the U.S. dollar, exposed to the Euro, and exposed to various other currencies. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, plan assets included of the Common Shares of the Company (2021 at a market value of million (2021 million) and Fixed Income securities of the Company at a market value of million (2021 million). 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 106 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 The benefit payments from the Canadian registered and U.S. qualified DB pension plans are payable from their respective pension funds. Benefit payments from the supplemental pension plan and from the other benefits plans are payable directly by the Company. 
 
 Defined contribution plan 
 Canadian non-unionized employees hired prior to July 1, 2010 had the option to participate in the Canadian DC plan. All Canadian non-unionized employees hired after such date must participate in this plan. Employee contributions are based on a percentage of salary. The Company matches employee contributions to a maximum percentage each year. 
 
 Effective July 1, 2010, a new U.S. DC plan was established. All U.S. non-unionized employees hired after such date must participate in this plan. Employees do not contribute to the plan. The Company annually contributes a percentage of salary. 
 
 The DC plans provide a pension based on total employee and employer contributions plus investment income earned on those contributions. 
 
 In 2022, the net cost of the DC plans, which generally equals the employer s required contribution, was million (2021 million; 2020 million). 
 
 Contributions to multi-employer plans 
 Some of the Company s unionized employees in the U.S. are members of a U.S. national multi-employer benefit plan. Contributions made by the Company to this plan in 2022 in respect of post-retirement medical benefits were million (2021 million; 2020 million). 

22. 
 million in 2022 (2021 million; 2020 million) and the total tax benefit related to these plans was million in 2022 (2021 million; 2020 million). 

107 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Granted Exercised ) N/A N/A Vested N/A N/A ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 (1) 
 N/A N/A Exercisable, December 31, 2022 N/A N/A 
 (1) As at December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining term of vested or expected to vest options was years with an aggregate intrinsic value of million . 
 
 . 
 
 Options outstanding Options exercisable Range of exercise prices Number of options Weighted-average years to expiration Weighted-average exercise price Aggregate intrinsic value (millions) Number of options Weighted-average exercise price Aggregate intrinsic value (millions) - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Total (1) 
 
 (1) As at December 31, 2022, the total number of in-the-money stock options outstanding was with a weighted-average exercise price of . The weighted-average years to expiration of exercisable stock options is years. 
 
 Pursuant to the employee plan, options may be exercised upon vesting, which is between months and months after the grant date, and will expire after . Under the fair value method, the fair value of the stock options at grant date was approximately million for options issued in 2022 (2021 million; 2020 million). 
 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 Expected stock price volatility (3) 
 Expected annual dividends per share (4) 
 Expected forfeiture rate (5) 
 Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the year 
 (1) Represents the period of time that awards are expected to be outstanding. Historical data on exercise behaviour or, when available, specific expectations regarding future exercise behaviour were used to estimate the expected life of the option. 
 (2) Based on the implied yield available on zero-coupon government issues with an equivalent term commensurate with the expected term of the option. 
 (3) Based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock price over a period commensurate with the expected term of the option. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 108 

In 2022, the expense for stock options (regular and performance) was million (2021 million; 2020 million). At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 The total fair value of shares vested for the stock option plan during 2022 was million (2021 million; 2020 million). 
 
 Cash received by the Company upon exercise of options 
 
 B. Other share-based plans 
 Performance share unit plans 
 During 2022, the Company issued PSUs with a grant date fair value of approximately million and PDSUs with a grant date fair value, including value of expected future matching units, of approximately million. PSUs and PDSUs attract dividend equivalents in the form of additional units based on dividends paid on the Company's Common Shares, and vest approximately after the grant date, contingent upon CP s performance ("performance factor"). The fair value of these PSUs and PDSUs is measured periodically until settlement using closing share price on the date of measurement. The fair value of units that are probable of vesting based on forecasted performance factors over the performance period is recognized as expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Vested PSUs are settled in cash. Vested PDSUs are settled in cash pursuant to the DSU plan and are eligible for a match if the holder has not exceeded their share ownership requirements, and are paid out only when the holder ceases their employment with CP . 
 
 The performance period for PSUs and PDSUs issued in 2022 is January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, and the performance factors are Free Cash Flow ("FCF"), Adjusted net debt to Adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") Modifier, Total Shareholder Return ("TSR") compared to the S P/TSX 60 Index, and TSR compared to the S P 500 Industrials Index. 
 
 The performance period for PSUs and PDSUs issued in 2021 is January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2023, and the performance factors for these PSUs are Return on Invested Capital ("ROIC"), TSR compared to the S P/TSX 60 Index, and TSR compared to Class I railways. 
 
 The performance period for PSUs and PDSUs issued in 2020 was January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022, and the performance factors for these PSUs were ROIC, TSR compared to the S P/TSX 60 Index, and TSR compared to Class I Railways. The estimated payout on these awards is on PSUs and PDSUs outstanding (including expected future matching units) representing fair values of million and million respectively as at December 31, 2022, calculated using the Company's average share price of the last trading days preceding December 31, 2022. 
 
 The performance period for PSUs issued in 2019 was January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021, and the performance factors were ROIC, TSR compared to the S P/TSX 60 Index, and TSR compared to Class I Railways. The resulting payout was of the outstanding units multiplied by the Company's average share price calculated using the last trading days preceding December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, payouts occurred on total outstanding awards, including dividends reinvested, totalling million. 
 
 Granted Units in lieu of dividends Settled ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding, December 31 

109 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 million (2021 million; 2020 million). At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation related to these awards which, is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Deferred share unit plan 
 The Company established the DSU plan as a means to compensate and assist in attaining share ownership targets set for certain key employees and Directors. A DSU entitles the holder to receive, upon redemption, a cash payment equivalent to the Company's average share price using the trading days prior to redemption. DSUs vest over various periods of up to months and are only redeemable for a specified period after employment is terminated. 
 
 Senior managers may elect to receive DSUs in lieu of annual bonus cash payments in the bonus deferral program. In addition, senior managers will be granted a company match of DSUs when deferring cash to DSUs to meet ownership targets. The election to receive eligible payments in DSUs is no longer available to a participant when the value of the participant s DSUs is sufficient to meet the Company s stock ownership guidelines. Senior managers have to meet their ownership targets. 
 
 The expense for DSUs is recognized over the vesting period for both the initial subscription price and the change in value between reporting periods. 
 
 Granted Units in lieu of dividends Settled ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding, December 31 
 
 During 2022, the Company granted DSUs with a grant date fair value of approximately million. In 2022, the expense for DSUs was million (2021 million; 2020 million). At December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation related to DSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Summary of share-based liabilities paid 
 DSUs Other Total 
 
 C. Employee share purchase plan 
 The Company has an employee share purchase plan whereby both employee and the Company contributions are used to purchase shares on the open market for employees. The Company s contributions are expensed over the vesting period. Under the plan, the Company matches 1 for every 3 contributed by employees up to a maximum employee contribution of of annual salary. 
 
 (2021 ; 2020 ). In 2022, the Company s contributions totalled million (2021 million; 2020 million) and the related expense was million (2021 million; 2020 million) . 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 110 

23. 
 million. Future minimum lease payments, before tax, of million will be payable over the next eight years. The Company does not guarantee the residual value of the assets to the lessor; however, it must deliver to the lessor the assets in good operating condition, subject to normal wear and tear, at the end of the lease term. 
 
 As the Company s actions and decisions do not significantly affect the variable interest entities performance, and the Company s fixed price purchase option is not considered to be potentially significant to the variable interest entities, the Company is not considered to be the primary beneficiary, and does not consolidate these variable interest entities. 
 
 Additionally, as further discussed in Note 10, as at December 31, 2022, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company is the sole beneficiary of an independent voting trust that holds of the equity interest in KCS. The trust is governed by a single trustee who is responsible to act in the interest of the Company as the beneficial owner of the shares of KCS. As a result of KCS's equity being held in trust, the Company's interest in KCS does not have the attributes of a typical equity holder as the Company has no power to direct KCS s activities during the trust period and therefore the trust is considered to be a variable interest entity that the Company cannot consolidate. 
 
 The risks associated with the Company's investment in KCS include normal corporate and business risks associated with railroad operations. During the trust period, KCS is subject to contractual restrictions related to acquiring assets, entering into material contracts, or making certain additional capital expenditures that could have a negative impact on their operations. The Company's investment in KCS is also subject to the risk that the STB will not approve the Company s application to control KCS by December 31, 2023, or by a final and non-appealable order, refuse to provide final approval in which cases the Company would be required to dispose of its investment in KCS. Similarly, if the STB imposes onerous conditions on its final approval, the Company may choose to dispose of its initial investment in KCS rather than agreeing to the conditions imposed by the STB. The Company may not be able to sell its investment at a price that recovers its initial investment and may incur a loss up to the full carrying value of its investment in KCS, in addition to incurring significant expenses in connection to such transaction. All of these risks can impact the overall value of the Company s investment in KCS. 

24. 
 million and operating expenditures relating to supplier purchase obligations, such as bulk fuel purchase agreements, locomotive maintenance and overhaul agreements, as well as agreements to purchase other goods and services amounting to approximately billion for the years 2023 2035. 
 
 Commitments related to leases, including minimum annual payments for the next five years and thereafter, are included in Note 18. 
 
 Legal proceedings related to Lac-M gantic rail accident 
 On July 6, 2013, a train carrying petroleum crude oil operated by Montr al Maine and Atlantic Railway MMAR or a subsidiary, Montr al Maine Atlantic Canada Co. MMAC and collectively the MMA Group ), derailed in Lac-M gantic, Qu bec. The derailment occurred on a section of railway owned and operated by the MMA Group and while the MMA Group exclusively controlled the train. 

111 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 million amongst those claiming derailment damages. 
 
 A number of legal proceedings, set out below, were commenced in Canada and the U.S. against the Company and others: 
 
 (1) Qu bec's Minister of Sustainable Development, Environment, Wildlife and Parks ordered various parties, including the Company, to remediate the derailment site (the "Cleanup Order") and served the Company with a Notice of Claim for million for those costs. The Company appealed the Cleanup Order and contested the Notice of Claim with the Administrative Tribunal of Qu bec. These proceedings are stayed pending determination of the Attorney General of Qu bec AGQ action (paragraph 2 below). 
 
 (2) The AGQ sued the Company in the Qu bec Superior Court claiming million in damages, which was amended and reduced to million (the AGQ Action ). The AGQ Action alleges that: (i) the Company was responsible for the petroleum crude oil from its point of origin until its delivery to Irving Oil Ltd.; and (ii) the Company is vicariously liable for the acts and omissions of the MMA Group. 
 
 (3) A class action in the Qu bec Superior Court on behalf of persons and entities residing in, owning or leasing property in, operating a business in, or physically present in Lac-M gantic at the time of the derailment was certified against the Company on May 8, 2015 (the "Class Action"). Other defendants including MMAC and Mr. Thomas Harding ("Harding") were added to the Class Action on January 25, 2017. On November 28, 2019, the plaintiffs' motion to discontinue their action against Harding was granted. The Class Action seeks unquantified damages, including for wrongful death, personal injury, property damage, and economic loss. 
 
 (4) subrogated insurers sued the Company in the Qu bec Superior Court claiming approximately million in damages, which was amended and reduced to approximately million (the Promutuel Action ), and additional subrogated insurers sued the Company claiming approximately million in damages (the Royal Action ). Both actions contain similar allegations as the AGQ Action. The actions do not identify the subrogated parties. As such, the extent of any overlap between the damages claimed in these actions and under the Plans is unclear. The Royal Action is stayed pending determination of the consolidated proceedings described below. 
 
 On December 11, 2017, the AGQ Action, the Class Action and the Promutuel Action were consolidated. The joint liability trial of these consolidated claims commenced on September 21, 2021, with oral arguments ending on June 15, 2022. The Qu bec Superior Court issued a decision on December 14, 2022 dismissing all claims as against the Company, finding that the Company s actions were not the direct and immediate cause of the accident and the damages suffered by the plaintiffs. All three plaintiffs filed a declaration of appeal on January 13, 2023. A damages trial will follow after the disposition of all appeals, if necessary. 
 
 (5) plaintiffs (all individual claims joined in one action) sued the Company, MMAC, and Harding in the Qu bec Superior Court claiming approximately million in damages for economic loss and pain and suffering, and asserting similar allegations as in the Class Action and the AGQ Action. The majority of the plaintiffs opted-out of the Class Action and all but two are also plaintiffs in litigation against the Company, described in paragraph 7 below. This action is stayed pending determination of the consolidated claims described above. 
 
 (6) The MMAR U.S. bankruptcy estate representative commenced an action against the Company in November 2014 in the Maine Bankruptcy Court claiming that the Company failed to abide by certain regulations and seeking approximately U.S. million in damages for MMAR s loss in business value according to a recent expert report filed by the bankruptcy estate. This action asserts that the Company knew or ought to have known that the shipper misclassified the petroleum crude oil and therefore should have refused to transport it. Summary judgment motion was argued and taken under advisement on June 9, 2022, and decision is pending. In the meantime, the Company has filed a motion for leave to file additional arguments on the effect of the decision of the Qu bec Superior Court in the consolidated claims and motion is set to be heard on February 28, 2023. 
 
 (7) The class and mass tort action commenced against the Company in June 2015 in Texas (on behalf of Lac-M gantic residents and wrongful death representatives) and the wrongful death and personal injury actions commenced against the Company in June 2015 in Illinois and Maine, were all transferred and consolidated in Federal District Court in Maine (the Maine Actions ). The Maine Actions allege that the Company negligently misclassified and improperly packaged the petroleum crude oil. On the Company s motion, the Maine Actions were dismissed. The plaintiffs appealed the dismissal decision to the United States First Circuit Court of Appeals, which dismissed the plaintiffs' appeal on June 2, 2021. The plaintiffs further petitioned the United States First Circuit Court of Appeals for a rehearing, which was denied on September 8, 2021. On January 24, 2022, the plaintiffs further appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court on two bankruptcy procedural grounds. On May 31, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court denied the petition, thereby rejecting the plaintiffs' appeal. 
 
 (8) The trustee for the wrongful death trust commenced Carmack Amendment claims against the Company in North Dakota Federal Court, seeking to recover approximately U.S. million for damaged rail cars and lost crude oil and reimbursement for the settlement paid by the consignor and the consignee under the Plans (alleged to be U.S. million and U.S. million, respectively). The Court issued an Order on August 6, 2020 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 112 

million plus interest and costs, and subject to an adjustment to the acquisition value of the property. However, the Court has not provided any indication of how the damages, which are currently estimated to total approximately million before Remington s costs are established, should be apportioned between the Company and Alberta. As a result, at this time, the Company cannot reasonably estimate the amount of damages for which it is liable under the ruling of the Court. The Company has filed an appeal of the Court s decision. 

25. 
 million (2021 million), and are recorded in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities". 
 
 Indemnifications 
 Pursuant to a trust and custodial services agreement with the trustee of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan, the Company has undertaken to indemnify and save harmless the trustee, to the extent not paid by the fund, from any and all taxes, claims, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses arising out of the performance of the trustee s obligations under the agreement, except as a result of misconduct by the trustee. The indemnity includes liabilities, costs, or expenses relating to any legal reporting or notification obligations of the trustee with respect to the defined benefit and defined contribution options of the pension plans, or otherwise with respect to the assets of the pension plans that are not part of the fund. The indemnity survives the termination or expiry of the agreement with respect to claims and liabilities arising prior to the termination or expiry. 
 
 Pursuant to the voting trust agreement executed as part of the KCS acquisition, the Company has undertaken to protect, indemnify and save harmless the trustee from any loss, damages, liability, cost or expense in connection with the independent voting trust (except those resulting from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the trustee), and any cost or expense of any suit or litigation with respect to the trust stock or the voting trust agreement. The Company has also undertaken to pay all costs, damages and expenses of the trustee, where the trustee is made party to or is the subject of any investigation or proceeding by reason of and with respect to the trust stock or voting trust agreement. 
 
 As at December 31, 2022, the Company had not recorded a liability associated with this indemnification as it does not expect to make any payments pertaining to it. 

26. 
 operating segment: rail transportation. Operating results by geographic areas, railway corridors, or other lower-level components or units of operation are not reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision-maker to make decisions about the allocation of resources to, or the assessment of performance of, such geographic areas, corridors, components, or units of operation. 
 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, no one customer comprised more than 10 of total revenues and accounts receivable. 

113 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Long-term assets excluding investment in Kansas City Southern, financial instruments, and pension assets 2021 Revenues Long-term assets excluding investment in Kansas City Southern, financial instruments, and pension assets 2020 Revenues Long-term assets excluding financial instruments and pension assets 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 114 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of and with the participation of the Company's management, including CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act . Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that they file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for the financial statements and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act . The Corporation s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Corporation s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by EY LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm who audited the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K, as stated in their report, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company has not identified any changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

115 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and subsidiaries the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for the one year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 Calgary, Canada 
 February 24, 2023 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 116 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

117 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 PART III 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 118 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors of Registrant 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. This information will also be contained in the management proxy circular that we prepare in accordance with applicable Canadian corporate and securities law requirements. 
 
 Executive Officers of Registrant 
 The information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this annual report under Information about our Executive Officers, following Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. This information will also be contained in the management proxy circular that we prepare in accordance with applicable Canadian corporate and securities law requirements. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. This information will also be contained in the management proxy circular that we prepare in accordance with applicable Canadian corporate and securities law requirements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this Item will be contained in the Company s Form 10-K/A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. This information will also be contained in the management proxy circular that we prepare in accordance with applicable Canadian corporate and securities law requirements. 

119 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 PART IV 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 120 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 
 
 (a) Financial Statements 
 
 The financial statements filed as part of this filing are listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (b) Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 ) ) 2021 ) 2022 ) Environmental liabilities 2020 ) ) 2021 ) ) 2022 ) 

(c) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibits are listed in the exhibit index below. The exhibits include management contracts, compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K by Item 601(10)(iii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Exhibit Description 2 Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation, or Succession: 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 21, 2021, by and among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Cygnus Merger Sub 1 Corporation, Cygnus Merger Sub 2 Corporation and Kansas City Southern (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 15, 2021, by and among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Cygnus Merger Sub 1 Corporation, Cygnus Merger Sub 2 Corporation and Kansas City Southern (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 3 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws: 3.1 
 Restated Certificate and Articles of Incorporation of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2015, File No. 001-01342). 
 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to Restated Certificate and Articles of Incorporation of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 3.3 
 By-law No. 1, as amended, of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2009, File No. 001-01342). 

121 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 3.4 
 By-law No. 2 of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2015, File No. 001-01342). 
 3.5 
 General By-law, as amended, of Canadian Pacific Railway Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2009, File No. 001-01342). 
 4 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures: 4.1 
 Indenture dated as of May 8, 2007 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.2 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2007 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.3 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2010 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.4 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2011 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.5 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 2, 2015 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.6 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2015 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.7 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 24, 2015 among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.8 
 Indenture dated as of October 30, 2001 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.9 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 23, 2004 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.10 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 24, 2015 among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.11 
 Indenture dated as of May 23, 2008 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and Computershare Trust Company of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.12 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 24, 2015 among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Canadian Pacific Railway Company and Computershare Trust Company of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.13 
 Indenture dated as of September 11, 2015, from Canadian Pacific Railway Company to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 14, 2015, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.14 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 11, 2015 between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.15 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 24, 2015 among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Canadian Pacific Railway Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 122 

4.16 
 Guarantee of Canadian Pacific Railway Company s Perpetual 4 Consolidated Debenture Stock dated as of December 18, 2015, between Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and Canadian Pacific Railway Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.17 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 16, 2018 among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Canadian Pacific Railway Company and Wells Fargo Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2018, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.18 
 Officers Certificate of Canadian Pacific Railway Company dated March 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2019, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.19 
 Description of Securities Equity Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2020, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.20 
 Form of 2.050 Note due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2020, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.21 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2020, by and among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as issuer, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 6, 2020, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.22 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2020, by and among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as issuer, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2020, File No. 001-01342). 
 4.23 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 2, 2021, by and among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as issuer, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2021, File No. 001-01342. 
 9 Voting Trust Agreement: 9.1 
 Voting Trust Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, by and among Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Cygnus Holding Corp. and David L. Starling (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 14, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10 Material Contracts: 10.1 
 Compensation letter dated February 14, 2017, between the Company and Nadeem Velani (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2017, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.2 
 Fourth Amending Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2017, amending the Credit Agreement, dated September 26, 2014, between Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 27, 2017, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.3 
 Amendment dated as of January 31, 2017 to the Executive Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2016 and effective as of July 1, 2017 between Keith Creel and Canadian Pacific Railway Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2017, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.4 
 Offer of Employment Letter to Nadeem Velani dated October 18, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.5 
 Executive Employment Agreement, between the Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and Keith Creel effective July 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.6 
 CP 401(k) Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective October 27, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2015, File No. 333-208647). 
 10.7 
 Stand-Alone Option Agreement dated February 4, 2013 between the Registrant and Keith Creel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2013, File No. 333-188827). 

123 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 10.8 
 Performance Share Unit Plan for Eligible Employees of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, adopted with effect from February 17, 2009, as amended February 22, 2013, April 30, 2014 and February 18, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.9 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Amended and Restated Management Stock Option Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective November 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.10 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Employee Share Purchase Plan (U.S.) dated July 1, 2006 ("ESPP (U.S.)"), and Amendment to the ESPP (U.S.) effective January 1, 2015, and Amendment to the ESPP (U.S.) January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.11 
 Directors' Stock Option Plan, effective October 1, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.12 
 Directors' Deferred Share Unit Plan, as amended effective July 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.13 
 Senior Executives' Deferred Share Unit Plan, effective as of January 1, 2001, as amended September 6, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.14 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Employee Share Purchase Plan (Canada) dated July 1, 2006 ("ESPP (Canada)"), and Amendment to the ESPP (Canada) effective January 1, 2013, and Amendment to the ESPP (Canada) effective November 5, 2013, and Amendment to the ESPP (Canada) effective July 17, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.15 
 Canadian Pacific U.S. Salaried Retirement Income Plan, as restated effective January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.16 
 Canadian Pacific U.S. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, effective January 1, 2013 ("CPUSERP"), and First Amendment to the CPUSERP effective November 14, 2013, and Second Amendment to the CPUSERP effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.17 
 Restricted Share Unit Plan for Eligible Employees of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, effective August 2, 2011, as amended February 21, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.18 
 Short Term Incentive Plan for Non-Unionized Employees (Canada) and US Salaried Employees, effective January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.19 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.20 
 Amendment Number 1, effective July 1, 2010, to the Defined Contribution Provisions (Appendix B) of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.21 
 Amendment Number 2, effective April 1, 2011, to the Defined Contribution Provisions (Appendix B) of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.22 
 Amendment Number 3, effective January 1, 2013, to the Defined Contribution Provisions (Appendix B) of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.23 
 Amendment Number 1 to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009, approved by the Board of Directors on December 16, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.24 
 Amendment Number 2, effective January 1, 2010, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Form Annual Report on 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 124 

10.25 
 Amendment Number 3, effective January 1, 2010, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.26 
 Amendment Number 4, effective January 1, 2011, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.27 
 Amendment Number 5, effective January 1, 2011, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.28 
 Amendment Number 6, effective October 1, 2012, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.29 
 Amendment Number 7, effective January 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.30 
 Amendment Number 8, effective January 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.31 
 Amendment Number 9, effective January 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.32 
 Amendment Number 10, effective January 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.33 
 Amendment Number 11, effective January 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.34 
 Amendment Number 12, effective January 1, 2015, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.35 
 Amendment Number 13, effective January 1, 2015, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.36 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Company Secondary Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), effective June 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.37 
 Amendment Number 1, effective June 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Secondary Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), effective June 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.38 
 Amendment Number 2, effective January 1, 2015, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Secondary Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules) effective January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.39 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, consolidated to January 1, 2019. 
 10.40 
 Executive Employment Agreement between Canadian Pacific Railway Company, Soo Line Railroad Company and Keith Creel, effective as of February 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.41 
 Amendment dated August 10, 2015, to the Executive Employment Agreement between Canadian Pacific Railway Company, Soo Line Railroad Company and Keith Creel, effective as of February 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.42 
 Credit Agreement dated as of September 26, 2014 among Canadian Pacific Railway Company and CPR Securities Limited, as borrowers, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as covenantor, the Financial Institutions that are signatories to the Credit Agreement, as Lenders, the Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, RBC Capital Markets, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, TD Securities, Morgan Stanley MUFG Loan Partners, LLC and Citibank, N.A., Canadian Branch, as Co-Lead Arrangers, RBC Capital Markets and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as Joint Bookrunners, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, Morgan Stanley MUFG Loan Partners, LLC and Citibank, N.A., Canadian Branch, as Co-Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 

125 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 10.43 
 First Amending Agreement dated as of June 15, 2015, to the Credit Agreement dated September 26, 2014, among Canadian Pacific Railway Company and CPR Securities Limited, as borrowers, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as covenantor, the signatories to this First Amending Agreement to the Credit Agreement, as Lenders, the Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.44 
 Second Amending Agreement dated as of September 17, 2015, to the Credit Agreement dated September 26, 2014, among Canadian Pacific Railway Company and CPR Securities Limited, as borrowers, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as covenantor, the signatories to the Second Amending Agreement to this Credit Agreement, as Lenders, the Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.45 
 
 Fifth Amending Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, amending the Credit Agreement, dated September 26, 2014, between Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2018, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.46 
 Amendment dated as of January 1, 2019, to the Executive Employment Agreement between Canadian Pacific Railway Company and Keith Creel, dated July 23, 2016 and effective as of July 1, 2017 as amended as of January 31, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2019, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.47 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2019, between Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2019, File No. 001-01342) . 
 10.48 
 Amendment Number 3, effective June 1, 2013, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Secondary Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules), effective June 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.49 
 Amendment Number 14, effective May 1, 2017, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules) consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.50 
 Amendment Number 15, effective January 1, 2019, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules) consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.51 
 Amendment Number 16, effective January 1, 2021, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules) consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.52 
 Offer of Employment Letter to Jeffrey Ellis dated October 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.53 
 Offer of Employment Letter to John Brooks dated March 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.54 
 Offer of Employment Letter to Mark Redd dated August 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.55 
 Stock Option Agreement and Amendment to the Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2021, by and between Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and Keith Creel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.56 
 First Amending Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2021 among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Royal Bank of Canada, a Canadian chartered bank, as administrative agent of the Lenders, and the Consenting Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 21, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.57 
 Second Amending Agreement dated as of September 24, 2021, amending the Credit Agreement, dated September 27, 2019, among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2021, File No. 333-259991). 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 126 

10.58 
 Third Amending Agreement dated as of September 29, 2021, amending the Credit Agreement, dated September 27, 2019, among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2021, File No. 333-259991). 
 10.59 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2021, among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Registration Statement on Form F-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2021, File No. 333-259991). 
 10.60 
 Amendment Number 17, effective January 1, 2022, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules) consolidated as at January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20, 2021, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.61 
 Short Term Incentive Plan for Non-Unionized Employees (Canada) and US Salaried Employees dated January 1, 2014, as amended July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342) . 
 10.62 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Performance Share Units Notice of Grant and Grant Agreement between Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and Keith Creel dated January 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.63 
 Form of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Performance Share Units Notice of Grant and Grant Agreement for United States Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.64 
 Form of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Performance Share Units Notice of Grant and Grant Agreement for Canadian Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.65 
 Regular Stock Option Agreement between Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and Keith Creel dated January 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.66 
 Form of Regular Stock Option Agreement for United States Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.67 
 Form of Regular Stock Option Agreement for Canadian Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.68 
 Canadian Pacific Pension Plan for U.S. Management Employees, Incorporating All Amendments Adopted through December 31, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.69 
 Form of Regular Stock Option Agreement for CEO (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.70 
 Form of Regular Stock Option Agreement for United States Executive Officers (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.71 
 Form of Regular Stock Option Agreement for Canadian Executive Officers (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.72 
 Form of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Performance Share Units Notice of Grant and Grant Agreement for CEO (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.73 
 Form of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Performance Share Units Notice of Grant and Grant Agreement for United States Executive Officers (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.74 
 Form of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Performance Share Units Notice of Grant and Grant Agreement for Canadian Executive Officers (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 

127 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 10.75 
 First Amending Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2022, among Canadian Pacific Railway Company, as Borrower, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, as Covenantor, Bank of Montreal, as Administrative Agent, and the various Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission April 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.76 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited Amended and Restated Management Stock Option Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective April 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to Exhibit 99.1 to Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2022, File No. 001-01342). 
 10.77 
 Amendment Number 18, effective January 1, 2023, to the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (Pension Plan Rules) consolidated as at January 1, 2009. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the registrant 
 22.1 
 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 23.2 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 23.3 
 Consent of Deloitte LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 
 Power of attorney (included on the signature pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 
 CEO Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 
 31.2 
 CFO Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications 
 32.1 
 CEO Section 1350 Certifications 
 32.2 
 CFO Section 1350 Certifications 
 99.1 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Kansas City Southern as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document The following financial information from Canadian Pacific Railway Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) includes: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Management contract or compensatory arrangement 
 Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. An unredacted copy of this exhibit will be furnished separately to the SEC upon request. 

CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 128 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 

129 CP 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY LIMITED (Registrant) 
 By: /s/ KEITH CREEL Keith Creel 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dated: February 24, 2023 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each of the undersigned do hereby appoint each of Nadeem Velani and Jeffrey J. Ellis, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, to sign on his or her behalf the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities indicated on February 24, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ KEITH CREEL Chief Executive Officer and Director Keith Creel 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ NADEEM VELANI Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer Nadeem Velani 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 /s/ ISABELLE COURVILLE Chair of the Board of Directors Isabelle Courville 
 /s/ JOHN R. BAIRD Director John R. Baird 
 /s/ GILLIAN H. DENHAM Director Gillian H. Denham 
 /s/ EDWARD R. HAMBERGER Director Edward R. Hamberger 
 /s/ MATTHEW H. PAULL Director Matthew H. Paull 
 /s/ JANE L. PEVERETT Director Jane L. Peverett 
 /s/ ANDREA ROBERTSON Director Andrea Robertson 
 /s/ GORDON T. TRAFTON Director Gordon T. Trafton 

<EX-10.39>
 2
 exhibit103910-k2022.htm
 EX-10.39

Document 

Exhibit 10.39 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 
 Effective January 1, 2011 

Consolidated to January 1, 2019 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page i 

Table of Contents 
 Article 1 
 ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PLAN............................................................... 1 Article 2 
 DEFINITIONS..................................................................................................... 3 Article 3 
 MEMBERSHIP................................................................................................. 7 Article 4 
 SUPPLEMENTAL ACCOUNTS .................................................................... 9 Article 5 
 NOTIONAL INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS.............................................. 10 Article 6 
 RETIREMENT BENEFITS.............................................................................. 11 Article 7 
 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT............................................................ 12 Article 8 
 DEATH PRIOR TO RETIREMENT OR TERMINATION............................ 13 Article 9 FINANCING..................................................................................................... 14 Article 10 
 AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OR REGISTERED PLANS.............................................................................. 17 Article 11 
 ADMINISTRATION........................................................................................ 20 Article 12 
 GENERAL CONDITIONS.............................................................................. 23 Appendix A DEFINED BENEFIT PROVISIONS Appendix B SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR U.S. MEMBERS 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 1 

 ARTICLE 1 - ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PLAN 
 
 1.01 The Company established the Canadian Pacific Railway Management Supplemental Pension Plan (1998) (the Management Plan and the Canadian Pacific Railway Executive Supplemental Pension Plan (1998) (the Executive Plan (collectively the Prior Plans ), both effective May 1, 1998. The Management Plan provided supplemental pension benefits primarily on a defined benefit basis to eligible management employees of the Company. The Executive Plan provided supplemental pension benefits primarily on a defined benefit basis to designated executive employees of the Company. The Prior Plans were terminated effective December 31, 2010. 
 
 1.02 The Company established the Supplemental Plan effective January 1, 2011 to provide retirement benefits to eligible management and executive employees of the Company. The Supplemental Plan provides benefits primarily on a defined contribution basis to eligible Members in excess of the contributions that may be made in respect of such employees under the Basic Plan, which contributions are restricted by the maximum contributions permitted under the Income Tax Act. The Supplemental Plan preserves the supplemental defined contribution account balances, if any, as at December 31, 2010 and the entitlement to a defined benefit pension, if any, under the Prior Plans for service to December 31, 2010. Included as Appendix A are supplemental defined benefit provisions, for the purpose of preserving such legacy lifetime retirement income and related benefits to management or executive employees of the Company who participated in the defined benefit provisions of the Prior Plans. The purpose of Appendix A of the Supplemental Plan is to provide benefits to eligible employees in excess of the benefits payable to such employees under the Basic Plan, which benefits are restricted by the maximum benefits permitted under the Income Tax Act. 
 
 1.03 Effective June 1, 2013, the Company established the Secondary Plan. As a result of the creation of the Secondary Plan, the Supplemental Plan was amended. 
 
 1.04 The Supplemental Plan is primarily intended to restore benefits under the Basic Plan and the Secondary Plan (collectively the Registered Plans to the level that would be available in accordance with the contribution or benefit formula, as applicable, under the Registered Plans if restrictions imposed by the Income Tax Act were not applicable. However, different benefits may be provided under this Supplemental Plan for individual Members or classes of Members as may be so designated from time to time. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 2 

1.05 The Supplemental Plan is intended to be exempt from federal legislation relating to pension plans. 
 
 1.06 The Supplemental Plan shall apply in respect of the determination of benefits payable to an eligible employee who retires, dies or terminates employment on or after January 1, 2011. 
 
 ARTICLE 2 - DEFINITIONS 
 
 For the purposes of this Supplemental Plan, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 2.01 Actuarial Equivalent shall have the meaning attributed to it under the Basic Plan. For greater certainty, the determination of Actuarial Equivalent amounts hereunder will be based on factors and methodologies consistent with those used for similar calculations under the Basic Plan at the time of the calculation, unless otherwise specified herein. 
 
 2.02 Actuary means a person who is, or a firm one of whose employees is, a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries and who is appointed by the Company to carry out actuarial valuations and provide actuarial advice and services as may be required from time to time for the purposes of the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 2.03 Average Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.04 Basic Plan means the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan consolidated as at January 1, 2009, and as subsequently amended or restated from time to time. 
 
 2.05 Board means the board of directors of Canadian Pacific Railway Company. 
 
 2.06 Change in Control means a change in control of the Company as defined in the Company s Management Stock Option Incentive Plan as amended from time to time. 
 
 2.07 Company means Canadian Pacific Railway Company. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 3 

 2.08 DC Member means a Member who accrues defined contribution benefits under Appendix B of the Basic Plan or who has ceased accruing defined contribution benefits but still maintains his defined contribution accounts thereunder. 
 
 2.09 DC Pension Benefits means the benefits attributable to, or payable from, a DC Member s Supplemental Company Account. 
 
 2.10 Date of Cessation of Membership means the date determined in accordance with Section 3.03. 
 
 2.11 Designated Beneficiary shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.12 Effective Date means January 1, 2011. 
 
 2.13 Eligible Position means a permanent position in an eligible salary classification as determined by the Board. 
 
 2.14 Employee shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.15 Event of Default shall have the same meaning as in the Trust Agreement. 
 
 2.16 Former Member shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.17 Income Tax Act means the Income Tax Act (Canada), R.S.C. 1985, as amended. 
 
 2.18 Security Instrument shall have the same meaning as in the Trust Agreement. 
 
 2.19 Liabilities means the highest possible actuarial liabilities, determined on a plan termination basis, of the Secured Benefits provided under the Plan over the term of the applicable Security Instrument, as determined by the Actuary as at the Liability Valuation Date using the methods and assumptions selected by the Actuary, which shall include the assumption that a Change of Control will occur, and taking into account the estimated expenses of operating the Trust Fund including the Trustee's compensation and wind up costs and a reasonable estimate of future Plan expenses. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 4 

 2.20 Liability Valuation Date means date that is three (3) months prior to the effective date of a renewal or replacement Security Instrument. 
 
 2.21 Management Employee shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.22 Member means an Employee who is a member of the Basic Plan, who has met the eligibility requirements, in accordance with Article 3, to accrue benefits under this Supplemental Plan and who remains contingently or absolutely entitled to a retirement benefit under the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 2.23 Pensionable Service means any Service, expressed in years, included as pensionable service under the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.24 Pension Committee means the Pension Committee of the Board. 
 
 2.25 Post-Retirement Spouse shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.26 Prior Plans means the Canadian Pacific Railway Management Supplemental Pension Plan (1998) (the Management Plan and the Canadian Pacific Railway Executive Supplemental Pension Plan (1998) (the Executive Plan ). 
 
 2.27 Registered Company Account means the Company Account maintained in respect of a Member under the Basic Plan, as defined under the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.28 Registered Plans means the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Pension Plan (the Basic Plan and the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Secondary Pension Plan (the Secondary Plan collectively. 
 
 2.29 Representative Participant shall have the same meaning as in the Trust Agreement. 
 
 2.30 Retirement Date means a Normal Retirement Date, Early Retirement Date or Late Retirement Date, as the case may be. 
 
 2.31 Secondary Plan means the Canadian Pacific Railway Company Secondary Pension Plan. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 5 

 2.32 Secured Benefits shall have the same meaning as in the Trust Agreement. 
 
 2.33 Service shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 2.34 Spouse means the Member s spouse, if any, as defined under the Basic Plan, who is entitled to benefits from the Basic Plan upon the death of the Member or who would be entitled to such benefits except for having waived them. 
 
 2.35 Supplemental Benefit means the benefit payable to a Member pursuant to this Supplemental Plan. 
 
 2.36 Supplemental Company Account means the individual retirement account maintained by the Company with respect to each DC Member in accordance with Section 4.01. 
 
 2.37 Supplemental Plan means this Canadian Pacific Railway Company Supplemental Retirement Plan. 
 
 2.38 Trust Agreement means the written agreement in force from time to time between the Company and the Trustee, with respect to the assets of the Trust Fund. 
 
 2.39 Trust Fund means the trust fund established under the Trust Agreement. 
 
 2.40 Trustee means a corporation selected by the Company that is authorized to carry on a trust business in Canada. 
 
 2.41 U.S. Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations issued hereunder. 
 
 2.42 U.S. Member means a Member or Former Member whose benefits under the Supplemental Plan are subject to taxation under the U.S. Code. 
 
 In this Supplemental Plan, words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa words importing the masculine gender include the feminine and vice versa, as the context shall require, and references to a subparagraph, paragraph, section, article or appendix mean a subparagraph, paragraph, section, article or appendix of the Supplemental Plan, unless specified otherwise. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 6 

 ARTICLE 3 - MEMBERSHIP 
 
 3.01 
 (a) Each Employee who was a member of the Prior Plans on December 31, 2010 shall become a Member of the Supplemental Plan on the Effective Date and shall accrue benefits hereunder on a defined contribution or defined benefit basis in respect of a period of Pensionable Service on the same basis as the benefit accruals under the Basic Plan for the same period of Pensionable Service. 
 
 (b) An Employee who is a member of the Basic Plan on December 31, 2010 and who is promoted to an Eligible Position on or after the Effective Date but prior to June 1, 2013 shall become a Member of the Supplemental Plan and shall accrue benefits on the same basis as the Basic Plan. 
 
 (c) For greater certainty, no Employee hired as a Management Employee on or after the Effective Date shall be entitled to accrue benefits in accordance with Appendix A. 
 
 (d) An Employee who is a member of the Secondary Plan and who is promoted to an Eligible Position shall become a member of the Supplemental Plan and shall be entitled to accrue benefits in accordance with Appendix A. 
 
 3.02 Every other Employee who 
 
 (a) is a member of the Basic Plan and 
 
 (b) holds an Eligible Position, 
 
 shall be a Member of the Supplemental Plan and shall accrue benefits hereunder on a defined contribution basis. 
 
 3.03 Membership in the Supplemental Plan ceases on the earliest of 
 
 (a) the Retirement Date of the Member 
 
 (b) the date the Member ceases to be an Employee and 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 7 

(c) the date of termination of the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 3.04 Employees who become Members after a Liability Valuation Date, other than Employees who were employed by the Company prior to such Liability Valuation Date and were promoted so as to become Members after such date, shall not have their benefits under the Supplemental Plan securitized by either the Security Instrument or any assets of the Trust Fund until the date that is three months following the subsequent Liability Valuation Date, and thereafter only to the extent that such benefits are Secured Benefits. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 - SUPPLEMENTAL ACCOUNTS 
 
 4.01 The Company shall establish and maintain an individual Supplemental Company Account in respect of each DC Member accruing benefits under the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 4.02 In respect of a DC Member who, on December 31, 2010, accrued benefits on a defined contribution basis under the Prior Plans, the opening balance in such DC Member s Supplemental Company Account as at January 1, 2011 shall be equal to the closing balance in the Member s Supplemental DC Account (as defined in the Prior Plans) as at December 31, 2010. 
 
 4.03 In respect of each month of Service during which the DC Member participates under the Basic Plan, the Company shall make notional allocations to the DC Member s Supplemental Company Account in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) over (b), as follows, where 
 
 (a) is the amount of Company contributions that would be made to the DC Member s Registered Company Account for such month in accordance with Appendix B of the Basic Plan, if the limits as to the maximum contributions as set out in Appendix B of the Basic Plan were not applicable and 
 
 (b) is the amount of Company contributions actually made to the DC Member s Registered Company Account for such month in accordance with Appendix B of the Basic Plan. 
 
 4.04 The notional allocations, if any, in respect of a DC Member for a month in a calendar year shall be credited to the DC Member s Supplemental Company Account hereunder 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 8 

 not later than the last day of each calendar month that the contributions made to the Basic Plan in respect of the DC Member for the same period are credited under the Basic Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 - NOTIONAL INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS 
 
 5.01 For the purposes of calculating notional investment income under a Member s Supplemental Company Account, the notional allocations made by the Company to a Member s Supplemental Company Account shall be based on the performance of the designated investment option(s) selected from time to time by the Company for the purposes of the Supplemental Plan, and such notional allocations may either be a positive or negative amount. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 - RETIREMENT BENEFITS 
 
 6.01 If a Member, other than a U.S. Member, retires in accordance with Section B.12.1 of the Basic Plan and has been a Member for two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, the Company will pay a Supplemental Benefit to the Member. The Supplemental Benefit payable under this Section 6.01 will be a lump sum payment equal to the balance in the Member s Supplemental Account at the date of payment, including notional investment allocations up to the last day of the month in which retirement occurs. 
 
 6.02 If a Member retires in accordance with Article B.12 of the Basic Plan and has been a Member for less than two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, no Supplemental Benefit shall be payable to the Member. 
 
 6.03 A U.S. Member shall receive a distribution of his or her Supplemental Benefit, if any, in accordance with Appendix B hereto. 
 
 ARTICLE 7 - TERMINATION BENEFITS 
 
 7.01 If a Member, other than a U.S. Member, terminates Service in accordance with Article B.14 of the Basic Plan and has been a Member for two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, the Company will pay a Supplemental Benefit to the Member. The Supplemental Benefit payable under this Section 7.01 will be a lump sum amount equal to the balance in the Member s Supplemental Company Account at the date of payment, including notional investment allocations up to the last day of the month in which termination occurs. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 9 

7.02 If a Member terminates in accordance with Article B.14 of the Basic Plan and has been a Member for less than two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, no Supplemental Benefit will be payable to the Member. 
 
 7.03 A U.S. Member shall receive a distribution of his or her Supplemental Benefit, if any, in accordance with Appendix B hereto. 
 
 ARTICLE 8 - DEATH PRIOR TO RETIREMENT OR TERMINATION 
 
 8.01 If a Member, other than a U.S. Member, dies after completing two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service and his or her benefits are paid in accordance with Article B.13 of the Basic Plan, the Company will pay a Supplemental Benefit to the Spouse, or if there is no Spouse or if the Member and the Spouse have jointly waived the Spouse s entitlements under the Basic Plan, the Designated Beneficiary. The Supplemental Benefit will be a lump sum amount equal to the balance in the Member s Supplemental Company Account at the date of payment, including notional investment allocations up to the last day of the month in which death occurs. 
 
 8.02 If a Member dies before completing two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service and his or her benefits are paid in accordance with Article B.13 of the Basic Plan, no Supplemental Benefit will be payable hereunder. 
 
 8.03 The Supplemental Benefit of a deceased U.S. Member shall be paid in accordance with Appendix B hereto. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 - FINANCING 
 
 9.01 A Member shall neither be required nor permitted to make any contributions to this Supplemental Plan. 
 
 9.02 Except as otherwise provided herein, payments to be made by the Company under this Supplemental Plan shall be paid solely out of the general funds of the Company then available for that purpose. 
 
 9.03 Prior to the Effective Date the Company shall establish, and shall maintain during the continuance of the Supplemental Plan, a Trust Fund pursuant to a Trust Agreement 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 10 

 between the Company and the Trustee, for the purpose of providing security for the funding of the Trust Fund with proceeds of a Security Instrument in the event that an Event of Default shall occur. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may make contributions to the Trust Fund to fund the Liabilities in accordance with the Trust Agreement. 
 9.04 
 (a) The Company shall make payments to the Trust Fund in accordance with the Trust Agreement. All monies accruing to the Trust Fund shall be deposited into a separate account to the credit of the Trustee and shall not form part of the revenues or assets of the Company. The Trust Fund shall be administered in accordance with the Supplemental Plan and the assets of the Trust Fund other than the Security Instrument held in the Trust Fund shall be invested in accordance with such directions as the Pension Committee may give. The Pension Committee, on terms and conditions satisfactory to it, may retain the services of an agent or agents or designate employees of the Company to invest or reinvest any of the assets of the Trust Fund other than the Security Instrument held in the Trust Fund and may, but need not, delegate to any such agent, agents or employees any of the power or authority that may be vested in it in relation to the investment or reinvestment of any such assets. 
 
 (b) There shall be paid from the Trust Fund 
 
 (i) the costs of administering the Supplemental Plan and the Trust Fund, including taxes, to the extent that such costs are not borne by the Company, and 
 
 (ii) all Secured Benefits to be paid under the Supplemental Plan to the extent that such pensions and other benefits are not borne by the Company. 
 
 (c) Subject to the Actuary s recommendation, the Company shall contribute to the Trust Fund from time to time 
 
 (i) where the Supplemental Plan is to be fully funded, such amount as may be required to enable the Trust Fund to provide for payment of all of the Secured Benefits and administrative costs required to be paid under the Supplemental Plan, 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 11 

(ii) where the Supplemental Plan is to be partially funded and partially secured, such amount as is sufficient to enable the Trustee to obtain or renew a Security Instrument with a face amount at least equal to the Liabilities less the market value of the other assets of the Trust Fund as at the Liability Valuation Date, 
 
 (iii) where the Supplemental Plan is to be fully secured, such amount as is sufficient to enable the Trustee to obtain or renew a Security Instrument with a face amount at least equal to the Liabilities less the market value of the other assets of the Trust Fund as at the Liability Valuation Date. 
 
 Where the Supplemental Plan is to be fully funded, and the Liabilities as at a Liability Valuation Date exceed the market value of the Supplemental Plan s assets as at such Liability Valuation Date, then the Company shall contribute the amount by which such Liabilities exceed such value of assets within two (2) months following such Liability Valuation Date (with 50 of such excess deposited in the Trust Fund and 50 remitted to the Canada Revenue Agency as refundable tax). 
 
 9.05 
 (a) If the Company makes a contribution that is subsequently determined to be an overpayment, then such contribution shall be returned to the Company to the extent of the overpayment. 
 
 (b) If at any time the market value of the assets of the Trust Fund (including for greater certainty the face amount of any Security Instrument held in the Trust Fund) exceeds the greater of the Liabilities and the ongoing liabilities in respect of Secured Benefits that, in the estimation of the Actuary, would exist twenty-four (24) months from the date of such estimate, the Company shall have the right to receive, upon demand for payment made to the Trustee, the payment of all or part of such excess. 
 
 (c) In the event of termination of the Supplemental Plan, amounts payable from the Trust Fund shall be limited to expenses and Secured Benefits in respect of Service up to the date of such termination. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 12 

(d) For greater certainty, nothing herein shall affect the Company s obligations to provide all benefits under the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE 10 - AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OR REGISTERED PLANS 
 
 10.01 The Company expects to continue the Supplemental Plan indefinitely, but nevertheless reserves the right to amend or discontinue the Supplemental Plan, provided that no such action shall adversely affect the aggregate of the benefits which have accrued under the Registered Plans and the Supplemental Plan immediately prior to the time such action is taken, based on 
 
 (a) in the case of benefits payable on a defined contribution basis hereunder, the Member s Registered Company Account and Supplemental Company Account balances as of the date of such amendment or discontinuance and 
 
 (b) in the case of benefits payable on a defined benefit basis hereunder, the Member s Pensionable Service, Highest Plan Earnings and Average Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings as of the date of such amendment or discontinuance. 
 
 10.02 Any amendment to the Supplemental Plan shall be made by the adoption of a resolution of the Board unless the Board s power or authority to amend the Supplemental Plan has been delegated. All such amendments shall be binding upon the Company and upon each Member. 
 
 10.03 It is hereby acknowledged that the Supplemental Benefit payable pursuant to this Supplemental Plan is contingent on the continuation of the Basic Plan. In the event that one or both of the Registered Plans is discontinued or terminated, and not replaced by a successor pension plan within the meaning of the Pension Benefits Standards Act, 1985 (Canada), the amount of the Supplemental Benefit payable hereunder shall be determined based on the Member s Supplemental Company Account balance, Pensionable Service, Highest Plan Earnings and Average Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings, as applicable, as at the date of such discontinuance or termination, unless otherwise determined by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the discontinuance or termination of one or both of the Registered Plans shall not adversely affect the aggregate 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 13 

 of the benefits which have accrued to the Member under the Registered Plans and the Supplemental Plan immediately prior to the time such action is taken. 
 
 10.04 If one or both of the Registered Plans is amended so that references thereto contained in the Supplemental Plan are no longer applicable, the Supplemental Plan shall be deemed to be amended accordingly. No such amendment will be considered to adversely affect any right with respect to benefits which have accrued in aggregate under the Registered Plans and the Supplemental Plan immediately prior to the time such action is taken. 
 
 10.05 If, after satisfactory provision for all Supplemental Plan Secured Benefits and expenses has been made following the full termination of the Supplemental Plan, surplus assets remain in the Trust Fund (which for greater certainty includes all applicable refundable taxes received or receivable by the Trust Fund) such surplus assets shall revert to the Company. 
 
 10.06 In the event that the Trust Fund is insufficient to make in full the payments required after all refundable tax payable to the Trust Fund is received by the Trustee, the Trustee shall, after provision for the payment of expenses, reduce the payments to Members, their Spouses or beneficiaries in proportion to the insufficiency, as determined by the Actuary, and provided that, in each case, the Trustee may provide for some benefits or partial benefits prior to the receipt of the refundable tax and the remaining benefits after the refundable tax is received. 
 
 10.07 Where an Event of Default occurs which results in a draw by the Trustee on the full amount of the Security Instrument and the Company does not make arrangements enabling the Trustee to renew or replace the Security Instrument in accordance with the Trust Agreement, the benefit accruals under the Supplemental Plan shall cease as of the date of the Event of Default. 
 
 In such event, solely for purposes of the calculation of benefits payable under the Supplemental Plan, 
 
 (a) the Supplemental Plan and the Registered Plans shall be deemed to be terminated as of the date of the Event of Default and 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 14 

 (b) all Members shall be deemed to have terminated or retired, as the case may be, as of the date of the Event of Default. 
 
 Following the Event of Default, a Member (other than a U.S. Member), Former Member, or Pensioner (or his or her Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse), as the case may be, may elect to receive a lump sum payment determined in accordance with Appendix A.7 in lieu of the retirement income, determined in accordance with Appendix A, otherwise payable, if any. 
 
 10.08 Where, following an Event of Default, a Representative Participant has been appointed in accordance with the Trust Agreement, the Representative Participant shall carry out such duties and responsibilities as set out in the Trust Agreement. 
 
 10.09 Where new amendments to the Supplemental Plan s benefit provisions that increase the Supplemental Plan s liabilities are adopted after a Liability Valuation Date, and such amendments are not reflected in the Actuary s computation of the Liabilities as at such date, such amended benefits will not be secured by either the Security Instrument or any assets of the Trust Fund until three (3) months following the subsequent Liability Valuation Date, unless the Actuary prepares a report reflecting such amendments and the face amount of the Security Instrument is amended to reflect the associated increase in Liabilities or, if the Supplemental Plan is being fully funded, the Company contributes an amount equal to the increase in Liabilities (with 50 of such amount deposited in the Trust Fund and 50 remitted to the Canada Revenue Agency as refundable tax). 
 
 ARTICLE 11 - ADMINISTRATION 
 
 11.01 The Company shall administer this Supplemental Plan and shall adopt such rules as it may deem necessary for its proper administration. 
 
 The Company shall have the powers necessary to carry out the administration of the Supplemental Plan, including, but not restricted to, the power 
 
 (a) to determine all disbursements payable under the Supplemental Plan and 
 
 (b) to resolve questions involving the interpretation and application of the provisions of the Supplemental Plan. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 15 

 The Company s decision in all matters involving the interpretation and application of such rules shall be final, conclusive and binding. 
 
 11.02 The Pension Committee shall oversee the operation and administration of the Supplemental Plan and shall be responsible for the investment and or securitization policies pertaining to, and the management of, the Trust Fund. 
 
 11.03 Any reference in the Supplemental Plan to any action to be taken, any consent, approval or opinion to be given, or any discretion or decision to be exercised or made by the Company, shall refer to Canadian Pacific Railway Company, acting through the Board or any other person or persons from time to time authorized by the Board for purposes of the Supplemental Plan. The Company may appoint one or more agents or committees to carry out any act or transaction required for the administration and management of the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 11.04 The Company shall ensure that each Member receives a written explanation of the provisions of the Supplemental Plan applicable to such Member together with an explanation of the rights and obligations of such Member with respect to the Supplemental Plan. A written explanation of any subsequent amendments to the Supplemental Plan shall be provided to each Member, or other person entitled to a payment under the Supplemental Plan, who is or will be affected by the amendments. 
 
 11.05 Neither the Company nor any employee, officer or director thereof shall be liable to any person whatsoever for anything done or omitted to be done in respect of the administration of the Supplemental Plan, except where the act or omission was fraudulent or in bad faith on the part of the person against whom a claim is made. 
 
 11.06 The Company shall indemnify and save harmless any employee, officer or director of the Company from personal liability in respect of their respective acts or omissions in administering the Supplemental Plan, except where the act or omission was fraudulent or in bad faith on the part of the employee, officer or director. 
 
 11.07 Whenever the records of the Company are used for the purposes of the Supplemental Plan, such records shall be conclusive of the facts with which they are concerned. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 16 

 11.08 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Supplemental Plan, no amount shall be payable to or in respect of a Member until the Member, Spouse or Designated Beneficiary, as applicable, has provided the Company with all information reasonably required to calculate and pay any amounts due under the Supplemental Plan and the Registered Plans. 
 
 11.09 If there is a dispute as to whether a person is a Spouse or other person entitled to payments hereunder, or where two or more persons make adverse claims in respect of a benefit, or where a person makes a claim that is inconsistent with information provided by the Member, the Company may obtain court directions and neither the Company nor the Supplemental Plan shall be held liable for any delays in payment of benefits hereunder as a result of any such dispute. 
 
 11.10 Where the Company is satisfied, on the basis of medical evidence, that a person entitled to receive any pension or lump sum under this Supplemental Plan is physically or mentally incompetent to receive it and there is no guardian, curator, committee or other representative legally responsible for the estate of such person, the Company may make payment in trust for such person to such other person, group of persons or agency as, in the opinion of the Company, is best qualified to receive and administer the payment. 
 
 11.11 In the event that the Company pays an amount to or in respect of a Member in excess of the amount payable under the Supplemental Plan, the amount of the overpayment shall be repaid by the recipient forthwith upon demand for repayment by the Company. Alternatively, the Company may, in its sole discretion, reduce future amounts payable hereunder in respect of the Member in a manner as determined by the Company, on an Actuarial Equivalent basis. 
 
 11.12 
 (a) Each Member and each Spouse shall be given annually a written statement showing the pension benefit to which the Member is entitled at the end of the year. 
 
 (b) Each Member and Spouse may, once in each year of operation of the Supplemental Plan, either personally or by an agent authorized in writing for that purpose, 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 17 

 (i) examine the Supplemental Plan rules, the reports of the Actuary, the Trust Agreement, and the statement of investment policies at the head office of the Company or at such other place as is agreed to by the Company and the person requesting to examine the documents, and 
 
 (ii) order, in writing, a photocopy of any such documents and the Company shall comply with such order upon payment of such reasonable fee as the Company may fix. 
 
 (c) Where a Member retires or ceases to be a Member, the Company shall give to that Member and to the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse (and, in the case of the Member s death, to the Member s estate) a written statement of the Member s pension benefits and other benefits payable under the Supplemental Plan, within thirty (30) days after the Retirement Date or the Date of Cessation of Membership, as the case may be. 
 
 ARTICLE 12 - GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 12.01 The adoption and maintenance of this Supplemental Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between the Company and any Member. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give to any Member the right to be retained in the service of the Company or to interfere with the right of the Company to terminate the employment of such Member at any time without regard to the effect such treatment might have under the Supplemental Plan upon such Member. 
 
 12.02 Notwithstanding Appendix A and the form and manner in which benefits are paid to such person under the Registered Plans, the Company may, in its discretion, require the Member, Spouse or Designated Beneficiary entitled to receive benefits in accordance with Appendix A, as applicable, to receive any Supplemental Benefit payable under Appendix A in a lump sum, in instalments or as a retirement income in the form and manner determined by the Company, in full satisfaction of all rights of the Member, Spouse or Designated Beneficiary under the Supplemental Plan. Such lump sum or retirement income shall be the Actuarial Equivalent of the Supplemental Benefit otherwise payable under Appendix A, where applicable. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 18 

 12.03 
 (a) All benefits to which a person is, or may become, entitled pursuant to this Supplemental Plan are for the support and maintenance of such person and may not in any manner, in whole or in part, be assigned, alienated, sold, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, encumbered or charged and, except as otherwise required by law, shall not be subject to attachment or otherwise by, or on behalf of, the creditors of such person. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 12.03(a), pursuant to a lawful decree, order or judgment of a competent tribunal, a benefit payable under this Supplemental Plan may be subject to execution, seizure or attachment in satisfaction of an order for support or maintenance or may be assigned, pledged, charged, encumbered or alienated to satisfy a division of matrimonial property. 
 
 12.04 
 (a) Supplemental Benefits under this Supplemental Plan shall on divorce, annulment or separation be subject to applicable provincial property law. 
 
 (b) A Member or Former Member may, by written agreement, assign, effective as of divorce, annulment or separation, all or part of that Member s or Former Member s pension benefit, pension benefit credit or other benefit under the Supplemental Plan to the Member s or Former Member s former Spouse. In the event of such an assignment, the former Spouse shall, in respect of the assigned portion of the Supplemental Benefit, be deemed 
 
 (i) to have been a Member, and 
 
 (ii) to have ceased to be a Member as of the effective date of the assignment, 
 
 but a subsequent spouse of the former Spouse is not entitled to any Supplemental Benefit in respect of that assigned portion. 
 
 (c) All or part of a Member s or Former Member s Supplemental Benefit under the Supplemental Plan may be assigned to the Member s or Former Member s former Spouse by court order pursuant to applicable provincial property law. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 19 

 (d) Where all or part of a Supplemental Benefit of a Member or Former Member is required to be distributed to the Member s or Former Member s former Spouse under a court order or an agreement between the spouses, the Supplemental Benefit may be adjusted so that it becomes payable as two separate pensions, one to the Member or Former Member and the other to the Member s or Former Member s former Spouse, provided that the aggregate of the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the two benefits is not less than the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the benefit. 
 
 (e) The aggregate of 
 
 (i) the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Supplemental Benefit paid to a Member or Former Member, and 
 
 (ii) the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Supplemental Benefit paid to the former Spouse of the Member or Former Member 
 
 pursuant to this paragraph shall not be greater than the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Supplemental Benefit, as the case may be, that would have been payable to the Member or Former Member had the divorce, annulment or separation not occurred. The Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value shall be determined in accordance with generally accepted actuarial principles for the computation of transfer values from registered pension plans, including, where applicable, the adjustment described in paragraph A.7.01(b). 
 
 12.05 No pension, Supplemental Company Account balance or any other benefit under this Supplemental Plan shall be due or commence to be paid to a Member, Former Member, Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse before any corresponding pension or other benefit of the Member, Former Member, Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse under the Registered Plans has become due and commenced to be paid. 
 
 12.06 Article and Section headings are convenient references only and shall not be deemed to be a part of the substance of the Supplemental Plan or in any way to enlarge or limit the contents of any Article or Section. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 20 

 12.07 In the event that any provision of this Supplemental Plan shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Supplemental Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal and invalid provision never existed. 
 
 12.08 Subject to Article 9, the Member and any person claiming a benefit through him shall have recourse only to the Company for any Supplemental Benefit payable under this Supplemental Plan. Without restricting the generality of the foregoing, the directors, officers and other employees of the Company shall not be liable to any person for any Supplemental Benefit payable hereunder. 
 
 12.09 
 (a) This Supplemental Plan shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Canada applicable therein, except for those rights and obligations that are solely within the jurisdiction of a province or other competent authority. 
 
 (b) All matters in dispute between parties in relation to the Supplemental Plan shall be finally and conclusively resolved by way of arbitration before an arbitration panel. The provisions of the Arbitration Act (Alberta) and the rules and regulations thereof, where not inconsistent herewith, shall apply. The arbitration panel shall consist of a single arbitrator if the parties agree upon one. If the parties do not agree, the arbitration panel shall consist of three arbitrators, one to be appointed by each party and a third to be chosen by the first two named. The decision of the arbitration panel shall be binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns. The arbitration panel may award costs in respect of an arbitration in its sole discretion. All decisions of the arbitration panel shall be final and shall not be subject to appeal. 
 
 12.10 All amounts payable under this Supplemental Plan shall be construed as being expressed in the lawful currency of Canada. 
 
 12.11 All amounts payable under this Supplemental Plan shall be subject to deductions at source for income taxes or other assessments as may be required by law. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page 21 

 12.12 This Supplemental Plan shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, the Members and their respective heirs, executors, administrators and assigns. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-1 

 Appendix A - Defined Benefit Provisions 
 
 Article A.1 - Definitions 
 
 Only a Member described in Section 3.01 shall be eligible for benefits under this Appendix A, and only for that portion of Pensionable Service, if any, for which the Member is entitled to defined benefits under the Registered Plans that have been affected by the application of the Defined Benefit Limit (as defined in the Income Tax Regulations). 
 
 In this Appendix A and throughout the Supplemental Plan, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the following terms have the following meanings 
 
 A.1.01 American Act shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.02 Averaged Incentive Compensation shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.03 Canadian Act means the Canada Pension Plan or an Act Respecting the Quebec Pension Plan, both as amended from time to time. 
 
 A.1.04 Canadian Average Industrial Wage shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.05 Consumer Price Index shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.06 DB Pension Benefits means the benefits provided under the Supplemental Plan which are not DC Pension Benefits. 
 
 A.1.07 DB Pensionable Service means, subject to Section A.2.08, 
 
 (a) in respect of an Employee who is a Member on May 31, 2013, 
 
 (i) that portion of Pensionable Service accrued prior to June 1, 2013, if any, recognized in determining a Member s defined benefits under the Basic Plan, and 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-2 

 (ii) that portion of Pensionable Service accrued on or after June 1, 2013, recognized as Statutory Limit Service under the Secondary Plan, as that term is defined in the Secondary Plan and 
 (b) in respect of an Employee who becomes a Member on or after June 1, 2013, Statutory Limit Service under the Secondary Plan, as that term is defined in the Secondary Plan. 
 
 A.1.08 Deemed Earnings shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.09 Deemed Initial Average Earnings means the average monthly salary of a Member during the sixty (60) calendar months immediately preceding the month in which the Member became a member of the Basic Plan and for any month in that period during which the Member was not an Employee, the salary of the Member shall be deemed to be the Member s basic monthly salary in the month in which the Member became a member of the Basic Plan multiplied by the Canadian Average Industrial Wage for the month in question and divided by the Canadian Average Industrial Wage Index for the month in which the Member became a member of the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.10 Deemed Pensionable Service means Pensionable Service calculated as if such Pensionable Service had commenced on the first day of the month following the date the Member attained age thirty-five (35). 
 
 A.1.11 Deemed Prior Service means the excess, if any, of a Member s Deemed Pensionable Service over the Member s Pensionable Service. 
 
 A.1.12 Early Retirement Date shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.13 Earnings means the salary paid to a Member by the Company, and includes Deemed Earnings. 
 
 A.1.14 Executive Member means a member of the Executive Plan or a member of the executive group of the Company, as designated by the Company from time to time. 
 
 A.1.15 Former Member means a person who has ceased membership in the Supplemental Plan. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-3 

 A.1.16 Highest Plan Earnings shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan as such definition applies to a Member. For greater certainty such definition shall apply to all periods of a Member s Pensionable Service. 
 
 A.1.17 Interest means, with respect to any period, the rate of interest that applies in respect of that period under the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.18 Late Retirement Date shall have the same meaning as in the Basic Plan. 
 
 A.1.19 Normal Retirement Date means the last day of the month in which a Member or Former Member attains the age of sixty-five (65) years. 
 
 A.1.20 Pension Accrued means as at any date, the pension in respect of DB Pension Benefits only to which a Former Member is entitled or to which a Member would be entitled at the Date of Cessation of Membership. 
 
 A.1.21 Pensioner means a person who, having been a Member or Former Member, has become entitled to the payment of a pension under this Supplemental Plan. 
 
 A.1.22 Retirement Date means a Normal Retirement Date, Early Retirement Date or Late Retirement Date, as the case may be. 
 
 A.1.23 Separation from Service means a U.S. Member s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Code. 
 
 A.1.24 Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings means Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings as defined under the Basic Plan. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-4 

 Article A.2 - Pension Formula 
 
 A.2.01 In respect of a Member whose DB Pensionable Service was all in Canada, the Supplemental Benefit shall be an amount, calculated as at a Member s Date of Cessation of Membership, equal to 
 
 (a) the sum of 
 
 (i) two percent (2 of the Member s Highest Plan Earnings multiplied by the Member s DB Pensionable Service in Canada before January 1, 1966, 
 
 (ii) one and three-tenths percent (1.3 of the Member s Highest Plan Earnings up to the Average Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings multiplied by the Member s DB Pensionable Service in Canada after December 31, 1965, and 
 
 (iii) two percent (2 of the Member s Highest Plan Earnings in excess of the Average Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings multiplied by the Member s DB Pensionable Service in Canada after December 31, 1965, 
 
 less 
 
 (b) the amount of the Member s pension accrued in respect of that Service under the Registered Plans. 
 
 A.2.02 In respect of a Member whose DB Pensionable Service includes Service outside Canada, the Supplemental Benefit shall be an amount, calculated as at the Member s Date of Cessation of Membership, equal to 
 
 (a) two percent (2 of the Member s Highest Plan Earnings multiplied by the Member s DB Pensionable Service 
 
 less 
 
 (b) the sum of 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-5 

 (i) the amount of the Member s pension accrued in respect of that Service under the Registered Plans, 
 
 (ii) the pension, if any, to which the Member is entitled under the applicable Canadian Act, 
 
 (iii) the pension, if any, to which the Member is entitled under the applicable American Act, and 
 
 (iv) the pension, if any, to which the Member is entitled under a pension plan sponsored by the government of a country other than Canada or the United States and to which the Company contributed in respect of the Member. 
 
 A.2.03 
 (a) Paragraph A.2.03(b) shall only apply in the case of a Member who 
 
 (i) was a member of the Executive Plan as of December 31, 2010 
 
 (ii) has completed five (5) years of Pensionable Service and 
 
 (iii) 
 (A) was a member of the Executive Plan as of December 31, 2000 and elected to continue to accrue defined benefits under the Basic Plan as of January 1, 2001 or 
 
 (B) was hired on or after January 1, 2001 and prior to July 1, 2010 as a member of the Company s executive group and elected at the time of such hiring to accrue defined benefits under the Basic Plan. 
 
 (b) For a Member who satisfies the criteria in paragraph A.2.03(a), subject to paragraph A.2.04, where, 
 
 (i) the sum of 
 
 (A) the Member s Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with paragraph A.2.01 or A.2.02, as the case may be, 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-6 

(B) the pension, if any, to which the Member is entitled under the applicable Canadian Act, 
 
 (C) the pension, if any, to which the Member is entitled under the applicable American Act, 
 
 (D) the pension, if any, to which the Member is entitled under a pension plan sponsored by the government of a country other than Canada or the United States and to which the Company contributed in respect of the Member, and 
 
 (E) the Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans in respect of DB Pensionable Service 
 is less than 
 
 (ii) the excess of 
 
 (A) two percent (2 of the Member s Highest Plan Earnings multiplied by the Member s Deemed Pensionable Service, 
 
 over 
 
 (B) two percent (2 of the Member s Deemed Initial Average Earnings multiplied by the Member s Deemed Prior Service, 
 
 the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with paragraph A.2.01 or A.2.02, as the case may be, shall be increased by the amount of the shortfall. 
 
 A.2.04 Upon retirement or termination of employment, a Member who was a member of the Executive Plan as of December 31, 2000 shall, in respect of the Supplemental Benefit determined under Article A.3 or paragraph A.5.01, as applicable, not receive less than such Supplemental Benefit calculated using the provisions in effect as at December 31, 2000 under paragraph 6.03 of the Executive Plan, and in applying those provisions, using 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-7 

 (a) Deemed Pensionable Service as defined in the Executive Plan as of December 31, 2000, including the relevant vesting provisions in respect thereof and 
 
 (b) the Executive Plan early retirement reduction factors in effect as of December 31, 2000. 
 
 A.2.05 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Supplemental Plan, where an Employee 
 
 (a) is transferred to a foreign subsidiary of the Company Foreign Subsidiary ), and immediately following such transfer holds an Eligible Position, 
 
 (b) is subsequently transferred from the Foreign Subsidiary to the Company and immediately upon transferring from the Foreign Subsidiary to the Company commences accruing DB Pensionable Service as a Member, and 
 
 (c) does not, prior to the Date of Cessation of Membership, withdraw any benefit entitlements from any pension plan operated by the Foreign Subsidiary, 
 
 then, for purposes of the Supplemental Plan, 
 
 (d) the Member s cumulative uninterrupted pensionable service while an Employee and while an employee of any Foreign Subsidiary shall be taken into account in determining eligibility for any benefit under the Supplemental Plan, 
 
 (e) if the transfer in subparagraph (a) occurs prior to June 1, 2013 and if the Member was accruing Pensionable Service on a defined benefit basis under the Basic Plan at the time of the transfer in subparagraph (a), then the Member s cumulative uninterrupted pensionable service with the Foreign Subsidiary shall be included in DB Pensionable Service, 
 
 (f) if the transfer in subparagraph (a) occurs on or after June 1, 2013, and if the Member was accruing Pensionable Service on a defined benefit basis under the Registered Plans at the time of the transfer in subparagraph (a), then the Member s cumulative uninterrupted pensionable service with the Foreign Subsidiary shall be included in DB Pensionable Service, 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-8 

(g) if the Member was accruing Pensionable Service on a defined contribution basis under the Basic Plan at the time of transfer in subparagraph (a), then the Member s cumulative uninterrupted pensionable service with the Foreign Subsidiary commencing from the January 1 coincident with or first following the Member s attainment of age 45 shall be included in DB Pensionable Service, and 
 
 (h) the Actuarial Equivalent of any benefits accrued to the Member under the Supplemental Plan shall be reduced by the Actuarial Equivalent of any benefits under any pension plans operated by the Foreign Subsidiary that accrued to the Member in respect of any service included in DB Pensionable Service. 
 
 A.2.06 For the purpose of calculating an amount of Supplemental Benefit under this article, the Member s right to receive a pension under the Registered Plans shall be deemed to have vested in respect of all Pensionable Service under the Registered Plans. 
 
 A.2.07 For greater certainty, in determining the amount of Supplemental Benefit payable under this Article A.2, the amount of pension payable under the Registered Plans shall include any amount payable thereunder to any former Spouse of the Member. 
 
 A.2.08 
 (a) Where a Member ceases to hold an Eligible Position, and the Member does not subsequently hold an Eligible Position, then any benefits to which the Member shall be entitled under the Supplemental Plan shall be determined in accordance with this Section A.2.08. 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Section A.2.08, Demotion Date means the date that the Member ceases to hold an Eligible Position. 
 
 (c) Upon the Member s Date of Cessation of Membership, the Member s benefit from the Supplemental Plan shall be determined as the excess, if any, of (i) over (ii) where 
 
 (i) is the aggregate of the benefits that would have been payable from the Registered Plans and the Supplemental Plan in respect of DB Pensionable Service if the Member had ceased to be a Member as at the Demotion 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-9 

 Date, except that the Member s eligibility for such benefits is to be determined with respect to the Member s age and Pensionable Service as at the Date of Cessation of Membership, and 
 
 (ii) is the portion of the benefits payable from the Registered Plans as at the Date of Cessation of Membership that is in respect of DB Pensionable Service as at the Demotion Date. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-10 

 Article A.3 - Amount of Pension 
 
 A.3.01 A Member or Former Member who retires at the Normal Retirement Date shall be entitled to a Supplemental Benefit equal in amount to 
 
 (a) if the Member or Former Member has no Spouse at the Retirement Date, the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2 
 
 (b) if the Member or Former Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has elected in prescribed form to receive the Supplemental Benefit described in clause A.6.06(a)(i), as adjusted in accordance with paragraph A.6.07 if applicable, the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2 or 
 
 (c) if the Member or Former Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has not elected in the manner referred to in subparagraph (b), the Actuarial Equivalent of the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2. 
 
 A.3.02 
 (a) Subject to subparagraph (c) and paragraph A.3.04, where a Member retires with the Company s consent at an Early Retirement Date and the sum of the Member s age and Pensionable Service is at least eighty five (85) years, the Member is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit equal in amount to 
 
 (i) if the Member has no Spouse at the Retirement Date, the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2, 
 
 (ii) if the Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has elected in prescribed form to receive the Supplemental Benefit described in clause A.6.06(a)(i), as adjusted in accordance with paragraph A.6.07 if applicable, the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2, or 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-11 

 (iii) if the Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has not elected in the manner referred to in clause (ii), the Actuarial Equivalent of the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2. 
 (b) 
 (i) Subject to clause (ii), in all other cases where a Member or Former Member retires at an Early Retirement Date and has at least two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, the Member or Former Member is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the Supplemental Benefit otherwise payable from the Normal Retirement Date. 
 
 (ii) 
 (A) Where an Executive Member retires at an Early Retirement Date and does not satisfy the eligibility requirements under subparagraph A.3.02(a), such Member is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit commencing as of the Member s Early Retirement Date, equal to 
 
 (1) the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2 before the offset for the Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans but calculated without regard to paragraph A.2.04, reduced by one twelfth (1 12) of six percent (6 times the number of complete or partial months, if any, by which the Member s Early Retirement Date precedes his sixtieth (60 th birthday, 
 
 less 
 
 (2) the Executive Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans in respect of DB Pensionable Service commencing as of the Member s Early Retirement Date. 
 
 (B) An Executive Member, other than a U.S. Member, who has not attained age sixty (60) who is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit pursuant to clause (ii)(A) may elect, in lieu thereof, to defer the commencement of his Supplemental Benefit to the last day of any 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-12 

 month between his Early Retirement Date and the month in which his sixtieth (60th) birthday occurs (with payments made monthly in arrears), provided the Member has made identical deferral elections under the Registered Plans. If a Executive Member so elects to defer commencement of his Supplemental Benefit, his Supplemental Benefit shall equal 
 
 (1) the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2 before the offset for the Executive Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans but calculated without regard to paragraph A.2.04, reduced by one-twelfth (1 12) of six percent (6 times the number of complete or partial months by which the Executive Member s pension commences prior to his sixtieth (60 th birthday, 
 
 less 
 
 (2) the Executive Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans in respect of DB Pensionable Service commencing as of the same date. 
 
 (c) Where a Member retires on or after December 31, 2022, the requirement in subparagraph (a) that the Member has attained age fifty-five (55) years is replaced with the requirement that the Member has attained age fifty-seven (57) years. 
 
 A.3.03 A Member who retires at a Late Retirement Date and who has at least two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service shall be entitled to a Supplemental Benefit equal in amount to 
 
 (a) if the Member has no Spouse at the Retirement Date, the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2, 
 
 (b) if the Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has elected in prescribed form to receive the Supplemental Benefit described in clause A.6.06(a)(i), as adjusted in accordance with paragraph A.6.07 if applicable, the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2, 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-13 

(c) if the Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has not elected in the manner referred to in subparagraph (b), the Actuarial Equivalent of the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2. 
 
 A.3.04 An Executive Member who, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, has attained age fifty-five (55) and whose age and Pensionable Service is at least eighty-five (85) years is entitled, upon retirement at an Early Retirement Date, without the need for the Company s consent, to a Supplemental Benefit computed in accordance with the formula in subparagraph A.3.02(a). 
 
 A.3.05 For greater certainty, in determining the amount of Supplemental Benefit payable under Section A.3.02, the amount of pension accrued under the Registered Plans shall include any amount payable thereunder to any former Spouse of the Member. 
 
 A.3.06 
 (a) The Supplemental Plan pension payable to any Pensioner, other than a U.S. Member, of less than seventy (70) years of age who is re-employed by the Company subsequent to the commencement of the pension shall, with the approval of the Pensioner, be suspended during the period of such employment. 
 
 (b) Payment of a pension suspended pursuant to subparagraph (a) shall recommence on the first day of the month following the earlier of 
 
 (i) the day the Pensioner attains the age of seventy (70) years, and 
 
 (ii) termination of the period of employment, 
 
 and the amount of pension payable to the Pensioner shall be increased so that the value of the pension is Actuarially Equivalent to the value of the pension immediately prior to the period of suspension of payment. 
 
 (c) The Retirement Date of a Pensioner shall not be affected by the suspension or consequent adjustment of a pension pursuant to this paragraph. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-14 

 Where a Pensioner whose pension has at any time been suspended pursuant to subparagraph A.3.06(a) dies, the benefit to which the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse is entitled under Article A.6 shall be calculated on the basis of the pension the Pensioner was receiving at the time of death and where the Pensioner dies while employed by the Company, the pension shall be increased as if the Pensioner had terminated employment on the date of death and not died. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-15 

 Article A.4 - Payment of Pension 
 A.4.01 
 (a) Supplemental Benefits payable under this Appendix A shall be paid in monthly instalments by the Company, or following an Event of Default where the Trustee is required to pay Secured Benefits, out of the Trust Fund or otherwise pursuant to the terms of the Trust Agreement or Article A.7. The first instalment paid by the Company shall, unless otherwise determined by the Company, be made on or about the last day of the calendar month following the Member s Retirement Date. Thereafter, instalments made by the Company shall, unless otherwise determined by the Company, be made on or about the last day of each month throughout the lifetime, including the month of death of the Pensioner. 
 
 (b) Following the death of a Pensioner, monthly instalments, determined in accordance with Article A.6, shall be paid to the Pensioner s Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse, as the case may be, if any, commencing with the month following the month of death of the Pensioner, throughout the lifetime, including the month of death, of the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse. 
 
 A.4.02 Optional Forms of Pension 
 
 A Member may, instead of the normal form, elect, prior to the Retirement Date, one of the optional forms of pension specified in this paragraph A.4.02, provided the Member has made an identical election under the Registered Plans. The optional form of pension shall be Actuarially Equivalent to the applicable normal form of pension described in Article A.3 and paragraph A.4.01. 
 
 (a) Life Annuity with a Guaranteed Period 
 
 A Member who does not have a Spouse at his Retirement Date may elect a reduced amount of lifetime pension with a guaranteed term of either 120 or 180 months. For greater clarity, in the event the Member dies prior to the end of such guaranteed term, the remaining guaranteed period and payments shall be completed prior to any payments pursuant to subparagraph A.6.06(b). 
 
 (b) Life Annuity Continuing to Spouse 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-16 

 A Member who has a Spouse at his Retirement Date may elect a reduced amount of pension in a joint and survivor form on the lives of the Member and Spouse. Following the death of the Member, sixty per cent (60 ), eighty per cent (80 ), or one hundred per cent (100 ), as elected by the Member, is payable to the Spouse if surviving, during the continued lifetime of the Spouse. 
 
 (c) An election to receive an optional form of retirement pension under this paragraph may be revoked or changed provided either 
 
 (i) written notice of such revocation or change is received from the Member by the Company at least 30 days prior to payment of the first instalment of the pension benefit or 
 
 (ii) the Spouse under a surviving spouse option has died prior to payment of the first instalment of the pension benefit to the Member. 
 
 A.4.03 Effective for Supplemental Benefits which are payable to or with respect to a U.S. Member, such Supplemental Benefits shall be payable pursuant to Appendix B hereto, and paragraphs A.4.01 through A.4.02 shall not apply to such benefits. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-17 

 Article A.5 - Termination of Employment 
 
 A.5.01 
 (a) On termination of employment, a Member who has at least two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit equal to the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Member s Pension Accrued to the Date of Cessation of Membership, adjusted in accordance with subparagraph A.7.01(b). 
 
 (b) In lieu of the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with subparagraph (a), if the Member has made an election under the Registered Plans to receive a pension in lieu of a lump sum, the Member shall receive a Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2, commencing at the Member s Normal Retirement Date. 
 
 (c) For greater certainty, except following termination of the Supplemental Plan, if, on termination of employment, a Member has less than two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, the Member is not entitled to any Supplemental Benefit under the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 (d) Subject to paragraph A.5.04, in the event an Executive Member s employment is terminated involuntarily without cause, the Company may, at the sole discretion of the President of the Company, 
 
 (i) if such Executive Member s termination occurs prior to his attainment of age fifty-five (55), permit the Executive Member to receive a Supplemental Benefit commencing on the last day of the month in which the Executive Member attains his sixtieth (60 th birthday (with payments made monthly in arrears) equal to 
 
 (A) the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2 before the offset for the Executive Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans but calculated without regard to paragraph A.2.04, 
 
 less 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-18 

(B) the Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans commencing as of the same date, 
 
 or a reduced Supplemental Benefit commencing on the last day of any month between his fifty fifth (55 th and sixtieth (60 th birthdays (with payments made monthly in arrears) equal to 
 
 (C) the Supplemental Benefit calculated in accordance with Article A.2 before the offset for the Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans but calculated without regard to paragraph A.2.04, reduced by one-twelfth (1 12) of six percent (6 times the number of complete or partial months by which the Member s Supplemental Benefit commences prior to his sixtieth (60 th birthday, 
 
 less 
 
 (D) the Member s pension accrued under the Registered Plans commencing as of the same date or 
 
 (ii) If such Member has less than five (5) years of Pensionable Service, waive the five (5) year vesting requirement described in clause A.2.03(a)(ii) when calculating the Member s Supplemental Benefit in accordance with Article A.2. 
 
 A.5.02 In this Article, termination of employment means cessation of membership in the Supplemental Plan other than by retirement or death. 
 
 A.5.03 No Supplemental Benefit to which the Member is entitled under this Article shall be paid otherwise than as a pension, or in accordance with Article A.7. 
 
 A.5.04 Executive Members who, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, have not attained age fifty-five (55) and who are subsequently involuntarily terminated without cause as a consequence of the Change in Control and prior to attainment of age fifty-five (55) are 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-19 

 entitled to a Supplemental Benefit computed in accordance with clause A.5.01(d)(i) without the need for the exercise of discretion by the President of the Company. 
 
 A.5.05 Supplemental Benefits which are payable to or with respect to a U.S. Member shall be payable pursuant to Appendix B hereto, and paragraphs A.5.01 through A.5.03 shall not apply. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-20 

 Article A.6 - Death Benefits 
 
 A.6.01 
 (a) Where a Member dies before becoming eligible for early retirement, the Member is deemed to have terminated Service on the date of death and, provided that the Member had at least two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, the Spouse is entitled to receive the Supplemental Benefit as a lump sum calculated in accordance with subparagraph A.5.01(a). 
 
 (b) In lieu of the benefit provided for in subparagraph (a), if the Spouse has made an election under the Registered Plans to receive a pension in lieu of a lump sum, the Spouse shall receive the Supplemental Benefit as a pension commencing at Normal Retirement Date that is Actuarially Equivalent to that benefit. 
 
 A.6.02 
 (a) Where a Member dies before becoming eligible for early retirement and has at least fifteen (15) years of Pensionable Service and the sum of the Member s age and Pensionable Service is at least sixty (60) years, the Spouse shall receive, in lieu of the benefit provided for in paragraph A.6.01, a Supplemental Benefit that is the greater of 
 
 (i) the lump sum calculated in accordance with subparagraph A.5.01(a), and 
 
 (ii) fifty percent (50 of the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Member s Pension Accrued to the Date of Cessation of Membership, calculated as if payable to the Spouse from the end of the month of death. 
 
 (b) In lieu of the Supplemental Benefit provided for in subparagraph (a), if the Spouse has made an election under the Registered Plans to receive a pension in lieu of a lump sum, the Spouse shall receive a pension payable from the end of the month of death that is Actuarially Equivalent to that benefit. 
 
 A.6.03 Where a Former Member dies before becoming eligible for early retirement, the Spouse is entitled to receive a Supplemental Benefit payable as a pension commencing at Normal Retirement Date that is Actuarially Equivalent to the lump sum calculated in accordance with subparagraph A.5.01(a). 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-21 

A.6.04 Where a Member or Former Member dies after becoming eligible for early retirement, but before retirement, the Spouse is entitled to receive a Supplemental Benefit payable as a pension equal to sixty per cent (60 of the aggregate pension from the Registered Plans and the Supplemental Plan less the amount paid from the Registered Plans that the Member or Former Member would have been entitled to receive had the Member or Former Member elected to retire on the date of death. 
 
 A.6.05 Where a Member dies after becoming eligible for early retirement, but before retirement, and had at least fifteen (15) years of Pensionable Service and the sum of the Member s age and Pensionable Service is at least sixty (60) years, the Spouse shall receive, in lieu of the benefit provided for in paragraph A.6.04, a Supplemental Benefit that is the greater of 
 
 (a) the pension calculated in accordance with paragraph A.6.04, 
 
 and 
 
 (b) a pension equal to fifty per cent (50 of the Member s Pension Accrued to the Date of Cessation of Membership. 
 
 A.6.06 
 (a) Where a Pensioner dies, the Spouse of the Pensioner at the Retirement Date is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit equal to, 
 
 (i) if the Spouse elected in prescribed form in accordance with Article A.3, fifty per cent (50 of the pension that the Pensioner was receiving, or 
 
 (ii) if the Spouse did not elect in prescribed form in accordance with Article A.3, then, sixty per cent (60 ), or eighty per cent (80 ), or one hundred per cent (100 of the pension the Pensioner was receiving as elected by the Pensioner under paragraph A.4.02(b) 
 
 provided however, that if such Spouse and the Pensioner were parties to a valid agreement or court order determining their entitlement to pension assets effective 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-22 

 as of divorce, annulment or separation, the Spouse s entitlement to the pension assets shall be determined by the agreement or court order. 
 
 (b) Where a Pensioner dies and the Pensioner 
 
 (i) had no Spouse at the Retirement Date, 
 
 (ii) had a Spouse at the Retirement Date whose entitlement in respect of the Pensioner s pension assets was determined by a valid agreement or court order effective as of divorce, annulment or separation, or 
 
 (iii) had a Spouse at the Retirement Date who predeceased the Pensioner, 
 
 the Pensioner s Post-Retirement Spouse is entitled to a pension equal to fifty per cent (50 of the pension that the Pensioner was receiving and of any pension payable to the Pensioner s Spouse that ceased being payable to the Spouse on the death of the Pensioner, subject, however, to any continuing entitlement of the Spouse at Retirement Date to the Pensioner s pension assets pursuant to a valid agreement or court order effective as of divorce, annulment or separation. 
 
 A.6.07 Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in this Article, where a Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse, as the case may be, has elected to receive, or will by operation of this Article receive, a pension or a lump sum under clause A.6.02(a)(ii), subparagraph A.6.05(b), clause A.6.06(a)(i) or subparagraph A.6.06(b) and the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse, as the case may be, is more than ten (10) years younger than the Pensioner, the pension or lump sum to the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse shall be reduced by one per cent (1 for each complete year of difference in their ages beyond ten (10) years and the reduction in respect of any remaining portion of a year of difference shall be calculated proportionately. 
 
 A.6.08 No Supplemental Benefit to which a Spouse is entitled under this Article shall be paid otherwise than 
 
 (a) as a pension, or 
 
 (b) in accordance with Article A.7. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-23 

A.6.09 Supplemental Benefits which are payable to or with respect to a U.S. Member shall be payable pursuant to Appendix B hereto, and paragraphs A.6.01 through A.6.08 shall not apply. 
 
 A.6.10 Where a Member has been diagnosed to be terminally ill with a life expectancy of one year or less and the Company s Chief Medical Officer or his designate provides to the Company a written report that he concurs with the life expectancy of one year or less, then notwithstanding paragraph 3.03, Article A.3 and Article A.5, the following provisions apply 
 
 (a) If the Member has reached the Normal Retirement Date or has accrued ten (10) or more years of Pensionable Service, the Member may elect to retire effective the last day of any month following the date the Company s Chief Medical Officer provides his report, the effective date of the Member s election to retire shall be the Member s Retirement Date under the Supplemental Plan, and the Member shall receive a pension equal in amount to 
 
 (i) if the Member has no Spouse at the Retirement Date, the pension calculated in accordance with Article A.2, 
 
 (ii) if the Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has elected in prescribed form to receive the benefit described in clause A.6.06(a)(i), and adjusted if applicable in accordance with paragraph A.6.07, the pension calculated in accordance with Article A.2, 
 
 (iii) if the Member has a Spouse at the Retirement Date and the Spouse has not elected in the manner referred to in clause A.6.06(a)(i), the Actuarial Equivalent of the pension calculated in accordance with clause (ii), payable in accordance with clause A.6.06(a)(ii) or, if the Member elects an optional form of payment, in accordance with paragraph A.4.02. 
 
 (b) In lieu of the pension provided in subparagraph (a), the Member may elect a transfer in accordance with Article A.7 equal to the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of such pension, subject to the condition that if the Member has a Spouse, the Spouse must elect in prescribed form to waive his her right to any 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-24 

 benefit from the Supplemental Plan. The Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value shall be calculated taking into account the actual marital status of the Member and paragraphs A.6.06 and A.6.07 but not taking into account the Member s life expectancy being one year or less. 
 
 (c) If the Member has not reached the Normal Retirement Date and has not accrued ten (10) or more years of Pensionable Service, the Member may elect to cease membership in the Supplemental Plan on any date following the date the Company s Chief Medical Officer provides his report, the effective date of the Member s election shall be the Member s Date of Cessation of Membership under the Supplemental Plan regardless of whether the Member has ceased to be an Employee, and the Member shall be entitled to a transfer in accordance with Article A.7 equal to the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Member s Pension Accrued and payable commencing at the Member s Normal Retirement Date, subject to the condition that if the Member has a Spouse, the Spouse must elect in prescribed form to waive his her right to any benefit from the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 In all cases, an Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value calculated in this paragraph A.6.10 shall not be less than the value of any benefits that the Member would be eligible to receive under Article A.3 or Article A.5 at his Retirement Date or Date of Cessation of Membership. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-25 

 Article A.7 - Portability 
 A.7.01 
 (a) A Member, other than a U.S. Member, who 
 
 (i) is entitled to a Supplemental Benefit in accordance with Article A.3, Article A.5 or paragraph A.6.10 and 
 
 (ii) has elected under the Registered Plans to transfer the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the Registered Plans benefit to which he is entitled, 
 
 shall be required to receive the Supplemental Benefit described in clause (i) by way of an Actuarial Equivalent lump sum cash payment. No lump sum shall be paid in respect of a Member before the payment of any corresponding lump sum to which a Former Member or Spouse is entitled under the Registered Plans has been paid. 
 
 (b) The calculation of the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum described in subparagraph (a) shall include an adjustment for the accelerated taxation of such lump sum benefit, determined in accordance with the administrative practice adopted by the Company. 
 
 (c) For a Member for whom clause A.5.01(d)(i) applies, the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum described in subparagraph (a) shall equal the Actuarial Equivalent of the reduced pension to which the Member is entitled if such pension were to commence on the last day of the month in which he attains age fifty-five (55) (with payments made monthly in arrears). 
 
 A.7.02 Except where an Event of Default has occurred, no lump sum shall be paid in respect of a Member before the payment of any corresponding lump sum to which a Former Member or Spouse is entitled under the Registered Plans has been paid. 
 
 A.7.03 The Former Member or Spouse shall notify the Company of any direction as to the application of any lump sum under this Article. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-26 

 A.7.04 Interest shall be paid on any amount paid in accordance with this Article A.7 from the day following the Date of Cessation of Membership to the last day of the month preceding the month in which the amount is paid. 
 
 A.7.05 The sex of a Member or Former Member or of that person s Spouse shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of any benefit to which the Member or Former Member or that person s Spouse becomes entitled under the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 A.7.06 The payment of the Supplemental Benefit in the form of a lump sum shall serve as a full discharge of all rights of the Member to benefits under the Supplemental Plan. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix A 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page A-27 

 Article A.8 - Indexation 
 
 A.8.01 This Article shall apply to Pensioners, Spouses and Post-Retirement Spouses who, on the first day of January of any year, are 
 
 (a) Pensioners who as of December 31st of the immediately preceding year have reached the age of sixty-five (65) and have been retired for at least five (5) years, 
 
 (b) Spouses or Post-Retirement Spouses, as the case may be, of deceased Pensioners who, had they not died, would have been Pensioners described in subparagraph (a), and 
 
 (c) Spouses of Members who died in Service, who as of December 31st of the immediately preceding year, have been deceased for at least five (5) years and, had they not died, would have reached the age of sixty-five (65). 
 
 A.8.02 On the first day of January of each year the pensions then payable to all persons to whom this Article applies shall be increased in accordance with paragraph A.8.03. 
 
 A.8.03 The amount by which any pension shall be increased shall be calculated by multiplying 
 
 (a) the lesser of 
 
 (i) fifty per cent (50 of the annual rate of increase in the Consumer Price Index during the twelve (12) month period ending on the immediately preceding September 30th, and 
 
 (ii) three per cent (3 
 
 by 
 
 (b) 75 of the amount of pension then payable under the Supplemental Plan in respect of DB Pensionable Service on and after January 1, 2001. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-1 

 Appendix B - Special Provisions for U.S. Members 
 
 The provisions of Appendix B shall apply to U.S. Members in respect of a period of Pensionable Service that is subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the U.S. Code and shall apply notwithstanding any other provision of the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 Article B.1 - Defined Contribution Provision 
 
 B.1.01 Notwithstanding Article 6, the lump sum cash payment pursuant to such article to a DC Member who is a U.S. Member shall be paid within 30 days after the date on which such DC Member has a Separation from Service. 
 
 B.1.02 Notwithstanding Article 7, the lump sum cash payment pursuant to such article to a DC Member who is a U.S. Member shall be paid within 30 days after the date on which such DC Member has a Separation from Service. 
 
 B.1.03 Notwithstanding Article 8, the lump sum cash payment pursuant to such article to the Spouse or Designated Beneficiary (as defined in the Basic Plan) of a DC Member who is a U.S. Member shall be paid within 30 days after the date of the DC Member s death. 
 
 Article B.2 - Payment of Defined Benefit Pension 
 
 B.2.01 
 (a) A U.S. Member whose Separation from Service occurs on or after age 55 shall be entitled to payment of his or her Pension Accrued as of the date of such Separation from Service, payable in monthly instalments by the Company. Subject to paragraph B.2.05, the first instalment paid by the Company shall be made on (or within 10 days after) the last day of the calendar month following the date of the U.S. Member s Separation from Service. Thereafter, instalments made by the Company shall be made on (or within 10 days after) the last day of each month throughout the lifetime, including the month of death, of the U.S. Member. 
 
 (b) Following the death of a Pensioner, monthly instalments, determined in accordance with Article A.6, shall be paid to the Pensioner s Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse, as the case may be, if any, commencing with the month 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-2 

 following the month of death of the Pensioner, throughout the lifetime, including the month of death, of the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse. 
 
 B.2.02 
 (a) Pension benefits, pension benefit credits and any other benefits under this Supplemental Plan shall on divorce, annulment or separation be subject to applicable state property law. 
 
 (b) All or part of a U.S. Member s pension benefit, pension benefit credit or any other benefit under the Supplemental Plan may be assigned to the U.S. Member s spouse by court order pursuant to applicable state property law. 
 
 (c) Where all or part of a pension benefit of a U.S. Member is required to be distributed to the U.S. Member s spouse under a court order, the pension benefit may be adjusted so that it becomes payable as two separate pensions, one to the U.S. Member and the other to the U.S. Member s spouse, provided that the aggregate of the actuarial present value of the two pensions is not less than the actuarial present value of the pension benefit. 
 
 (d) The aggregate of 
 
 (i) the actuarial present value of the pension benefit or other benefit paid to a U.S. Member, and 
 
 (ii) the actuarial present value of the pension benefit or other benefit paid to the spouse of the U.S. Member pursuant to this paragraph shall not be greater than the actuarial present value of the pension benefit or other benefit, as the case may be, that would have been payable to the U.S. Member had the divorce, annulment or separation not occurred. The actuarial present value shall be determined by the Actuary in accordance with generally accepted actuarial principles for the computation of transfer values from registered pension plans, including the adjustment described in paragraph A.7.01(b). 
 
 B.2.03 Optional Forms of Pension 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-3 

 A U.S. Member may, instead of the normal form of pension, elect, prior to the Retirement Date, one of the optional forms of pension specified in this paragraph. The optional form of pension shall be actuarially equivalent (within the meaning of regulations under Section 409A of the U.S. Code) to the applicable normal form of pension described in Article A.3 and paragraph A.4.01. 
 
 (a) Life Annuity with a Guaranteed Period 
 
 A U.S. Member who does not have a Spouse at his or her Retirement Date may elect a reduced amount of lifetime pension with a guaranteed term of either 120 or 180 months. For greater clarity, in the event the U.S. Member dies prior to the end of such guaranteed term, the remaining guaranteed period and payments shall be completed prior to any payments pursuant to subparagraph B.4.05(b). 
 
 (b) Life Annuity Continuing to Spouse 
 
 A U.S. Member who has a Spouse at his or her Retirement Date may elect a reduced amount of pension in a joint and survivor form on the lives of the U.S. Member and Spouse. Following the death of the U.S. Member, a percentage of the pension, either 80 or 100 , as elected by the U.S. Member, is payable to the Spouse if surviving, during the continued lifetime of the Spouse. 
 
 (c) An election to receive an optional form of retirement pension under this section may be revoked or changed, provided either 
 
 (i) written notice of such revocation or change is received from the U.S. Member by the Company at least 30 days prior to payment of the first instalment of the pension benefit or 
 
 (ii) the Spouse under a surviving spouse option has died prior to payment of the first instalment of the pension benefit to the U.S. Member. 
 
 B.2.04 In accordance with procedures prescribed by the Company and the transition rule set forth in IRS Notice 2005-1, Q&A-19(c), and extended in the preamble to regulations proposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Code, IRS Notice 2006-79 and IRS Notice 2007-86, which permits Members in deferred compensation plans to change the date on 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-4 

 which deferred compensation is payable, each person who is a U.S. Member as of December 31, 2008 shall be permitted to make an election prior to December 31, 2008 to receive his or her pension benefit at the time and in the manner elected by such U.S. Member in accordance with this paragraph 
 
 (a) If the U.S. Member has attained age 55 as of December 31, 2008, such U.S. Member may elect one of the following payment options 
 
 (i) a pension commencing on the date of the U.S. Member s Separation from Service, reduced in accordance with all applicable early retirement reduction factors and payable in the normal form under the Supplemental Plan, unless prior to the commencement of such pension benefit the U.S. Member elects one of the pension alternatives set forth in paragraph B.2.03 which is the actuarial equivalent (within the meaning of regulations under Section 409A of the U.S. Code) to the normal form of pension benefit, or 
 
 (ii) a lump sum payment, payable within 30 days after the U.S. Member s Separation from Service, in an amount equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the U.S. Member s Pension Accrued as of the date of such Separation from Service. 
 
 (b) If the U.S. Member has not attained age 55 as of December 31, 2008, such U.S. Member may elect one of the following payment options that will apply if the U.S. Member s Separation from Service occurs on or after age 55 
 
 (i) a pension commencing on the date of the U.S. Member s Separation from Service, reduced in accordance with all applicable early retirement reduction factors and payable in the normal form under the Supplemental Plan, unless prior to the commencement of such pension benefit the U.S. Member elects one of the pension alternatives set forth in paragraph B.2.03. which is the actuarial equivalent (within the meaning of regulations under Section 409A of the U.S. Code) to the normal form of pension benefit, or 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-5 

 (ii) a lump sum payment, payable within 30 days after the U.S. Member s Separation from Service, in an amount equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the U.S. Member s Pension Accrued as of the date of such Separation from Service. 
 
 (c) If a U.S. Member does not make an election pursuant to this subparagraph (a) or (b), then such U.S. Member s pension shall be paid in accordance with paragraph B.2.01. 
 
 B.2.05 Pursuant to Section 409A of the U.S. Code, if a U.S. Member is a specified employee, within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Code, as of the date of such U.S. Member s Separation from Service, then no payments with respect to such U.S. Member s benefit that are payable upon such U.S. Member s Separation from Service shall be made prior to the six-month anniversary of such Separation from Service, and all payments that would have been paid during such six-month period shall instead be paid during the first month beginning after such six-month anniversary, and all subsequent payments, if any, shall be paid in accordance with paragraph B.2.01, B.2.03 or B.2.04, as applicable. If a U.S. Member dies following the U.S. Member s separation from service but prior to the commencement of payments pursuant to this paragraph B.2.05, the amount that would have been paid to the U.S. Member prior to the date of death, without regard to the six-month delay in payment pursuant to this paragraph B.2.05, shall be paid to the U.S. Member s Spouse or estate within ninety (90) days after the date of the U.S. Member s death, and all payments after the date of death shall be paid in accordance with Article B.4. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-6 

 Article B.3 - Defined Benefit Entitlements on Termination of Employment 
 
 B.3.01 
 (a) A U.S. Member who has at least two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service and whose Separation from Service occurs prior to age 55 shall be entitled to a lump sum payment within 30 days after the date of such Separation from Service, in an amount equal to the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the U.S. Member s Pension Accrued to the date of such Separation from Service. 
 
 (b) For greater certainty, except following termination of the Supplemental Plan, if, on termination of employment, a U.S. Member has less than two (2) years of Pensionable Service, the U.S. Member is not entitled to any benefit under the Supplemental Plan. 
 
 (c) Subject to subparagraph (d), in the event a U.S. Member s employment is terminated involuntarily without cause, the Company may, at the sole discretion of the President of the Company, if such U.S. Member has less than five (5) years of Pensionable Service, waive the five (5) year vesting requirement described in clause A.2.03(a)(ii) when calculating the U.S. Member s pension in accordance with Article A.2. 
 
 (d) Members who, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, have not attained age fifty-five (55) and who are subsequently involuntarily terminated without cause as a consequence of the Change in Control and prior to attainment of age fifty-five (55) shall be entitled to the pension described in subparagraph B.3.01(c) without the need for the exercise of discretion by the President of the Company. 
 
 B.3.02 In accordance with procedures prescribed by the Company and the transition rule set forth in IRS Notice 2005-1, Q&A-19(c), and extended in the preamble to regulations proposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Code, IRS Notice 2006-79 and IRS Notice 2007-86, which permits Members in deferred compensation plans to change the date on which deferred compensation is payable, each person who is a U.S. Member as of December 31, 2008 and who has not attained age 55 as of December 31, 2008, may elect 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-7 

 one of the following payment options that will apply if the U.S. Member s Separation from Service occurs prior to age 55 
 
 (a) a pension commencing on the date on which the U.S. Member attains age 65 payable in the normal form under the Supplemental Plan, unless prior to the commencement of such pension benefit the U.S. Member elects one of the pension alternatives set forth in paragraph B.2.03. which is the actuarial equivalent (within the meaning of regulations under Section 409A of the U.S. Code) to the normal form of pension benefit and which commences at age 65, or 
 
 (b) a lump sum payment, payable within 30 days after the U.S. Member s Separation from Service, in an amount equal to the Actuarial Equivalent of the U.S. Member s Pension Accrued as of the date of such Separation from Service. 
 
 If a U.S. Member does not make an election pursuant to this paragraph B.3.02, then such U.S. Member s pension shall be paid in accordance with paragraph B.3.01. 
 
 B.3.03 Pursuant to Section 409A of the U.S. Code, if a U.S. Member is a specified employee, within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Code, as of the date of such U.S. Member s Separation from Service, then any lump sum payment that is payable upon such U.S. Member s Separation from Service shall not be made until the first month beginning after the six-month anniversary of such Separation from Service. If a U.S. Member dies following the U.S. Member s Separation from Service but prior to the payment pursuant to this paragraph B.3.03, the amount that would have been paid to the U.S. Member prior to the date of death, without regard to the six-month delay in payment pursuant to this paragraph B.3.03, shall be paid to the U.S. Member s Spouse or estate within ninety (90) days after the date of the U.S. Member s death. 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-8 

 Article B.4 - Defined Benefit Death Benefits 
 
 B.4.01 Where a U.S. Member dies prior to attaining age 55, the U.S. Member is deemed to have had a Separation from Service on the date of death and, provided that the U.S. Member had at least two (2) continuous years of Pensionable Service, the Spouse is entitled to receive the lump sum calculated in accordance with paragraph B.3.01. 
 
 B.4.02 Where a U.S. Member dies prior to attaining age 55 and has at least fifteen (15) years of Pensionable Service and the sum of the U.S. Member s age and Pensionable Service is at least sixty (60) years, the Spouse shall receive, in lieu of the benefit provided for in paragraph B.4.01, the greater of 
 
 (a) the lump sum calculated in accordance with paragraph B.3.01, and 
 
 (b) fifty percent (50 of the Actuarial Equivalent lump sum value of the U.S. Member s Pension Accrued to the Date of Cessation of Membership, calculated as if payable to the Spouse from the end of the month of death . 
 
 B.4.03 Where a U.S. Member dies after attaining age 55, the Spouse is entitled to receive a pension equal to sixty per cent (60 of the pension that the U.S. Member would have been entitled to receive had the U.S. Member had a Separation from Service on the date of death. 
 
 B.4.04 Where a U.S. Member dies after attaining 55, and had at least fifteen (15) years of Pensionable Service and the sum of the U.S. Member s age and Pensionable Service is at least sixty (60) years, the Spouse shall receive, in lieu of the benefit provided for in paragraph B.4.03, the greater of 
 
 (a) the pension calculated in accordance with paragraph B.4.03, and 
 
 (b) a pension equal to fifty per cent (50 of the U.S. Member s Pension Accrued to the Date of Cessation of Membership. 
 
 B.4.05 
 (a) Where a Pensioner, who was a U.S. Member at the time of retirement, dies, the Spouse of the Pensioner at the Retirement Date is entitled to a pension equal to, 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-9 

(i) if the Spouse elected in prescribed form in accordance with Article A.3, fifty per cent (50 of the pension that the Pensioner was receiving, or 
 
 (ii) if the Spouse did not elect in prescribed form in accordance with Article A.3, sixty per cent (60 of the pension that the Pensioner was receiving 
 
 provided however, that if such Spouse and the Pensioner were parties to a valid court order determining their entitlement to pension assets effective as of divorce, annulment or separation, the Spouse s entitlement to the pension assets shall be determined by the court order. 
 
 (b) Where a Pensioner, who was a U.S. Member at the time of retirement, dies and the Pensioner 
 
 (i) had no Spouse at the Retirement Date, 
 
 (ii) had a Spouse at the Retirement Date whose entitlement in respect of the Pensioner s pension assets was determined by a valid court order effective as of divorce, annulment or separation, or 
 
 (iii) had a Spouse at the Retirement Date who predeceased the Pensioner, 
 
 the Pensioner s Post-Retirement Spouse is entitled to a pension equal to fifty per cent (50 of the pension that the Pensioner was receiving and of any pension payable to the Pensioner s Spouse that ceased being payable to the Spouse on the death of the Pensioner, subject, however, to any continuing entitlement of the Spouse at Retirement Date to the Pensioner s pension assets pursuant to a valid court order effective as of divorce, annulment or separation. 
 
 B.4.06 Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in this Article B.4, where a Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse, as the case may be, will by operation of this Article receive a pension or a lump sum under clause B.4.02(b), subparagraph B.4.04(b), clause B.4.05(a)(i) or subparagraph B.4.05(b) and the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse, as the case may be, is more than ten (10) years younger than the Pensioner, the pension or lump sum to the Spouse or Post-Retirement Spouse shall be reduced by one per cent (1 for 

Canadian Pacific Railway Company 
 Supplemental Retirement Plan Appendix B 
 Effective January 1, 2011 Page B-10 

 each complete year of difference in their ages beyond ten (10) years and the reduction in respect of any remaining portion of a year of difference shall be calculated proportionately. 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.77>
 3
 exhibit107710-k2022.htm
 EX-10.77

Document 

Exhibit 10.77 
 
 AMENDMENT NUMBER 18 
 
 TO THE CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY PENSION PLAN 
 
 CONSOLIDATED AS AT JANUARY 1, 2009 
 
 AMENDMENTS EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2023 
 
 1. Delete paragraph 2.27.1 and replace it with the following 
 
 2.27.1 Indexing Percentage 
 
 Indexing Percentage means 
 
 (a) In respect of the USW Service of a Member 
 
 (i) whose Last Date of Hire is prior to January 1, 2021, and 
 
 (ii) whose Date of Cessation of Membership is on or after January 1, 2021 and prior to January 1, 2023, 
 
 60 
 
 (b) In respect of the USW Service of a Member 
 
 (i) whose Last Date of Hire is on or after January 1, 2021 and prior to January 1, 2022, and 
 
 (ii) whose Date of Cessation of Membership is on or after January 1, 2022 and prior to January 1, 2023, 
 
 60 
 
 (c) In respect of the USW Service of a Member 
 
 (i) whose Last Date of Hire is prior to January 1, 2023, and 
 
 (ii) whose Date of Cessation of Membership is on or after January 1, 2023, 
 
 70 and 
 
 (d) In respect of all other periods of Pensionable Service, 50 . 
 
 2. Delete subparagraph 5.01(a) and replace it with the following 
 
 (a) Every Member 
 
 (i) who is a Canadian Employee 
 
 (ii) whose Last Date of Hire is prior to the Pension Limit Date applicable to the Union Service or Management Service they are currently accruing and 
 
 (iii) who is accruing Pensionable Service, 

shall contribute to the Fund in accordance with the percentages set out in the table below 
 
 Periods of Pensionable Service Earnings that Do Not Exceed the Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings Earnings that Exceed the Year s Maximum Pensionable Earnings TCRC-MWED 5.45 7.03 CPPA 5.67 7.25 USW 5.67 7.25 IBEW 5.67 7.25 Unifor 5.48 6.98 TCRC-RTE 6.94 7.23 RCTC 5.48 6.98 Management 3.50 5.50 
 
 3. Clause 8.01(b)(iii) is deleted and replaced with the following 
 
 (iii) multiplied by the applicable percentage determined from the following table 
 
 Period of 
 Pensionable Service 
 If Member s last date of hire was before then the following percentage is used If Member s last date of hire is on or after then the following percentage is used TCRC-MWED Service June 1, 2013 1.80 June 1, 2013 1.70 CPPA June 1, 2013 1.80 June 1, 2013 1.70 USW Service January 1, 2023 1.90 January 1, 2023 1.70 IBEW Service January 1, 2023 1.80 January 1, 2023 1.70 Unifor Service May 1, 2015 1.80 May 1, 2015 1.70 TCRC-RTE Service January 1, 2023 1.80 January 1, 2023 1.70 RCTC Service June 1, 2013 1.80 June 1, 2013 1.70 Management Service June 1, 2013 1.30 June 1, 2013 1.30 
 
 4. Delete subparagraph 8.08(a) and replace it with the following 
 
 (a) Pension Limit Date, Prior Pension Limit, and Future Pension Limit are the dates and amounts, as applicable, set out in the table below 
 
 1 2 3 Period of Pensionable Service Pension Limit Date Prior Pension Limit Future Pension Limit TCRC-MWED Service June 1, 2013 1,975 1,715 CPPA Service June 1, 2013 1,975 1,715 USW Service January 1, 2023 1,975 1,715 IBEW Service January 1, 2023 2,175 1,715 Unifor Service May 1, 2015 2,050 1,715 TCRC-RTE Service January 1, 2023 2,250 1,715 

RCTC Service June 1, 2013 2,200 1,715 Management Service June 1, 2013 1,975 1,715 

</EX-10.77>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-subsidiariesoft.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Significant Subsidiaries 
 
 The following list sets out CPRL s significant subsidiaries, including the jurisdiction of incorporation. 
 Significant subsidiary Incorporated under the laws of Canadian Pacific Railway Company Canada 6061338 Canada Inc. Canada 3939804 Canada Inc. Canada Cygnus Canadian Holding Company Limited Canada CP (US) Holding Corporation Delaware Cygnus Holding Corporation Delaware Soo Line Corporation Minnesota Soo Line Railroad Company Minnesota CPFL S. .r.l. Luxembourg CPFS AG Switzerland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 5
 exhibit221q42022.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 List of Issuers and Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 As of the date of the filing of the Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, a corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada (the Registrant has guaranteed each of the following securities issued by Canadian Pacific Railway Company, a corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant (the Issuer subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended 
 
 - The Issuer s 4.450 notes due March 2023 
 - The Issuer s 1.350 notes due December 2024 
 - The Issuer s 2.900 notes due February 2025 
 - The Issuer s 3.700 notes due February 2026 
 - The Issuer s 1.750 notes due December 2026 
 - The Issuer s 4.000 notes due June 2028 
 - The Issuer s 2.050 notes due March 2030 
 - The Issuer s 7.125 notes due October 2031 
 - The Issuer s 2.450 notes due December 2031 
 - The Issuer s 5.750 notes due March 2033 
 - The Issuer s 4.800 notes due September 2035 
 - The Issuer s 5.950 notes due May 2037 
 - The Issuer s 3.000 notes due December 2041 
 - The Issuer s 5.750 notes due January 2042 
 - The Issuer s 4.800 notes due August 2045 
 - The Issuer s 3.100 notes due December 2051 
 - The Issuer s 6.125 notes due September 2115 
 - The Issuer s Perpetual 4 Consolidated Debenture Stock denominated in U.S. dollars and 
 - The Issuer s Perpetual 4 Consolidated Debenture Stock denominated in British Pounds Sterling. 
 
 The above list does not include the following guaranteed securities issued under Canadian securities laws, as the following guaranteed securities are not subject to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 
 
 - The Issuer s 1.589 notes due November 2023 
 - The Issuer s 2.540 notes due February 2028 
 - The Issuer s 3.150 notes due March 2029 
 - The Issuer s 6.450 notes due November 2039 and 
 - The Issuer s 3.050 notes due March 2050. 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit23110-k2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No.333-13962, 333-127943, 333-140955, 333-183891, 333-183892, 333-183893, 333-188826, 333-188827 and 333-208647) of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, and 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form F-10 No. 333-257215) of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 Calgary, Canada 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 exhibit23210-k2022.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Forms S-8 (No. 333-13962, 333-127943, 333-140955, 333-183891, 333-183892, 333-183893, 333-188826, 333-188827 and 333-208647) and Form F-10 (333-257215) of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited of our report dated February 3, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Kansas City Southern, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 8
 exhibit23310-k2022.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 

Exhibit 23.3 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-13962, 333-127943, 333-140955, 333-183891, 333-183892, 333-183893, 333-188826, 333-188827 and 333-208647 on Form S-8, and Registration Statement No. 333-257215 on Form F-10 of our report dated February 23, 2022, relating to the financial statements of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants 
 Calgary, Canada 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrants filed pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 I, Keith Creel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s KEITH CREEL Keith Creel President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrants filed pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 I, Nadeem Velani, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s NADEEM VELANI Nadeem Velani Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certifications Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report to which this certificate is an exhibit, I, Keith Creel, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s KEITH CREEL Keith Creel President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certifications Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report to which this certificate is an exhibit, I, Nadeem Velani, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 s NADEEM VELANI Nadeem Velani Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 13
 exhibit99110-k2022.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

Kansas City Southern 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020 
 
 With Report of Independent Auditor 

Kansas City Southern 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting as of and for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (PCAOB ID 238) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the Three Years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the Three Years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the Three Years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for each of the Three Years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, are insignificant, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Kansas City Southern is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. KCS s internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect material misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) (commonly referred to as the COSO Framework). Based on its evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria outlined in the COSO Framework. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which immediately follows this report. 

2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Kansas City Southern 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kansas City Southern and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
 
 3 

company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Direct Costs that are Capitalized to Self-Constructed Property and Equipment (including Concession Assets) 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company capitalizes costs for self-constructed additions and improvements to property, including direct labor and material, indirect costs, and interest during long-term construction projects. Expenditures that significantly increase asset values, productive capacity, efficiency, safety, or extend useful lives are capitalized. As disclosed by management, direct costs are charged to capital projects based on the work performed and the material used. Management has a process in place to determine which costs qualify for capitalization, which requires judgment. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company capitalized costs of 505.3 million. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to direct costs that are capitalized to self-constructed property and equipment (including concession assets) is a critical audit matter are (i) the significance of direct costs and complexities in self-constructed property and equipment (including concession assets) (ii) the significant judgment by management in determining whether direct costs qualify for capitalization and (iii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating evidence related to the capitalization of direct costs. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the capitalization of direct costs to self-constructed property and equipment (including concession assets). These procedures also included, among others, selecting a sample of direct costs and (i) obtaining evidence to support the accuracy of capitalized additions to self-constructed properties based on the work performed and the material used and (ii) evaluating whether these costs qualify for capitalization. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 February 3, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 4 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Revenues 3,370.4 2,947.3 2,632.6 Operating expenses Compensation and benefits 567.0 522.0 476.5 Purchased services 225.9 211.8 198.1 Fuel 461.7 313.6 219.8 Equipment costs 91.4 82.2 85.8 Depreciation and amortization 390.9 365.8 357.9 Materials and other 359.8 304.1 260.9 Merger costs, net 46.6 264.0 Write-off of software development costs 13.6 Restructuring charges 17.0 Total operating expenses 2,143.3 2,063.5 1,629.6 Operating income 1,227.1 883.8 1,003.0 Equity in net earnings (losses) of affiliates 8.7 16.7 (1.4) Interest expense (156.6) (156.0) (150.9) Foreign exchange loss (33.2) (9.0) (29.6) Gain on settlement of treasury lock agreements 259.3 Other income, net 4.4 2.6 2.1 Income before income taxes 1,309.7 738.1 823.2 Income tax expense 325.9 211.1 204.1 Net income 983.8 527.0 619.1 Less Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1.6 1.8 2.1 Net income attributable to Kansas City Southern and subsidiaries 982.2 525.2 617.0 Preferred stock dividends 0.2 0.2 Net income available to common stockholder(s) 982.2 525.0 616.8 

5 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Net income 983.8 527.0 619.1 Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain on interest rate derivative instruments, net of tax of 42.4 million, 4.6 million and 7.5 million 159.5 17.2 28.1 Reclassification of interest rate derivative instruments gain, net of tax of (54.5) million (204.8) Reclassification adjustment from cash flow hedges included in net income, net of tax of 0.5 million for each year presented 1.9 2.0 1.9 Foreign currency translation adjustments 0.6 (0.2) (0.5) Other comprehensive income (loss) (42.8) 19.0 29.5 Comprehensive income 941.0 546.0 648.6 Less comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1.6 1.8 2.1 Comprehensive income attributable to Kansas City Southern and subsidiaries 939.4 544.2 646.5 

6 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 (In millions, except share and per share amounts) ASSETS 
 Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 207.6 339.3 Accounts receivable, net 
 543.6 
 271.0 Materials and supplies 
 174.2 
 131.0 Other current assets 
 138.8 
 142.1 
 Total current assets 
 1,064.2 883.4 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 100.9 
 69.6 
 Investments 
 55.8 
 48.3 
 Property and equipment (including concession assets), net 
 9,362.4 9,209.3 Other assets 
 94.1 
 217.5 
 Total assets 
 10,677.4 10,428.1 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities 
 Long-term debt due within one year 
 655.0 8.8 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 635.7 
 479.7 
 Total current liabilities 
 1,290.7 488.5 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 71.5 
 46.4 
 Long-term debt 
 3,124.6 3,768.8 Deferred income taxes 
 1,237.1 1,213.7 Other noncurrent liabilities and deferred credits 
 158.7 
 178.1 
 Total liabilities 
 5,882.6 5,695.5 Stockholder s equity 
 0.01 par, common stock, 100 shares authorized, 100 shares issued 100 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 860.6 
 860.6 
 Retained earnings 
 3,626.6 3,524.4 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 (23.4) 19.4 
 Total stockholder s equity 
 4,463.8 4,404.4 Noncontrolling interest 
 331.0 328.2 
 Total equity 
 4,794.8 4,732.6 Total liabilities and equity 
 10,677.4 10,428.1 

7 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Operating activities Net income 983.8 527.0 619.1 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization 390.9 365.8 357.9 Deferred income taxes 35.0 23.2 49.4 Equity in net (earnings) losses of affiliates (8.7) (16.7) 1.4 Share-based compensation 24.5 22.9 Loss on foreign currency derivative instruments 44.3 3.7 22.5 Foreign exchange (gain) loss (11.1) 5.3 7.1 Merger costs, net 46.6 264.0 Restructuring charges 17.0 Gain on settlement of treasury lock agreements (259.3) Write-off of software development costs 13.6 Distributions from affiliates 6.5 12.0 4.5 Settlement of foreign currency derivative instruments (5.1) (1.9) (20.0) Cash payments for merger costs (34.1) (2,287.2) Reimbursement of merger termination fees 2,100.0 Changes in working capital items Accounts receivable (269.1) (30.6) 25.5 Materials and supplies (42.1) 1.9 21.7 Other current assets 89.3 (54.7) (66.0) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 98.8 (9.9) 6.0 Other, net 7.4 9.4 (2.6) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,073.1 935.8 1,080.0 Investing activities Capital expenditures (529.0) (496.8) (411.9) Settlement of treasury lock agreements 259.3 Purchase or replacement of assets under operating leases (78.2) Property investments in MSLLC (27.1) (24.2) (24.8) Investments in and advances to affiliates (8.5) (7.8) (7.4) Proceeds from disposal of property 6.5 6.4 12.9 Other, net (13.7) (8.8) (16.6) Net cash used for investing activities (312.5) (531.2) (526.0) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 545.6 Repayment of long-term debt (10.5) (7.9) (18.0) Dividends paid (880.0) (188.0) (152.3) Shares repurchased (888.9) Debt issuance and retirement costs paid (6.6) Cash settlement of stock options (75.2) Proceeds from employee stock plans 19.9 9.9 Net cash used for financing activities (890.5) (251.2) (510.3) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (1.8) (2.3) (4.3) Cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) during each year (131.7) 151.1 39.4 At beginning of year 339.3 188.2 148.8 At end of year 207.6 339.3 188.2 Supplemental information continued on next page. 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

8 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 Continued from previous page. 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Supplemental cash flow information Non-cash investing and financing activities Capital expenditures accrued but not yet paid at end of year 0.6 14.1 21.5 Other investing activities accrued but not yet paid at the end of the year 32.4 35.6 31.9 Finance lease obligations incurred 9.1 11.5 0.8 Non-cash asset acquisitions 0.4 4.2 2.8 Dividends accrued but not yet paid at end of year 40.6 Cash payments Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized 152.2 152.7 144.5 Income tax payments, net of refunds 275.8 173.0 182.3 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

9 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 25 Par Preferred Stock .01 Par Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non- controlling Interest Total Balance at December 31, 2019 5.6 1.0 843.7 3,601.3 (29.1) 323.4 4,745.9 Net income 617.0 2.1 619.1 Other comprehensive income 29.5 29.5 Contributions from noncontrolling interest 0.9 0.9 Dividends on common stock 1.64 share) (153.7) (153.7) Dividends on 25 par preferred stock 1.00 share) (0.2) (0.2) Share repurchases (0.2) (0.1) (51.3) (844.8) (896.4) Forward contract for accelerated share repurchases (75.0) (75.0) Settlement of forward contract for accelerated share repurchases 82.5 82.5 Options exercised and stock subscribed, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 6.2 6.2 Share-based compensation 24.8 24.8 Balance at December 31, 2020 5.4 0.9 830.9 3,219.6 0.4 326.4 4,383.6 Net income 525.2 1.8 527.0 Other comprehensive income 19.0 19.0 Dividends on common stock 1.62 share) (147.3) (147.3) Dividends on 25 par preferred stock 0.75 share) (0.2) (0.2) Share repurchases (2.1) (72.9) (75.0) Settlement of forward contract for accelerated share repurchases 75.0 75.0 Options exercised and stock subscribed, net of shares withheld for employee taxes (0.2) (0.2) Share-based compensation 80.4 80.4 Replacement of equity share awards with liability awards (54.5) (54.5) Cash settlement of stock options (75.2) (75.2) Recapitalization of stock (5.4) (0.9) 6.3 Balance at December 31, 2021 860.6 3,524.4 19.4 328.2 4,732.6 Net income 982.2 1.6 983.8 Other comprehensive loss (42.8) (42.8) Contributions from noncontrolling interest 1.2 1.2 Dividends to Canadian Pacific (880.0) (880.0) Balance at December 31, 2022 860.6 3,626.6 (23.4) 331.0 4,794.8 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements . 

10 

Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. Description of the Business 
 
 Kansas City Southern KCS or the Company ), a Delaware corporation, is a holding company with principal operations in rail transportation. 
 
 On September 15, 2021, KCS and CP entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement and on December 14, 2021, CP acquired the outstanding common and preferred stock of KCS. Each share of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of KCS that was outstanding immediately prior to the merger was converted into the right to receive (1) 2.884 common shares of CP and (2) 90 in cash (together, the Merger Consideration ), and each share of preferred stock, par value 25 per share, that was outstanding immediately prior to the merger was converted into the right to receive 37.50 in cash. The Merger Consideration value received by KCS stockholders was 301.20 per KCS common share. As CP acquired the outstanding common and preferred stock of KCS, earnings per share data is not presented because the Company does not have any outstanding or issued publicly traded stock. The merger is further discussed in Note 3, Merger Agreement. 
 
 The Company is engaged in the freight rail transportation business operating through a single coordinated rail network under one reportable business segment. The Company generates revenues and cash flows by providing its customers with freight delivery services both within its regions, and throughout North America through connections with other Class I rail carriers. KCS s customers conduct business in a number of different industries, including electric-generating utilities, chemical and petroleum products, paper and forest products, agriculture and mineral products, automotive products, and intermodal transportation. 
 
 The primary subsidiaries of the Company consist of the following 
 The Kansas City Southern Railway Company KCSR ), a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary. KCSR is a U.S. Class I railroad that services the midwest and southeast regions of the United States 
 Kansas City Southern de M xico, S.A. de C.V. KCSM ), a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary which operates under the rights granted by the concession acquired from the Mexican government in 1997 (the Concession as described below 
 Mexrail, Inc. Mexrail ), a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary which wholly owns The Texas Mexican Railway Company Tex-Mex 
 Meridian Speedway, LLC MSLLC ), a seventy percent-owned consolidated affiliate. MSLLC owns the former KCSR rail line between Meridian, Mississippi and Shreveport, Louisiana, which is the portion of the rail line between Dallas, Texas and Meridian known as the Meridian Speedway . 
 
 Including equity investments in 
 Panama Canal Railway Company PCRC ), a fifty percent-owned unconsolidated affiliate which provides ocean to ocean freight and passenger services along the Panama Canal 
 TFCM, S. de R.L. de C.V. TCM ), a forty-five percent-owned unconsolidated affiliate that operates a bulk liquid terminal in San Luis Potos , Mexico 
 Ferrocarril y Terminal del Valle de M xico, S.A. de C.V. FTVM ), a twenty-five percent-owned unconsolidated affiliate that provides railroad services as well as ancillary services in the greater Mexico City area and 
 PTC-220, LLC PTC-220 ), a thirteen percent-owned unconsolidated affiliate that holds the licenses to large blocks of radio spectrum and other assets for positive train control. 
 
 The KCSM Concession. KCSM holds a concession (the Concession from the Mexican government until June 2047, which is renewable under certain conditions for additional periods of up to 50 years under the Concession. The Concession is to provide freight transportation services over north-east rail lines which are a primary commercial corridor of the Mexican railroad system. KCSM has the right to use, but does not own, all track and buildings that are necessary for the rail lines 
 11 

operation. KCSM is required to pay the Mexican government an annual concession duty equal to 1.25 of gross revenues during the Concession period. On July 14, 2022, KCSM reached an agreement with the Mexican Ministry of Infrastructure, Communications and Transportation SICT to fund a new investment in the Celaya-NBA Line Railway Bypass and related infrastructure in an amount not to exceed Ps.4.0 billion (approximately 200.0 million USD). In exchange for the investment, the SICT agreed to amend KCSM s Concession Title effective July 14, 2022, to extend the exclusivity rights granted to KCSM (subject to certain trackage and haulage rights granted to other concessionaires) for an additional period of 10 years. Under this amendment, KCSM s exclusivity will now expire in 2037. 
 
 Employees and Labor Relations. KCSR participates in industry-wide multi-employer bargaining as a member of the National Carriers Conference Committee, as well as local bargaining for agreements that are limited to KCSR's property. Approximately 71 of KCSR employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. During 2022, 5-year agreements were reached voluntarily or through the legislation process covering all of the participating U.S. unions for the 2020 national bargaining round. 
 
 KCSM union employees are covered by one labor agreement, which was signed on April 16, 2012, between KCSM Servicios S.A. de C.V., a previously wholly-owned subsidiary of KCS that was merged into KCSM in 2021, and the Sindicato de Trabajadores Ferrocarrileros de la Rep blica Mexicana Mexican Railroad Union ). Upon the merger between KCSM Servicios and KCSM, these union employees continue to be covered under this existing labor agreement, which remains in effect during the period of the Concession, for the purpose of regulating the relationship between the parties. Approximately 76 of KCSM employees are covered by this labor agreement. 
 
 Union labor negotiations have not historically resulted in any strike, boycott, or other disruption in the Company s business operations. 
 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Principles of Consolidation. The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented using the accrual basis of accounting and include the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
 
 The equity method of accounting is used for all entities in which the Company or its subsidiaries have significant influence, but not a controlling interest. The Company evaluates less-than-majority-owned investments for consolidation pursuant to consolidation and variable interest entity guidance. The Company does not have any less-than-majority-owned investments requiring consolidation. 
 
 In November 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832), Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance. The standard is intended to increase transparency of government assistance by requiring disclosures of the following (1) the types of assistance, (2) an entity s accounting for the assistance, and (3) the effect of the assistance on the entity s financial statements. This ASU was effective for the Company on January 1, 2022 and the Company adopted the ASU prospectively. See Note 7, Property and Equipment for the newly required disclosure. 
 
 Use of Estimates. The accounting and financial reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include those related to the recoverability and useful lives of assets and income taxes. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 12 

Revenue Recognition. The primary performance obligation for the Company is to move customers freight from an origin to a destination. A performance obligation is created when a customer under a transportation contract or public tariff submits a bill of lading for the transport of goods. The Company recognizes revenue proportionally as a shipment moves from origin to destination, using the distance shipped to measure progress, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit over time. Related expenses are recognized as incurred. Revenue associated with in-transit shipments at period end is recognized based on the distance shipped as of the balance sheet date. Payment is received at the time or shortly after the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 
 The transaction price is generally in the form of a fixed fee determined at the inception of the transportation contract or the inception of the bill of lading. Certain customer agreements have variable consideration that are based on milestone achievements in the form of rebates, discounts or incentives. The Company makes judgments to determine whether the variable consideration is probable of occurring and should be included in the estimated transaction price at the beginning of the period to apply a more consistent rate throughout the year based on an analysis of historical experience with the customer, forecasted shipments and other economic indicators. The Company adjusts the estimate on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Other revenues, including switching, storage, and demurrage are distinct services and are recognized as services are performed or as contractual obligations are fulfilled. The consideration for other revenue is allocated between the separate services based upon the stand-alone transaction price. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss). For financial reporting purposes, foreign subsidiaries maintain records in U.S. dollars, which is the functional currency. The dollar is the currency that reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to the entity. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in Mexican pesos pesos or Ps. are remeasured into U.S. dollars dollars using current exchange rates. The difference between the exchange rate on the date of the transaction and the exchange rate on the settlement date, or balance sheet date if not settled, is included in the income statement as foreign exchange gain or loss. 
 
 Cash Equivalents. Short-term liquid investments with an initial maturity of three months or less are classified as cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Accounts Receivable, net. Accounts receivable are net of an allowance for uncollectible accounts as determined by historical experience and adjusted for economic uncertainties, known trends, and reasonable supportable forecasts. Accounts are charged to the allowance when a customer enters bankruptcy, when an account has been transferred to a collection agent or submitted for legal action, or when a customer is significantly past due and all available means of collection have been exhausted. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for estimated credit losses was 12.2 million and 12.1 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, bad debt expense was 8.7 million, 3.3 million and 1.5 million, respectively. 
 
 Materials and Supplies. Materials and supplies consisting of diesel fuel, items to be used in the maintenance of rolling stock and items to be used in the maintenance or construction of road property are valued at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. 
 
 Derivative Instruments. Derivatives are measured at fair value and recorded on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded either through current earnings or as other comprehensive income (loss), depending on hedge designation. Gains and losses on derivative instruments classified as cash flow hedges are reported in other comprehensive income (loss) and are reclassified into earnings in the periods in which earnings are impacted by the variability of the cash flow of the hedged item. 
 
 Property and Equipment (including Concession Assets). KCS capitalizes costs for self-constructed additions and improvements to property including direct labor and material, indirect costs, and interest during long-term construction projects. For purchased assets, all costs necessary to make the asset ready for its intended use are capitalized. Expenditures that significantly increase asset values, productive capacity, efficiency, safety or extend useful lives are capitalized. Repair and 
 13 

maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The Company has a process to determine which costs qualify for capitalization, which requires judgment. 
 
 KCS capitalizes certain costs incurred with developing or obtaining internal-use software. Costs incurred during the preliminary project and post-implementation stage, as well as maintenance and training costs are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Property and equipment are carried at cost and are depreciated primarily on the group method of depreciation, which the Company believes closely approximates a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets measured in years. The group method of depreciation applies a composite rate to classes of similar assets rather than to individual assets. Composite depreciation rates are based upon the Company s estimates of the expected average useful lives of assets as well as expected net salvage value at the end of their useful lives. In developing these estimates, the Company utilizes periodic depreciation studies performed by an independent engineering firm. Depreciation rate studies are performed at least every three years for equipment and at least six years for road property (rail, ties, ballast, etc.). The Company completed depreciation studies for KCSR in 2021 and KCSM in 2020. The impact of the KCSR study resulted in approximately 12.0 million in additional depreciation expense in 2022. The impact of the KCSM study was immaterial to the consolidated financial results for all periods presented. 
 
 Under the group method of depreciation, the cost of railroad property and equipment (net of salvage or sales proceeds) retired or replaced in the normal course of business is charged to accumulated depreciation with no gain or loss recognized. Gains or losses on dispositions of land or non-group property and abnormal retirements of railroad property are recognized through income. A retirement of railroad property would be considered abnormal if the cause of the retirement is unusual in nature, is significant in amount, and varies significantly from the retirement profile identified through the depreciation studies. 
 
 Costs incurred by the Company to acquire the Concession rights and related assets, as well as subsequent improvements to the Concession assets, are capitalized and amortized using the group method of depreciation over the lesser of the current expected Concession term, including probable renewal of an additional 50-year term, or the estimated useful lives of the assets and rights. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for impairment and written down to fair value when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators are present and the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the long-lived assets, the carrying value would be reduced to the estimated fair value. Future cash flow estimates for an impairment review would be based on the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which are the Company s U.S. and Mexican operations. During the year ended December 31, 2020, 13.6 million of expense was recognized related to costs previously capitalized for the development of internal-use software. The development of the software was cancelled prior to completion and had no further use. Other than the abnormal impairment related to the implementation of Precision Scheduled Railroading PSR for the year ended 2020, and the aforementioned software impairment, management did not identify any indicators of impairment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Leases. The Company leases transportation equipment, as well as office and other operating facilities, under various finance and operating leases. Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the implicit rate is not readily determinable in most of the Company s lease agreements, the Company uses its estimated secured incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. The Company s leases have remaining lease terms of approximately 1 year to 7 years, which may include the option to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise that option. The Company does not separately identify lease and nonlease components (i.e. maintenance costs) except for fleet vehicles and real estate. The Company does not have lease agreements 
 14 

with residual value guarantees, sale leaseback terms or material restrictive covenants. Additionally, short-term leases and leases with variable lease costs are immaterial, and the Company does not have any sublease arrangements. 
 
 Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in business combinations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the goodwill balance was 13.2 million, which is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed at least annually, or more frequently as indicators warrant, for impairment. An impairment loss would be recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the reporting units fair values. The Company performed its annual impairment review for goodwill during the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, and concluded there was no impairment. 
 
 Investments and Impairment. The Company reviews equity method investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. This determination requires significant judgment. In making this judgment, the Company considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of these investments. If it is determined that an indicator of impairment exists, the Company assesses whether the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. If the carrying value of the investment exceeds its fair value, the Company will evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the carrying value is greater than the fair value, and KCS s intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. The Company also considers specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new carrying basis in the investment is established. No impairment charges were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments. Non-financial assets and liabilities are recognized at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to recognition in the financial statements only in certain circumstances. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Company determines the fair values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based upon the observability of inputs. Fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. 
 
 Environmental Liabilities. The Company recognizes liabilities for remediation and restoration costs when the Company s obligation is probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation and restoration are not discounted to their present value. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable. Costs of ongoing compliance activities related to current operations are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Personal Injury Claims. Personal injury claims in excess of self-insurance levels are insured up to certain coverage amounts, depending on the type of claim and year of occurrence. The Company s personal injury liability is based on actuarial studies performed on an undiscounted basis by an independent third party actuarial firm and reviewed by management. The liability is based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Adjustments to the liability are 
 15 

reflected as operating expenses in the period in which the adjustments are known. Legal fees related to personal injury claims are recognized in operating expense in the period incurred. 
 
 Health and Welfare and Postemployment Benefits. The Company provides certain medical, life and other postemployment benefits to certain active employees and retirees. The Company uses actuaries to assist management in measuring the benefit obligation and cost based on the current plan provisions, employee demographics, and assumptions about financial and demographic factors affecting the probability, timing and amount of expected future benefit payments. Significant assumptions include the discount rate, rate of increase in compensation levels, and the health care cost trend rate. Actuarial gains and losses determined at the measurement date (December 31) are recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation. The Company accounted for all share-based compensation in accordance with fair value recognition provisions. Under this method, compensation expense was measured at grant date fair value and recognized over the requisite service period in which the award was earned. Forfeitures were recognized as they occurred. The Company had historically issued treasury stock to settle share-based awards. 
 
 Income Taxes. Deferred income tax effects of transactions reported in different periods for financial reporting and income tax return purposes are recognized under the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. This method gives consideration to the future tax consequences of the deferred income tax items and immediately recognizes changes in income tax laws in the year of enactment. 
 
 The Company has recognized a deferred tax asset, net of a valuation allowance, for net operating loss and capital loss carryovers. The Company projects sufficient future taxable income to realize the deferred tax asset recorded less the valuation allowance. These projections take into consideration assumptions about future income, future capital expenditures and inflation rates. If assumptions or actual conditions change, the deferred tax asset, net of the valuation allowance, will be adjusted to properly reflect the expected tax benefit. 
 
 Note 3. Merger Agreement 
 
 On September 15, 2021, KCS and CP entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement and on December 14, 2021, CP acquired the outstanding common and preferred stock of KCS. Each share of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of KCS that was outstanding immediately prior to the merger was converted into the right to receive (1) 2.884 common shares of CP and (2) 90 in cash (together, the Merger Consideration ), and each share of preferred stock, par value 25 per share, that was outstanding immediately prior to the merger was converted into the right to receive 37.50 in cash. The Merger Consideration value received by KCS stockholders was 301.20 per KCS common share. 
 
 The merger transaction was completed through a series of mergers as outlined in the Merger Agreement. These mergers ultimately resulted in KCS being merged with and into Cygnus Merger Sub 1 Corporation Surviving Merger Sub ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CP, with Surviving Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Surviving Merger Sub was renamed Kansas City Southern and as successor company of KCS, continued to own the assets of KCS. Immediately following the consummation of the mergers, CP caused the contribution, directly and indirectly, of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Surviving Merger Sub, as successor to KCS, to be deposited into an independent, irrevocable voting trust (the Voting Trust under a voting trust agreement (the Voting Trust Agreement approved by the U.S. Surface Transportation Board STB ), pending receipt of the final and non-appealable approval or exemption by the STB pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 11323 et seq., of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement STB Final Approval ). The Voting Trust prevents CP, or any affiliate of CP, from controlling or having the power to control KCS prior to STB Final Approval. Following receipt of STB Final Approval, the Voting Trust will be terminated and CP will acquire control over KCS s railroad operations. STB Final Approval is expected to be granted in the first quarter of 2023, subject to the regulatory review process. 
 
 16 

On December 14, 2021, the merger of KCS and Surviving Merger Sub was accounted for as a recapitalization of KCS s equity. Upon STB Final Approval, the transaction will be accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. See more details regarding the recapitalization in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 14, Stockholder(s) Equity. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, periodic cash distributions may be made to a wholly-owned subsidiary of CP based upon cash generated, the timing of capital expenditures and working capital needs of the Company. During 2022, KCS paid cash dividends of 880.0 million to a wholly-owned subsidiary of CP. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, KCS reported 46.6 million of merger-related costs. These merger costs primarily related to incentive compensation costs. For the year ended December 31, 2021, KCS reported 264.0 million of merger-related costs. These merger costs primarily related to bankers fees, compensation and benefits costs, and legal fees. These costs were recognized in merger costs, net within the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Note 4. Restructuring Charges 
 
 As revenues declined in the second quarter of 2020 due to the novel coronavirus and its variants COVID-19 ), the Company implemented a variety of cost-saving measures and accelerated Precision Scheduled Railroading PSR initiatives. In June of 2020, the Company offered a voluntary separation program, which resulted in a restructuring charge of 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, consisting of severance and benefit costs. 
 
 During 2020, the Company recognized approximately 7.3 million in additional restructuring charges related to PSR and the purchase and disposal of equipment. 
 
 Note 5. Leases 
 
 Leases Classification December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets (in millions) Operating Operating lease right-of-use assets 100.9 69.6 Finance Property and equipment (including Concession assets), net 17.8 13.9 Total leased assets 118.7 83.5 Liabilities Current Operating Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 28.8 22.3 Finance Long-term debt due within one year 6.3 4.5 Noncurrent Operating Long-term operating lease liabilities 71.5 46.4 Finance Long-term debt 12.4 10.9 Total lease liabilities 119.0 84.1 

17 

Years ended Lease Cost Classification December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Operating lease cost (in millions) Equipment costs 20.8 19.6 23.3 Materials and other 5.7 5.8 5.0 Finance lease cost Amortization of finance lease assets Depreciation and amortization 2.8 1.7 1.6 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense 0.6 0.6 0.9 Total lease cost 29.9 27.7 30.8 
 
 Years ended Cash Flow Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 (in millions) Cash paid for operating leases included in operating activities 32.5 29.4 45.6 Cash paid for finance leases included in operating activities 0.7 0.8 0.9 Cash paid for finance leases included in financing activities 5.9 3.5 2.0 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 58.9 32.9 18.4 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for financing lease liabilities 9.2 11.5 0.8 
 
 Lease Term and Discount Rate December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 
 Operating leases 4.2 4.2 Finance leases 3.6 3.8 Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 2.9 2.2 Finance leases 3.5 5.1 
 
 Remaining Maturities of Lease Liabilities 
 Year Ending December 31 in millions ), 
 Operating Leases Finance Leases 2023 29.7 6.8 2024 25.6 4.5 2025 18.9 4.2 2026 17.0 3.6 2027 9.5 0.4 Thereafter 3.5 Total lease payments 104.2 19.5 Less imputed interest 3.9 0.8 Total 100.3 18.7 

18 

Note 6. Revenue 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 The following table presents revenues disaggregated by the major commodity groups as well as the product types included within the major commodity groups (in millions) . The Company believes disaggregation by product type best depicts how cash flows are affected by economic factors. See Note 18, Geographic Information in the consolidated financial statements for revenues by geographical area. 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Chemical & Petroleum Chemicals 291.9 263.5 236.7 Petroleum 324.8 442.1 375.0 Plastics 166.8 146.2 152.1 Total 783.5 851.8 763.8 Industrial & Consumer Products Forest Products 295.8 261.8 247.8 Metals & Scrap 257.3 204.9 188.4 Other 157.5 122.9 101.5 Total 710.6 589.6 537.7 Agriculture & Minerals Grain 432.5 358.6 299.6 Food Products 175.1 152.3 154.6 Ores & Minerals 33.5 25.9 21.8 Stone, Clay & Glass 40.9 34.9 29.4 Total 682.0 571.7 505.4 Energy Utility Coal 165.3 148.5 105.6 Coal & Petroleum Coke 49.2 47.3 41.8 Frac Sand 18.3 15.6 11.3 Crude Oil 72.4 43.4 36.3 Total 305.2 254.8 195.0 Intermodal 449.7 346.3 319.1 Automotive 258.4 183.2 172.7 Total Freight Revenues 3,189.4 2,797.4 2,493.7 Other Revenue 181.0 149.9 138.9 Total Revenues 3,370.4 2,947.3 2,632.6 
 
 Major customers 
 
 No individual customer makes up greater than 10 of total consolidated revenues. 

19 

Contract Balances 
 
 The amount of revenue recognized in 2022 from performance obligations partially satisfied in the previous year was 17.9 million. The performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially satisfied as of December 31, 2022, were 25.8 million, which represents in-transit shipments that are fully satisfied the following month. 
 
 A receivable is any unconditional right to consideration, and is recognized as shipments have been completed and the relating performance obligation has been fully satisfied. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accounts receivable, net balance was 543.6 million and 271.0 million, respectively. Contract assets represent a conditional right to consideration in exchange for goods or services. The Company did not have any contract assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Contract liabilities represent consideration received in advance from customers, and are recognized as revenue over time as the relating performance obligation is satisfied. The amount of revenue recognized in 2022 that was included in the opening contract liability balance was 34.1 million. The Company has recognized contract liabilities within the accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities financial statement captions on the balance sheet. 
 
 The following tables summarize the changes in contract liabilities (in millions) 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Beginning balance 68.4 29.9 Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period (34.1) 
 (29.7) 
 Increases due to consideration received, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period 29.8 
 68.2 
 Ending balance 64.1 68.4 

20 

Note 7. Property and Equipment (including Concession Assets) 
 
 The following tables list the major categories of property and equipment, including Concession assets, as well as the weighted-average composite depreciation rate for each category in millions 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Cost Accumulated Depreciation Net Book Value Depreciation Rates for 2022 Land 244.7 244.7 N A Concession land rights 141.1 (33.6) 107.5 1.0 Rail and other track material 2,394.8 (454.3) 1,940.5 1.9-3.6 Ties 1,868.0 (475.8) 1,392.2 1.4-5.4 Grading 1,013.1 (210.8) 802.3 1.0 Bridges and tunnels 940.8 (192.3) 748.5 1.3 Ballast 940.2 (277.8) 662.4 2.2-4.4 Other (a) 1,652.5 (567.7) 1,084.8 3.0 Total road property 8,809.4 (2,178.7) 6,630.7 2.7 Locomotives 1,826.2 (637.0) 1,189.2 5.0 Freight cars 995.0 (266.4) 728.6 2.9 Other equipment 83.0 (41.1) 41.9 5.2 Total equipment 2,904.2 (944.5) 1,959.7 4.3 Technology and other 453.7 (335.6) 118.1 10.9 Construction in progress 301.7 301.7 N A Total property and equipment (including Concession assets) 12,854.8 (3,492.4) 9,362.4 N A 
 _____________ 
 (a) Other includes signals, buildings and other road assets. 

21 

As of December 31, 2021 Cost Accumulated Depreciation Net Book Value Depreciation Rates for 2021 Land 243.0 243.0 N A Concession land rights 141.1 (32.2) 108.9 1.0 Rail and other track material 2,240.6 (417.7) 1,822.9 1.8-3.6 Ties 1,790.0 (435.6) 1,354.4 1.4-5.4 Grading 1,006.8 (200.3) 806.5 1.0 Bridges and tunnels 884.1 (181.0) 703.1 1.3 Ballast 898.6 (258.2) 640.4 2.2-4.4 Other (a) 1,610.5 (519.6) 1,090.9 2.7 Total road property 8,430.6 (2,012.4) 6,418.2 2.6 Locomotives 1,777.2 (546.6) 1,230.6 4.5 Freight cars 974.2 (234.4) 739.8 2.2 Other equipment 91.0 (39.9) 51.1 5.0 Total equipment 2,842.4 (820.9) 2,021.5 3.7 Technology and other 372.6 (290.7) 81.9 15.6 Construction in progress 335.8 335.8 N A Total property and equipment (including Concession assets) 
 12,365.5 (3,156.2) 9,209.3 N A 
 _____________ 
 (a) Other includes signals, buildings and other road assets. 
 
 Concession assets, net of accumulated amortization of 797.3 million and 744.8 million, totaled 2,472.0 million and 2,459.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment (including Concession assets) totaled 390.9 million, 365.8 million and 357.9 million, for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company has historically received assistance from governmental entities, typically in the form of cash, for purposes of making improvements to its rail network as part of public safety and or economic revitalization initiatives. The governmental entity generally specifies how the monetary assistance is to be spent, and may include limited conditions requiring the Company to return the assistance. The Company accounts for this assistance received as reductions to property and equipment in the period in which the improvement is made, with the assistance being amortized as an offset to depreciation expense over the life of the improvement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total governmental assistance received, net of accumulated amortization, was 34.8 million and 37.3 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, governmental assistance amortization was 2.5 million. 
 
 In 2020, 13.6 million of expense was recognized related to costs previously capitalized for the development of internal-use software. The development of the software was cancelled prior to completion and had no further use. The expense was recognized in write-off of software development costs in the consolidated statements of income. 

22 

Note 8. Other Balance Sheet Captions 
 
 Other Current Assets. Other current assets included the following items at December 31 (in millions) 
 
 2022 2021 Prepaid expenses 28.4 25.8 Refundable Mexican value added tax 78.9 78.0 Prepaid income taxes 14.3 19.0 Advances to affiliates 8.8 9.0 Other 8.4 10.3 Other current assets 138.8 142.1 
 
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities. Accounts payable and accrued liabilities included the following items at December 31 (in millions) 
 
 2022 2021 Accounts payable 207.2 169.7 Accrued wages and vacation 128.4 103.7 Accrued merger costs 55.8 37.3 Income and other taxes 41.9 37.0 Foreign currency forward contracts 41.0 1.8 Contract liabilities 31.3 30.0 Short-term operating lease liability 28.8 22.3 Interest payable 26.2 26.2 Derailments, personal injury and other claim provisions 25.1 27.5 Accrued rents and leases 13.3 7.7 Other 36.7 16.5 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 635.7 479.7 
 
 Note 9. Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company s assets and liabilities recognized at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy as described in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and consist of foreign currency forward contracts and treasury lock agreements, which are classified as Level 2 valuations. The Company determines the fair value of its derivative financial instrument positions based upon pricing models using inputs observed from actively quoted markets and also takes into consideration the contract terms as well as other inputs, including market currency exchange rates. 
 
 The Company s short-term financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term borrowings. The carrying value of the short-term financial instruments approximates their fair value. 
 
 The fair value of the Company s debt is estimated using quoted market prices when available. When quoted market prices are not available, fair value is estimated based on current market interest rates for debt with similar maturities and credit quality. The carrying value of the Company s debt was 3,779.6 million and 3,777.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If the Company s debt were measured at fair value, the fair value measurements of the individual debt instruments would have been classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 23 

The fair value of the Company s financial instruments is presented in the following table (in millions) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Level 2 Level 2 Assets Treasury lock agreements 57.4 Liabilities Debt instruments 3,308.3 4,311.1 Foreign currency derivative instruments 41.0 1.8 
 
 Note 10. Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Company enters into derivative transactions in certain situations based on management s assessment of current market conditions and perceived risks. Management intends to respond to evolving business and market conditions and in doing so, may enter into such transactions as deemed appropriate. 
 
 Credit Risk. As a result of the use of derivative instruments, the Company is exposed to counterparty credit risk. The Company manages this risk by limiting its counterparties to large financial institutions which meet the Company s credit rating standards and have an established banking relationship with the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not expect any losses as a result of default of its counterparties. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivative Instruments . During 2020, the Company executed six 30-year treasury lock agreements with an aggregate notional value of 650.0 million and a weighted-average interest rate of 1.58 . The purpose of the treasury locks was to hedge the U.S. Treasury benchmark interest rate associated with future interest payments related to the anticipated refinancing of the 444.7 million principal amount of 3.00 senior notes due May 15, 2023 (the 3.00 Senior Notes and the 200.0 million principal amount of 3.85 senior notes due November 15, 2023 (the 3.85 Senior Notes ). The Company designated the treasury locks as cash flow hedges and recorded unrealized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, KCS determined the forecasted refinancing of the 3.00 Senior Notes and the 3.85 Senior Notes was no longer considered probable to occur as financing costs have risen and the Company plans to extinguish the maturing debt with cash on hand and cash generated from operations. Accordingly, the Company removed the cash flow hedge designation to all tranches and derecognized the related unrealized gain in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The treasury lock instruments were settled and the Company recognized the gain on settlement of the interest rate derivative instruments of 259.3 million within the consolidated statements of income. The settlement of the treasury lock agreements was classified as an investing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 In May 2017, the Company executed four treasury lock agreements with an aggregate notional value of 275.0 million and a weighted-average interest rate of 2.85 . The purpose of the treasury locks was to hedge the U.S. Treasury benchmark interest rate associated with future interest payments related to the anticipated refinancing of the 275.0 million, 2.35 senior notes due May 15, 2020 (the 2.35 Senior Notes ). The Company designated the treasury locks as cash flow hedges and recorded unrealized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). During the fourth quarter of 2019, KCS issued 425.0 million principal amount of 2.875 senior notes due November 15, 2029 (the 2.875 Senior Notes ), effectively completing the refinancing of the 2.35 Senior Notes, and settled the treasury lock agreements, resulting in cash paid of 25.8 million. This amount was included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the new 2.875 Senior Notes, increasing the effective interest rate on the notes to 3.60 . 
 
 24 

Foreign Currency Derivative Instruments. The Company s Mexican subsidiaries have net U.S. dollar-denominated monetary assets which, for Mexican income tax purposes, are subject to periodic revaluation based on changes in the value of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar. This revaluation creates fluctuations in the Company s Mexican income tax expense and the amount of income taxes paid in Mexico. The Company hedges its exposure to this cash tax risk by entering into foreign currency forward contracts, which involve the Company s purchase of Mexican pesos and or U.S. dollars at an agreed-upon weighted-average exchange rate to each U.S dollar or Mexican Peso. 
 
 Below is a summary of the Company s 2022, 2021 and 2020 foreign currency derivative contracts (amounts in millions, except Ps. USD) 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Contracts to sell Ps. receive USD Offsetting contracts to purchase Ps. pay USD Notional amount Notional amount Weighted-average exchange rate 
 (in Ps. USD) 
 Notional amount Notional amount Weighted-average exchange rate 
 (in Ps. USD) 
 Cash received (paid) on settlement Contracts executed in 2022 and outstanding 535.0 Ps. 11,235.2 Ps. 21.0 Contracts executed in 2022 and settled in 2022 110.0 Ps. 2,348.4 Ps. 21.3 113.4 Ps. 2,348.4 Ps. 20.7 (3.4) Contracts executed in 2021 and settled in 2022 270.0 Ps. 5,583.3 Ps. 20.7 271.7 Ps. 5,583.3 Ps. 20.6 (1.7) Contracts executed in 2020 and settled in 2020 75.0 Ps. 1,555.5 Ps. 20.7 78.0 Ps. 1,555.5 Ps. 20.0 (2.9) Contracts to purchase Ps. pay USD Offsetting contracts to sell Ps. receive USD Notional amount Notional amount Weighted-average exchange rate 
 (in Ps. USD) 
 Notional amount Notional amount Weighted-average exchange rate 
 (in Ps. USD) 
 Cash received (paid) on settlement Contracts executed in 2021 and settled in 2021 100.0 Ps. 1,993.5 Ps. 19.9 98.1 Ps. 1,993.5 Ps. 20.3 (1.9) Contracts executed in 2020 and settled in 2020 555.0 Ps. 11,254.3 Ps. 20.3 534.3 Ps. 11,254.3 Ps. 21.1 (20.7) Contracts executed in 2019 and settled in 2020 105.0 Ps. 2,041.2 Ps. 19.4 108.6 Ps. 2,041.2 Ps. 18.8 3.6 
 
 The Company has not designated any of the foreign currency derivative contracts as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The Company measures the foreign currency derivative contracts at fair value each period and recognizes any change in fair value in foreign exchange gain (loss) within the consolidated statements of income. The cash flows associated with these instruments is classified as an operating activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Offsetting. The Company s treasury lock agreements and foreign currency forward contracts are executed with counterparties in the U.S. and are governed by International Swaps and Derivatives Association agreements that include standard netting arrangements. Asset and liability positions from contracts with the same counterparty are net settled upon maturity expiration and presented on a net basis in the consolidated balance sheets prior to settlement. 

25 

The following table presents the fair value of derivative instruments included in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31 (in millions) 
 
 Derivative Assets Balance Sheet Location 2022 2021 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Treasury lock agreements Other assets 57.4 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 57.4 Total derivative assets 57.4 
 
 Derivative Liabilities Balance Sheet Location 2022 2021 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 41.0 1.8 Total derivatives not designated as hedging instrument 41.0 1.8 Total derivative liabilities 41.0 1.8 
 
 The following table summarizes the gross and net fair value of derivative liabilities (in millions) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Gross Liabilities Gross Assets Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Derivatives subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement 
 41.0 
 41.0 As of December 31, 2021 Derivatives subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement 
 2.8 (1.0) 1.8 
 
 The following tables present the effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
 
 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative Location of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Treasury lock agreements 
 201.9 21.8 35.6 Interest expense 
 (2.4) (2.5) (2.4) Gain on settlement of treasury lock agreements 
 259.3 

Total 
 201.9 21.8 35.6 256.9 (2.5) (2.4) 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative 2022 2021 2020 Foreign currency forward contracts 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 (44.3) (3.7) (22.5) Total 
 (44.3) (3.7) (22.5) 
 
 See Note 9, Fair Value Measurements, for the determination of the fair values of derivatives. 
 
 26 

Note 11. Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 Commercial Paper. The Company s commercial paper program generally serves as the primary means of short-term funding. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, KCS had no commercial paper outstanding. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, commercial paper borrowings were outstanding for less than 90 days and the related activity is presented on a net basis in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Note 12. Long-Term Debt 
 
 Long-term debt at December 31 (in millions) 
 2022 2021 Principal Unamortized Discount and Debt Issuance Costs Net Principal Unamortized Discount and Debt Issuance Costs Net Revolving credit facilities, variable interest rate, due 2024 
 KCS 3.00 senior notes, due 2023 
 439.1 
 0.3 
 438.8 
 439.1 
 1.0 
 438.1 
 KCS 3.85 senior notes, due 2023 
 199.2 
 0.2 
 199.0 
 199.2 
 0.5 
 198.7 
 KCS 3.125 senior notes, due 2026 
 250.0 
 1.3 
 248.7 
 250.0 
 1.7 
 248.3 
 KCS 2.875 senior notes, due 2029 
 425.0 
 3.0 
 422.0 
 425.0 
 3.4 
 421.6 
 KCS 4.30 senior notes, due 2043 
 448.7 
 7.8 
 440.9 
 448.7 
 8.1 
 440.6 
 KCS 4.95 senior notes, due 2045 
 499.2 
 6.4 
 492.8 
 499.2 
 6.7 
 492.5 
 KCS 4.70 senior notes, due 2048 
 500.0 
 5.4 
 494.6 
 500.0 
 5.6 
 494.4 
 KCS 3.50 senior notes, due 2050 
 550.0 
 10.1 
 539.9 
 550.0 
 10.4 
 539.6 
 KCS 4.20 senior notes, due 2069 
 425.0 
 6.7 
 418.3 
 425.0 
 6.8 
 418.2 
 KCSR 3.85 to 4.95 senior notes, due through 2045 
 2.7 
 
 2.7 
 2.7 
 
 2.7 
 KCSM 3.00 senior notes, due 2023 
 5.6 
 
 5.6 
 5.6 
 
 5.6 
 RRIF loans 2.96 to 4.29 , due serially through 2037 
 57.7 
 0.3 
 57.4 
 62.0 
 0.3 
 61.7 
 Finance lease obligations, due serially to 2027 
 18.7 
 
 18.7 
 15.4 
 
 15.4 
 Other debt obligations 
 0.2 
 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 
 0.2 
 Total 
 3,821.1 
 41.5 
 3,779.6 
 3,822.1 
 44.5 
 3,777.6 
 Less Debt due within one year 
 655.5 
 0.5 
 655.0 
 8.8 
 
 8.8 
 Long-term debt 
 3,165.6 41.0 3,124.6 3,813.3 44.5 3,768.8 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 KCS, with certain of its domestic subsidiaries named therein as guarantors, has a 600.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), with a 25.0 million standby letter of credit facility which, if utilized, constitutes usage under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility serves as a backstop for KCS s commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program which generally serves as the Company s primary means of short-term funding. 
 
 27 

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at floating rates. Depending on the Company s credit rating, the margin that KCS would pay above the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR at any point is between 1.000 and 1.750 . As of December 31, 2022, the margin was 1.25 based on KCS s current credit rating. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility is guaranteed by KCSR, together with certain domestic subsidiaries named therein as guarantors and matures on March 8, 2024. The Revolving Credit Facility agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants and events of default that are customary for credit agreements of this type. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the termination of the commitments and the acceleration of the repayment of any outstanding principal balance on the Revolving Credit Facility and the Commercial Paper Program. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, KCS had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 The Company s senior notes include certain covenants that are customary for these types of debt instruments issued by borrowers with similar credit ratings. 
 
 The KCS notes are KCS s general unsecured senior obligations and are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured senior basis by each current and future domestic subsidiary of KCS that from time to time guarantees the Revolving Credit Facility or any other debt of KCS or any of KCS s significant subsidiaries that is a guarantor (collectively, the Note Guarantors ). 
 
 KCSR s senior notes are unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured senior basis, by KCS and each current and future domestic subsidiary of KCS that guarantees the Revolving Credit Facility or certain other debt of KCS or a note guarantor. KCSR s senior notes and the note guarantees rank pari passu in right of payment with KCSR s, KCS s and the Note Guarantors existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations. 
 
 KCSM s senior notes are denominated in U.S. dollars are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations rank pari passu in right of payment with KCSM s existing and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations and are senior in right of payment to KCSM s future subordinated indebtedness. 
 
 Senior notes are redeemable at the issuer s option, in whole or in part, at any time, by paying the greater of either 100 of the principal amount to be redeemed and a formula price based on interest rates prevailing at the time of redemption and time remaining to maturity, plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to, but excluding the redemption date. In addition, KCSM s senior notes are redeemable, in whole but not in part, at KCSM s option at any time at a redemption price of 100 of their principal amount, plus any accrued unpaid interest in the event of certain changes in the Mexican withholding tax rate. 
 
 RRIF Loan Agreements 
 
 The following loans were made under the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing RRIF Program administered by the Federal Railroad Administration FRA 
 
 KCSR RRIF Loan Agreement. On February 21, 2012, KCSR entered into an agreement with the FRA to borrow 54.6 million to be used to reimburse KCSR for a portion of the purchase price of thirty new locomotives (the Locomotives acquired by KCSR in the fourth quarter of 2011. The loan bears interest at 2.96 annually and the principal balance amortizes quarterly with a final maturity of February 24, 2037. The obligations under the financing agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in the Locomotives and certain related rights. In addition, the Company has agreed to guarantee repayment of the amounts due under the financing agreement and certain related agreements. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any outstanding principal balance of the loan. 
 
 28 

Tex-Mex RRIF Loan Agreement. On June 28, 2005, Tex-Mex entered into an agreement with the FRA to borrow 50.0 million to be used for infrastructure improvements in order to accommodate growing freight rail traffic related to the NAFTA corridor. The loan bears interest at 4.29 annually and the principal balance amortizes quarterly with a final maturity of July 13, 2030. The loan is guaranteed by Mexrail, which has issued a pledge agreement in favor of the lender equal to the gross revenues earned by Mexrail on per-car fees on traffic crossing the International Rail Bridge in Laredo, Texas. In addition, the Company has agreed to guarantee the scheduled principal payment installments due to the FRA from Tex-Mex under the loan agreement on a rolling five-year basis. 
 
 Debt Covenants Compliance 
 
 The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Debt Provisions 
 
 Certain loan agreements and debt instruments entered into or guaranteed by the Company and its subsidiaries provide for default in the event of a specified change in control of the Company or particular subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 Debt Maturities 
 
 Minimum annual payments for debt maturities are as follows (in millions) 
 
 Years Long-Term Debt Net Present Value Finance Leases Total 2023 649.2 6.3 655.5 2024 4.6 4.3 8.9 2025 5.0 4.1 9.1 2026 255.0 3.6 258.6 2027 5.2 0.4 5.6 Thereafter 2,883.4 2,883.4 Total 3,802.4 18.7 3,821.1 
 
 Note 13. Income Taxes 
 
 Current income tax expense represents the amounts expected to be reported on the Company s income tax returns, and deferred tax expense or benefit represents the change in net deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities as measured by the enacted tax rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. Valuation allowances are recorded as appropriate to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount considered likely to be realized. 

29 

Tax Expense. Income tax expense consists of the following components (in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Current 
 Federal 
 88.4 18.1 (1.9) State and local 
 8.2 
 2.7 
 1.6 
 Foreign 
 194.3 
 167.1 
 155.0 
 Total current 
 290.9 
 187.9 
 154.7 
 Deferred 
 Federal 
 52.7 
 21.2 
 49.4 
 State and local 
 (3.3) 
 (1.6) 
 13.8 
 Foreign 
 (14.4) 
 3.6 
 (13.8) 
 Total deferred 
 35.0 
 23.2 
 49.4 
 Total income tax expense 
 325.9 211.1 204.1 
 
 Income before income taxes consists of the following (in millions) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Income before income taxes 
 U.S. 
 662.1 148.6 329.0 Foreign 
 647.6 
 589.5 
 494.2 
 Total income before income taxes 
 1,309.7 738.1 823.2 
 
 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31 follow (in millions) 
 
 2022 2021 Assets 
 Reserves not currently deductible for tax 
 65.5 42.5 Compensation and benefits 
 32.0 
 28.0 
 Lease liability 
 26.9 
 19.4 
 Tax credit and loss carryovers 
 14.8 
 26.4 
 Other 
 26.5 
 6.5 
 Gross deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
 165.7 
 122.8 
 Valuation allowance 
 (2.1) 
 (7.3) 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 163.6 
 115.5 
 Liabilities 
 Property 
 (1,317.1) 
 (1,253.0) 
 Investments 
 (57.9) 
 (56.0) 
 Other 
 (25.7) 
 (20.2) 
 Gross deferred tax liabilities 
 (1,400.7) 
 (1,329.2) 
 Net deferred tax liability 
 (1,237.1) (1,213.7) 
 
 30 

Tax Rates. Differences between the Company s effective income tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 follow (in millions) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Dollars Percent Dollars Percent Dollars Percent Income tax expense using the statutory rate in effect 
 275.0 21.0 155.0 21.0 172.9 21.0 Tax effect of 
 Difference between U.S. and foreign tax rate 
 57.4 
 4.4 
 51.9 
 7.0 
 44.1 
 5.4 
 Inflation 
 (25.8) 
 (2.0 
 (10.4) 
 (1.4 
 (4.9) 
 (0.6 
 Tax credits 
 (11.9) 
 (0.9 
 (11.7) 
 (1.6 
 (13.8) 
 (1.7 
 Foreign exchange (i) 
 9.4 
 0.7 
 5.9 
 0.8 
 (3.4) 
 (0.4 
 State and local income tax provision, net 
 9.1 
 0.7 
 0.2 
 
 12.5 
 1.5 
 Withholding tax 
 8.5 
 0.6 
 8.5 
 1.2 
 9.9 
 1.2 
 Non-deductible executive compensation 
 3.6 
 0.3 
 14.7 
 2.0 
 1.8 
 0.2 
 Non-deductible transaction costs 
 0.6 
 
 14.0 
 1.9 

Global intangible low-taxed income tax, net 
 0.1 
 
 0.4 
 0.1 
 (14.5) 
 (1.8 
 Share-based compensation 

(25.2) 
 (3.4 
 (4.6) 
 (0.6 
 Other, net 
 (0.1) 
 0.1 
 7.8 
 1.0 
 4.1 
 0.6 
 Income tax expense 
 325.9 24.9 211.1 28.6 204.1 24.8 
 _____________________ 
 (i) The Company s Mexican subsidiaries have net U.S. dollar-denominated monetary assets which, for Mexican income tax purposes, are subject to periodic revaluation based on changes in the value of the Mexican peso against the U.S. dollar. This revaluation creates fluctuations in the Company s Mexican income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income and the amount of income taxes paid in Mexico. The Company also has net monetary assets denominated in Mexican pesos, that are subject to periodic re-measurement and settlement that creates fluctuations in foreign currency gains and losses in the consolidated statements of income. The Company hedges its net exposure to variations in earnings by entering into foreign currency forward contracts. The foreign currency forward contracts involve the Company s agreement to buy or sell pesos at an agreed-upon exchange rate on a future date. Refer to Note 10, Derivative Instruments for further information. 
 
 Difference Attributable to Foreign Investments. The Company asserts that all foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested to the extent of local needs and earnings that would be distributed in a taxable manner. The Company therefore intends to limit distributions to earnings previously taxed in the U.S., or earnings that would qualify for the 100 percent dividends received deduction and earnings that would not result in any significant foreign taxes. Therefore, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability on its investment in foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Tax Carryovers. The Company has U.S. state net operating losses which are carried forward from 10 years to indefinitely and are analyzed each year to determine the likelihood of realization. The state loss carryovers arise from both combined and separate tax filings from as early as 2001 and may expire as early as December 31, 2023. The state loss carryover at December 31, 2022 was 64.9 million resulting in a state deferred tax asset of 7.2 million. 
 
 The Mexico federal loss carryovers at December 31, 2022, were 27.0 million resulting in a net deferred tax asset of 7.9 million, and, if not used, will begin to expire in 2026. A deferred tax asset was recognized in prior periods for the expected future tax benefit of these losses which will be carried forward to reduce only Mexican income tax payable in future years. 
 
 The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 2.1 million and 7.3 million, respectively, primarily attributable to state net operating loss and capital loss carryovers. The Company believes it is more 
 31 

likely than not that reversals of existing temporary differences that will produce future taxable income and the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, related to loss carryovers. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions. The accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance requires the Company to recognize in the consolidated financial statements the benefit of a tax position only if the impact is more likely than not of being sustained on audit based on the technical merits of the position. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows in millions 
 
 2022 2021 Balance at January 1, 
 2.2 2.2 Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 1.3 
 
 Reductions for settlement with taxing authorities 
 (2.2) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 
 1.3 2.2 
 
 The unrecognized tax benefit would affect the effective income tax rate if recognized, and is not expected to change in the next twelve months. 
 
 Interest, inflation and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are included in income before taxes on the consolidated statements of income. Accrued interest, inflation and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits was 2.6 million and 0.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest, inflation and penalty expense was 2.6 million and less than 0.1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Tax Contingencies . Tax returns filed in the U.S. for periods after 2017 and in Mexico for periods after 2014 remain open to examination by the taxing authority. The Internal Revenue Service IRS has completed its examination of the 2017 deemed mandatory repatriation tax included in the 2017 U.S. federal tax return and the 2016 U.S. federal tax return with no material impact to the consolidated financial statements. The Servicio de Administraci n Tributaria SAT ), the Mexican equivalent of the IRS, has initiated examinations of the KCSM 2015 through 2020 Mexico tax returns and the Financiera Inspira, S.A. de C.V. SOFOM, E.N.R. 2016 and 2017 Mexico tax returns. The Company does not expect that these examinations will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. During 2017, the Company received audit assessments from the SAT for the KCSM 2009 and 2010 Mexico tax returns. The Company commenced administrative actions with the SAT and the audit assessments were subsequently nullified. In the third quarter of 2018, the SAT issued new assessments and the Company filed administrative appeals with the SAT. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company received an audit assessment from the SAT for the KCSM 2013 Mexico tax return and filed an administrative appeal of the assessment in the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 On April 13, 2022, the SAT used an electronic tax mailbox to deliver an audit assessment on the 2014 KCSM tax returns, which as of December 31, 2022 was Ps.5.7 billion (approximately 296.0 million USD) of tax, interest, penalties and inflation (the 2014 Audit Assessment ). In 2014, KCSM filed an amparo lawsuit with the district court, objecting to the SAT s electronic accounting requirements, including the SAT s use of the electronic tax mailbox, and KCSM was granted a permanent injunction in 2015 preventing the SAT from delivering any notification of assessments using the electronic tax mailbox. The permanent injunction remained in effect through the date the SAT issued the 2014 Audit Assessment. The Company became aware of the 2014 Audit Assessment on June 30, 2022 and based on the permanent injunction on the electronic accounting requirements, the Company believed it had thirty business days from that date to file an appeal. On July 7, 2022, the Company filed an administrative appeal of the 2014 Audit Assessment with the SAT. During the third quarter of 2022, the SAT dismissed the administrative appeal of the 2014 Audit Assessment on the basis it wasn t filed timely. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company filed a nullification lawsuit in Mexican court challenging the SAT dismissal of the administrative appeal of the 2014 Audit Assessment. The Company believes that it has strong legal arguments in its favor and it is more likely than not that the administrative appeal of the 2014 Audit Assessment was timely filed. 
 32 

The 2014 Audit Assessment includes tax positions where KCSM has prior favorable court decisions or strong legal arguments in its favor. Management believes it is more likely than not it will prevail in any challenge of the 2014 Audit Assessment. Historically, the Company has not been required to pay to settle previous SAT audit assessments or has settled SAT audit assessments for an immaterial amount. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, the SAT froze KCSM s Mexico bank accounts without any request for payment of the 2014 Audit Assessment or notification of the freeze. The Company filed an amparo lawsuit challenging the legality of the bank account freeze. The district court issued a permanent injunction requiring the SAT to remove the freeze subject to KCSM posting a performance bond or other collateral upon the SAT demonstrating a tax obligation exists. In August 2022, KCSM posted a performance bond in the amount of Ps.5.6 billion (approximately 291.0 million USD) and the bank account freeze was removed. On January 5, 2023, the administrative court granted KCSM a permanent injunction to prevent any collection by the SAT. The freeze and cost of obtaining the performance bond did not have a significant impact on KCSM s cash flows or operations. The provision of the performance bond is not an agreement or concession with regard to the 2014 Audit Assessment and in no way impacts KCSM s ability to further defend its tax position. 
 
 The Company believes that it has strong legal arguments in its favor and it is more likely than not that it will prevail in any challenge of the assessments. 
 
 Refundable Mexican Value Added Tax . KCSM is not required to charge its customers value added tax VAT on international import or export transportation services, which prior to 2022 resulted in KCSM paying more VAT on its expenses than it collected from customers. These excess VAT payments are refundable by the Mexican government. Prior to 2019, Mexican companies could offset their monthly refundable VAT balance with other tax obligations. In January 2019, Mexico tax reform eliminated the ability to offset other tax obligations with refundable VAT. From 2019 through 2021, KCSM has generated a refundable VAT balance and filed refund claims with the SAT, which have not been refunded. 
 
 In November 2021, changes to the VAT law were announced and became effective beginning January 1, 2022. These changes reduced the recoverability of VAT paid by KCSM on its expenditures that support international import transportation service revenues that are not subject to a VAT charge. VAT that is unrecoverable from the Mexican government results in incremental VAT expense for KCSM. Beginning in 2022, KCSM changed certain service offering to either require VAT to be charged to customers on revenue, or impose a rate increase to offset the incremental VAT expense. These measures implemented by KCSM increased the VAT to be collected from customers and payable to the Mexican government. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the KCSM refundable VAT balance was 78.9 million and 152.2 million, respectively. KCSM has prior favorable Mexican court decisions and a legal opinion supporting its right under Mexican law to recover the refundable VAT balance from the Mexican government and believes the VAT to be fully recoverable. KCSM will recover the refundable VAT balance as a VAT billed to customers exceeds creditable VAT charged by vendors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 78.9 million and 78.0 million, respectively, of the refundable VAT balance was classified as a short-term asset. 
 
 Note 14. Stockholder(s) Equity 
 
 Capital Stock. The Company had 100 shares of 0.01 par, common stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Merger Agreement . As disclosed in Note 3, Merger Agreement, the merger transaction was completed through a series of mergers as outlined in the Merger Agreement. These mergers ultimately resulted in KCS being merged with and into Surviving Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of CP, with Surviving Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity. On December 14, 2021, the merger of KCS and Surviving Merger Sub was accounted for as a recapitalization of KCS s equity. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, KCS s issued and outstanding common stock and preferred stock was replaced by the common stock of Surviving Merger Sub, which consisted of 100 issued and outstanding shares at 0.01 par value with the remaining difference 
 33 

being reclassified to additional paid-in capital. Upon final control approval from the STB, the transaction will be accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. 
 
 Treasury Stock. Shares of common stock in treasury and related activity prior to the merger follow 
 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of year 32,305,078 27,236,516 Shares repurchased 233,402 5,350,976 Shares issued to fund stock option exercises (189,775) (133,951) Employee stock purchase plan shares issued (41,338) (51,658) Nonvested shares issued (50,127) (111,003) Nonvested shares forfeited 16,808 14,198 Conversion of restricted shares to cash 25,049 Recapitalization of equity (32,299,097) Balance at end of year 32,305,078 
 
 Cash Dividends to Canadian Pacific. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, during 2022 KCS paid cash dividends of 880.0 million to a wholly-owned subsidiary of CP. 
 
 Cash Dividends on Common Stock. The following table presents the amount of cash dividends declared per common share by the Company s Board of Directors on the Company s historical common stock prior to the merger 
 
 2021 2020 Cash dividends declared per common share 1.62 1.64 
 
 Note 15. Share-Based Compensation 
 
 In March 2021, pursuant to the merger agreement in effect at that time, the number of shares available to grant from the 2017 equity incentive plan 2017 Plan was limited to a pool of 64,051 shares to be granted in the form of restricted share awards with a vesting period of not less than 1 year. The pool expired in August 2021 and no further awards were granted. In December 2021, upon the effective date of the merger, the 2017 Plan was terminated. 
 
 On December 14, 2021, upon CP s acquisition of the Company s common stock per the Merger Agreement, the vesting of certain unvested share-based compensation arrangements of the Company was accelerated. These awards included unvested restricted shares awarded prior to the initial merger announcement on March 21, 2021, and unvested options, which were cash settled at the Merger Consideration value less the option s exercise price. Unvested restricted shares awarded after the initial announcement of the merger on March 21, 2021, were replaced with a fixed, cash-based award that entitled the holder thereof, upon vesting at the end of the requisite service period, to receive an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration. Unvested performance share awards were replaced with a fixed, cash-based award that entitles the holder thereof, upon vesting at the end of the award s original, three-year requisite service period, to receive an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration value of 301.20 for each performance share award held multiplied by the maximum performance factor of 200 of the original target award. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recognized 55.9 million of compensation expense from the accelerated vesting, increase in fair value and replacement of awards into a fixed, cash-based award in merger costs, net within the consolidated statements of income. As the equity incentive plan was terminated in 2021, no further equity or liability classified awards occurred. Therefore, the following disclosures are for prior year awards only. 
 
 Stock Options. The exercise price for options granted under the equity incentive plans equaled the closing market price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. Options generally had a 3-year vesting period and were exercisable over the 10-year contractual term. The grant date fair value was recorded to expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 34 

The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used were as follows 
 2021 2020 Expected dividend yield 0.83 1.04 Expected volatility 30.86 26.07 Risk-free interest rate 0.74 1.27 Expected term (years) 
 6.0 5.7 Weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted 58.74 37.79 
 
 The expected dividend yield was calculated as the ratio of dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant. The expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock price over a term equal to the estimated life of the options. The risk-free interest rate was determined based on U.S. Treasury rates for instruments with terms approximating the expected term of the options granted, which represents the period of time the awards are expected to be outstanding and based on the historical experience of similar awards. 
 
 Excluding the cost recognized in connection with the merger, compensation cost of 3.9 million and 4.0 million was recognized for stock option awards for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of income was 0.9 million and 1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Upon CP s acquisition of the Company s common stock per the Merger Agreement, the unvested stock options were fully vested, and the Company recognized an additional 12.3 million in merger costs, net within the consolidated statements of income for the acceleration of vesting and the increase in fair value of the awards to the Merger Consideration of 301.20 less the applicable option s exercise price. The outstanding and unexercised options at the acquisition date were then cash settled by the Company for approximately 75.2 million prior to December 31, 2021, with a corresponding reduction to additional paid-in capital. The income tax benefit recognized within the consolidated statements of income from cash settling the stock options was 15.6 million. 
 
 Additional information regarding stock option exercises appears in the table below (in millions) 
 
 2021 2020 Aggregate grant-date fair value of stock options vested 8.5 3.7 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised 34.9 13.9 Cash received from option exercises 19.9 9.9 Tax benefit from options exercised during the annual period 7.8 3.5 
 
 Nonvested Stock. The plan provided for the granting of nonvested stock awards to officers and other designated employees. The grant date fair value was based on the closing market price on the date of the grant. These awards are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates during the vesting period, which is generally 1 year or 5 years of vesting for employees. Awards granted to the Company s directors vested immediately on date of grant. The grant date fair value of nonvested shares was recognized to compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 
 The fair value (at vest date) of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 59.2 million and 15.3 million, respectively. 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of nonvested stock granted during 2021 and 2020 was 248.88 and 147.82, respectively. Excluding the cost recognized in connection with the Merger Agreement, compensation cost for nonvested stock 
 35 

was 9.8 million and 10.5 million, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized within the consolidated statements of income was 2.4 million and 2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 For the nonvested stock granted prior to March 21, 2021, the awards were fully vested on December 3, 2021, at a price of 290.71 per share. The grantee received KCS common shares, net of shares withheld for taxes, based on the 290.71 price per share for each nonvested share held at that date. The acceleration of vesting resulted in 9.6 million of additional expense recognized in merger costs, net within the consolidated statements of income. The income tax benefit recognized from the acceleration of vesting was 2.4 million. Upon CP s acquisition of the Company s common stock per the Merger Agreement, the grantee received the per share Merger Consideration value for each KCS common share held. For the nonvested stock granted after March 21, 2021, each nonvested share was replaced with a cash-based award that entitles the holder to receive a fixed amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration value of 301.20 upon rendering of the requisite service. The remaining unamortized expense will be recognized to merger costs on a straight-line basis over the remaining vesting period, which is through 2026 and is subject to the terms of the original award agreement as modified by the Merger Agreement. 
 
 Performance Based Awards. The Company granted performance based nonvested stock awards during 2021 (the 2021 Awards and 2020 (the 2020 Awards ). The awards granted provided a target number of shares that vest at the end of a 3-year requisite service period following the grant date. In addition to the service condition, the number of nonvested shares to be received depended on the attainment of defined Company-wide performance goals based on operating ratio OR and return on invested capital ROIC over a 3-year performance period. The awards were also subject to a revenue growth multiplier based on a 3-year performance period calculated as defined in the related award agreement that can range from 80 to 120 of the award earned based on the OR and ROIC achieved. The number of nonvested shares ultimately earned would range between zero to 200 of the target award. 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance based nonvested stock granted during 2021 and 2020 was 211.10 and 157.75, respectively. The Company expensed the grant date fair value of the awards which were probable of being earned over the performance periods. Excluding the cost recognized in connection with the Merger Agreement, compensation cost on performance based awards was 10.1 million and 8.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total income tax benefit recognized within the consolidated statements of income for performance based awards was 2.5 million and 2.1 million for the years ended December 31,2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The fair value (at vest date) of shares vested for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 11.7 million, and 7.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Upon CP s acquisition of the Company s common stock per the Merger Agreement, the unvested performance share awards were replaced with a fixed, cash-based award that entitles the holder thereof, upon vesting at the end of the award s original, three-year requisite service period, to receive an amount in cash equal to the Merger Consideration value of 301.20 for each performance share award held multiplied by the maximum performance factor of 200 of the original target award. The increase in the fair value of the award and the number of awards to be issued resulted in additional expense of 34.0 million recognized in merger costs, net within the consolidated statements of income for the requisite service that had been provided as of December 31, 2021. The income tax benefit recognized for the additional expense was 10.7 million. The remaining unamortized expense will be recognized to merger costs over the remaining vesting period, which is through 2024 and is subject to the terms of the original award agreement as modified by the Merger Agreement. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The employee stock purchase plan ESPP provided substantially all U.S. full-time employees of the Company, certain subsidiaries and certain other affiliated entities, with the right to subscribe to an aggregate of 4.0 million shares of common stock of the Company. Under the ESPP, eligible employees could contribute, through payroll deductions, up to 10 of their regular base compensation during six-month purchase periods at a purchase price equal to 85 of the closing market price on either the exercise date or the offering date, whichever was lower. The Company terminated its ESPP program upon entering into its initial merger agreement with CP in March 2021, thus only the January period was offered during 2021 and there were no remaining shares available for future ESPP offerings. 
 36 

At the end of each purchase period, the accumulated deductions were applied toward the purchase of the Company s common stock. Both the discount in grant price and the share option purchase price were valued to derive the award s fair value. The awards vest and the expense was recognized ratably over the offering period. 
 
 The following table summarizes activity related to the various ESPP offerings 
 Exercise Date Received from Employees(i) In millions Date Issued Purchase Price Shares Issued January 2021 offering July 1, 2021 170.83 18,046 3.1 July 2020 offering January 5, 2021 122.91 23,292 2.9 January 2020 offering July 2, 2020 126.90 23,709 3.0 
 _____________________ 
 (i) Represents amounts received from employees through payroll deductions for share purchases under applicable offering. 
 
 The fair value of the ESPP stock purchase rights was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average assumptions used for each of the respective periods were as follows 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Expected dividend yield 0.88 1.07 Expected volatility 18.65 30.55 Risk-free interest rate 0.05 1.01 Expected term (years) 
 0.5 0.5 Weighted-average grant date fair value 40.40 35.14 
 
 Compensation expense of 0.7 million and 1.7 million was recognized for ESPP option awards for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Concession Duty. Under KCSM s 50-year Concession, which could expire in 2047 unless extended, KCSM pays annual concession duty expense of 1.25 of gross revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the concession duty expense, which is recorded within materials and other in operating expenses, was 21.2 million, compared to 18.7 million and 17.4 million for the same periods in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Litigation. Occasionally, the Company is a party to various legal proceedings, regulatory examinations, investigations, administrative actions, and other legal matters, arising for the most part in the ordinary course of business, incidental to its operations. Included in these proceedings are various tort claims brought by current and former employees for job-related injuries and by third parties for injuries related to railroad operations. KCS aggressively defends these matters and has established liability provisions that management believes are adequate to cover expected costs. The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always uncertain. KCS believes it has valid defenses to the legal matters currently pending against it, is defending itself vigorously, and has recorded accruals determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, where appropriate. In making a determination regarding accruals, using available information, KCS evaluates the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome in legal or regulatory proceedings to which it is a party to and records a loss contingency when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These subjective determinations are based on the 
 37 

status of such legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of KCS s defenses and consultation with legal counsel. Actual outcomes of these legal and regulatory proceedings may materially differ from the current estimates. It is possible that resolution of one or more of the legal matters currently pending or threatened could result in losses material to KCS s consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 
 Environmental Liabilities. The Company s U.S. operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. The major U.S. environmental laws to which the Company is subject include, among others, the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA, also known as the Superfund law), the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act. CERCLA can impose joint and several liabilities for cleanup and investigation costs, without regard to fault or legality of the original conduct, on current and predecessor owners and operators of a site, as well as those who generate, or arrange for the disposal of, hazardous substances. The Company does not believe that compliance with the requirements imposed by the environmental legislation will impair its competitive capability or result in any material additional capital expenditures, operating or maintenance costs. The Company is, however, subject to environmental remediation costs as described in the following paragraphs. 
 
 The Company s Mexico operations are subject to Mexican federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment through the establishment of standards for water discharge, water supply, emissions, noise pollution, hazardous substances and transportation and handling of hazardous and solid waste. The Mexican government may bring administrative and criminal proceedings, impose economic sanctions against companies that violate environmental laws, and temporarily or even permanently close non-complying facilities. 
 
 The risk of incurring environmental liability is inherent in the railroad industry. As part of serving the petroleum and chemicals industry, the Company transports hazardous materials and has a professional team available to respond to and handle environmental issues that might occur in the transport of such materials. 
 
 The Company performs ongoing reviews and evaluations of the various environmental programs and issues within the Company s operations, and, as necessary, takes actions intended to limit the Company s exposure to potential liability. Although these costs cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the ultimate outcome of identified matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Personal Injury. The Company s personal injury liability is based on semi-annual actuarial studies performed on an undiscounted basis by an independent third party actuarial firm and reviewed by management. This liability is based on personal injury claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Actual results may vary from estimates due to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and uncertainties in litigation. Adjustments to the liability are reflected within operating expenses in the period in which changes to estimates are known. Personal injury claims in excess of self-insurance levels are insured up to certain coverage amounts, depending on the type of claim and year of occurrence. The personal injury liability as of December 31, 2022, is based on an updated actuarial study of personal injury claims through October 31, 2022, and review of the last two months experience. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an increase of 1.4 million in personal injury liability due to changes in estimates as a result of the Company s semi-annual actuarial studies and 18.3 million due to accruals, including unfavorable judgments on claims filed against the Company. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 15.6 million due to payments made on claims during 2022. 

38 

The personal injury liability activity was as follows (in millions) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Balance at beginning of year 
 32.6 31.3 Accruals 
 18.3 
 6.3 
 Changes in estimate 
 1.4 
 (1.4) 
 Payments 
 (15.6) 
 (3.6) 
 Balance at end of year 
 36.7 32.6 
 
 Tax Contingencies. Information regarding tax contingencies is included in Note 13, Income Taxes Tax Contingencies. 
 
 Contractual Agreements. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various contractual agreements related to commercial arrangements and the use of other railroads or governmental entities infrastructure needed for the operations of the business. The Company is involved or may become involved in certain disputes involving transportation rates, product loss or damage, charges, and interpretations related to these agreements. While the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company believes that, when resolved, these disputes will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 On July 14, 2022, KCSM reached an agreement with the SICT to fund a new investment in the Celaya-NBA Line Railway Bypass and related infrastructure in an amount not to exceed Ps.4.0 billion (approximately 200.0 million USD). In exchange for the investment, the SICT agreed to amend KCSM s Concession Title effective July 14, 2022, to extend the exclusivity rights granted to KCSM for an additional period of 10 years. Under this amendment, KCSM s exclusivity will now expire in 2037. 
 
 Credit Risk. The Company continually monitors risks related to economic changes and certain customer receivables concentrations. Significant changes in customer concentration or payment terms, deterioration of customer creditworthiness, bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of a customer, or weakening in economic trends could have a significant impact on the collectability of the Company s receivables and its operating results. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate and result in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. The Company has recorded provisions for uncollectability based on its best estimate as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Panama Canal Railway Company PCRC Guarantees and Indemnities. At December 31, 2022, the Company had issued and outstanding 5.8 million under a standby letter of credit to fulfill its obligation to fund fifty percent of the debt service reserve and liquidity reserve established by PCRC in connection with the issuance of the 7.0 Senior Secured Notes due November 1, 2026 (the PCRC Notes ). Additionally, KCS has pledged its shares of PCRC as security for the PCRC Notes. 

39 

Note 17. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 
 Fourth Third Second First (In millions, except per share amounts) 2022 Revenues 864.5 882.2 845.5 778.2 Operating income (i) 298.2 325.0 312.8 291.1 Net income (ii) 400.0 201.7 194.1 188.0 Net income attributable to Kansas City Southern and subsidiaries 399.4 201.3 194.1 187.4 2021 Revenues 747.8 744.0 749.5 706.0 Operating income (loss) (iii) 810.6 251.9 (431.7) 253.0 Net income (loss) 595.1 156.5 (378.0) 153.4 Net income (loss) attributable to Kansas City Southern and subsidiaries 594.5 156.2 (378.5) 153.0 
 
 _____________________ 
 (i) During the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company recognized pre-tax net merger costs of 12.8 million, 12.5 million, 11.5 million, and 9.8 million, respectively, related to the Company s merger with CP. 
 (ii) During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recognized the gain on settlement of the interest rate derivative instruments of 259.3 million. Refer to Note 10, Derivative Instruments for more information. 
 (iii)During the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2021, the Company recognized pre-tax net merger costs (income) of 19.3 million, 720.8 million, 36.5 million, and (512.6) million, respectively, related to the Company s various merger activities. The large fluctuations between the quarters are driven by the recognition and reversal of merger termination fees. For the year ended December 31, 2021, KCS incurred 1,400.0 million of merger termination fees, completely offset by the recovery of 1,400.0 million of merger termination fees recognized in merger costs, net within the consolidated statements of income. See more details in Note 3, Merger Agreement. 
 
 Note 18. Geographic Information 
 
 The Company strategically manages its rail operations as one reportable business segment over a single coordinated rail network that extends from the midwest and southeast portions of the United States south into Mexico and connects with other Class I railroads. Financial information reported at this level, such as revenues, operating income and cash flows from operations, is used by corporate management, including the Company s chief operating decision-maker, in evaluating overall financial and operational performance, market strategies, as well as the decisions to allocate capital resources. The Company s chief operating decision-maker is the chief executive officer. 
 
 The following tables provide information by geographic area (in millions) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues U.S. 1,816.2 1,580.6 1,388.5 Mexico 1,554.2 1,366.7 1,244.1 Total revenues 3,370.4 2,947.3 2,632.6 
 40 

December 31, 2022 2021 Property and equipment (including Concession assets), net 
 U.S. 
 5,885.3 5,744.4 Mexico 
 3,477.1 
 3,464.9 
 Total property and equipment (including Concession assets), net 
 9,362.4 9,209.3 
 
 Note 19. Subsequent Events 
 
 KCS Dividend to CP 
 
 On February 1, 2023, KCS paid a cash dividend of 225.0 million to a wholly-owned subsidiary of CP. 
 
 Foreign Currency Hedging 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of 535.0 million, which matured during January 2023 and obligated the Company to sell a total of Ps.11,235.2 million at a weighted-average rate of Ps.21.0 to each U.S. dollar. During January 2023, the Company entered into offsetting contracts with an aggregate notional amount of 581.4 million, which matured during January 2023 and obligated the Company to purchase a total of Ps.11,235.2 million at a weighted-average exchange rate of Ps.19.3 to each U.S. dollar, resulting in cash paid of 46.4 million. 
 
 During January 2023, the Company entered into several foreign currency forward contracts with an aggregate notional amount of 250.0 million and maturity dates in 2023 and 2024. These contracts obligated the Company to sell a total of Ps.5,114.6 million at a weighted-average exchange rate of Ps.20.5 to each U.S. dollar. 
 
 The Company has not designated these foreign currency derivative instruments as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The Company will measure the foreign currency derivative instruments at fair value each period and will recognize any change in fair value in foreign exchange gain (loss) within the consolidated statements of income. 

41 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 cp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 cp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 cp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 cp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 cp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

