<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1575858_0001493152-23-006277.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>47191710</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>234515</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>40530502</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3099407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1439940</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1703671</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006277.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228164859
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006277
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		154
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PureBase Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		IRS NUMBER:				272060863
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55517
		FILM NUMBER:		23686587

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8631 STATE HIGHWAY 124
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 757
		CITY:			IONE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95640
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(530) 676-7873

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8631 STATE HIGHWAY 124
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 757
		CITY:			IONE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95640

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Port of Call Online Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006277.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange 
 on
 which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.0001 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a small reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company or an emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of May 31, 2022, the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . Solely for purposes of this disclosure,
shares of common equity held by officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be
affiliates. This determination of executive officers and directors as affiliates is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any
other purposes. 

As
of February 28, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 17 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 23 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 29 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 30 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 31 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 32 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 35 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 38 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 39 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 42 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 43 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 45 

SIGNATURES 
 46 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements that reflect management s current views with respect to future events
and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, 
 plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Those statements include statements regarding
the intent, belief or current expectations of us and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements
are based. Current and prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve risk and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the
section entitled Risk Factors any of which may cause our company s or our industry s actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and without limitation: 

We
undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated
events or changes in the future operating results over time except as required by law. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms Company, we, us, 
and our, refer to PureBase Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, PureBase Agricultural, Inc., a Nevada corporation PureBase AG and U.S. Agricultural Minerals, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Purebase SCM ). 

Corporate
History 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 2, 2010, under the name Port of Call Online, Inc. to create a web-based service
that would offer boaters an easy, convenient, fun, easy to use, online resource to help them plan and organize their boating trips. Pursuant
to a corporate reorganization consummated on December 23, 2014 Corporate Reorganization ), the Company changed its business
focus to the identification, acquisition, development and full-scale exploitation of industrial and natural mineral properties in the
United States for the development of products for the construction and agriculture markets. In line with this business focus, the Company
changed its name to PureBase Corporation in January 2015. 

The
Company is headquartered in Ione, California. 

Business
Overview 

We
are an industrial mineral and natural resource company that provides solutions to the agriculture and construction materials markets
in the United States, through our two subsidiaries, Purebase AG, and Purebase SCM, respectively. The Company has not yet commenced mining
operations and relies on US Mine LLC. for its raw materials. 

We
utilize the services of US Mine Corporation USMC ), a Nevada corporation and a significant shareholder of the Company,
for the development and contract mining of industrial mineral and metal projects, exploration drilling, preparation of feasibility studies,
mine modeling, on-site construction, production, site reclamation and for product fulfillment. Exploration services include securing
necessary permits, environmental compliance, and reclamation plans. In addition, a substantial portion of the minerals used by the Company
are obtained from properties owned or controlled by USMC. A. Scott Dockter, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director,
and John Bremer, a director, are also officers, directors and owners of USMC. 

3 

We
obtain certain raw clay materials from US Mine LLC through a materials extraction agreement. US Mine LLC is a mining and exploration
company that provides contract services to the global mining industries. US Mine LLC owns the mining property which USMC leases and pays
US Mine LLC a royalty. A Scott Dockter, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a director, and John Bremer, a director, are
each 33 owners of US Mine LLC. 

Agricultural
Sector 

We
develop specialized fertilizers, sun protectants, soil amendments and bio-stimulants for organic and non-organic sustainable agriculture.
We have developed and will seek to develop additional products derived from mineralized materials of leonardite, kaolin clay, laterite,
and other natural minerals. These mineral and soil amendments are used to protect crops, plants and fruits from the sun and winter damage,
to provide nutrients to plants, and to improve dormancy and soil ecology to help farmers increase the yields of their harvests. We are
building a brand family under the parent trade name Purebase, consisting of our Purebase Shade Advantage WP product, a
kaolin-clay based sun protectant for crops and Humic Advantage a humic acid product derived from leonardite. 

PureBase
Shade Advantage WP 

Shade
Advantage WP is a natural mineral plant protectant that reduces sunburn damage to plant tissue (including fruits, such as watermelons,
citrus, tomatoes, apples and cherries and walnuts) exposed to UV and infrared radiation through the absorption and dissipation of ultraviolet
and infrared radiation, which protects and reduces the stress on plants. 

The
anticipated benefits of this product include: 

Adherences
 to plant tissue, fruit, and wood bark without the need for surfactants (stickers) 
 
 Protection
 against sunburn of plant tissue and sun scalding of fruits, nuts, and vegetables 
 
 Designed
 for application on organic and sustainable crops 
 
 When
 sprayed on dormant trees, Shade Advantage WP has the potential of mitigating weather induced
 dormancy interference. 

Shade
Advantage WP is available in 25 lb. bags. 

Humic
Advantage 

In
2021, the Company hired a chemist to further develop a humic acid product derived from leonardite. The Company began field trials in
the spring and fall of 2021 with produce and fruit growers, in Arizona and California. Data evaluation from these trials is ongoing,
however, anecdotal evidence suggests increased growth in wine grapes on depleted soil profiles with low organic matter. The Company sold
its first batch of humic acid to a produce grower in Arizona in April 2022. 

The
Company is currently expanding field trials into both wine grapes and produce. 

Humic
Advantage is a humic acid product derived from leonardite, locally sourced in Ione, California. Humic acid is a group of molecules heterogenous
in nature, consisting of both aliphatic and aromatic carbons. We believe that humic acids are an important medium for soil health, water
retention, and positive interactions with the soil microbiome. Humic acids can act as a chelator, interacting with other molecules in
the soil profile, leading to a decrease in the leaching of metals and nutrients in some cases. Furthermore, some scientific publications
have shown that the application of humic acid can increase plant dry mass, particularly in forage crops, due to increases in root matter
and nodulation. 

Industry
Overview 

The
overview below shows the size and scope of the crops that could potentially use products that we develop: 

California s
Top 10 Agricultural Commodities in 2021 

4 

According
to the California Department of Food and Agriculture CDFA ), California s agricultural abundance includes more than
400 commodities and over a third of the country s vegetables and two-thirds of the country s fruits and nuts are grown in
California. California s top-10 valued commodities for the 2021 crop year are: 

Dairy
 Products, Milk 7.57 billion 
 
 Grapes
 5.23 billion 
 
 Almonds
 5.03 billion 
 
 Cattle
 and Calves 3.02 billion 
 
 Pistachios
 2.91 billion 
 
 Lettuce
 2.03 billion 
 
 Tomatoes
 1.02 billion 
 
 Walnuts
 1.02 billion 
 
 Rice
 1.00 billion 

According
to the CDFA in 2020 California s farms and ranches received 51.1 billion in cash receipts for their output. This represents a
3.6 increase in cash receipts compared to the previous year. 

According
to the CDFA, California agricultural exports totaled 20.8 billion in 2020, a decrease of 4.1 from 2019. Top commodities for export
included almonds, dairy and dairy products, pistachios, walnuts and wine. California s agricultural export statistics are produced
by the University of California, Davis, Agricultural Issues Center. California organic product sales totaled more than 11.9 billion
in 2020, an increase of 14.4 from the prior year, according to the CDFA. Organic production encompasses over 2.19 million acres in the
state and California is the only state in the U.S. with a United States Department of Agriculture USDA National Organic
Program according to the CDFA. 

North
America humic acid market size was valued above 200 million in 2021 and is expected to grow at a compounded annual growth rate over
11 from 2022 to 2028 according to data included in the North America Humic Acid Market Forecast released by the USDA. 

In
2021, as per the USDA, the estimated number of farms in the U.S. were 2,012,050, representing a decline of 6,950 farms from 2020. The
total land in farms decreased by 1,300,000 acres in the same period. We believe that this decline will drive farmers to improve crop
yields within more limited space. We believe that humic acid can improve yield rates by enhancing soil texture, nutrient buffering capacity,
water retention characteristics, and plant growth by enabling efficient uptake of nutrients from soil. We believe that humic acid aids
in fighting soil erosion by increasing the ability of soil colloids to combine and by enhancing root system and plant development and
can also reduce water salination issues raised in the use of water-soluble mineral fertilizers. 

In
2020, according to the CDFA, the horticultural segment held around 20 share in the North America humic acid market. We believe a positive
outlook of floriculture, pomology, and olericulture will pave the way for product growth as humic acid is widely used as a biostimulant
within these sectors. Humic acid helps in altering primary and secondary plant metabolism, improving root growth, and enhancing crop
tolerance to environmental stresses. Humic acid is widely used in foliar applications along with fulvic acid to increase cell wall permeability
and enable easy movement of nutrients through plants. 

Distribution 

The
Company distributes its Shade Advantage WP product through several large agricultural distribution companies and co-ops including Helena
Agri-Enterprises, LLC, Brandt, and Aligned Ag Distributors. Through this network of distribution companies, our products reach farmers
and growers in the agricultural industry. The Company also private labels product for other agricultural companies. The Company has also
exported limited product to Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia, and trials are being conducted in Peru to determine the effectiveness of Shade
Advantage WP on bananas. 

5 

Competition
in the Agricultural Sector 

Major
competitors with our agricultural products include: 

PureShade
 with Calcium Carbonate: manufactured by Novasource, a division of Tessenderlo Kerley, Inc. 

Surround:
 A kaolin-clay-based sun protectant manufactured by Novasource, a division of Tessenderlo Kerley, Inc. 

BioFlora:
 a comprehensive agricultural products company based in Arizona. 

Mesa
 Verde Humates, a division of Bio Huma Netics, a manufacturer of humate-based products based in New Mexico. 

The
 Andersons Humic Solutions: A humic based products mining and manufacturing firm focused in the US Midwest, which produces highly
 competitive organic products which are sold and distributed throughout the United States. 

Wilbur
 Ellis: one of the largest family-owned agricultural companies in the world. 

Construction
Sector 

The
Company has been developing and testing a kaolin-based product that it believes will help create a lower CO2-emitting concrete through
the use of high-quality supplementary cementitious materials SCMs ). We are developing a SCMs for the construction material
markets, particularly the cement markets. that we believe can potentially replace up to 40 of cement, the most polluting part of concrete.
As government agencies continue to enact stricter requirements for less-polluting forms of concrete, we believe there are significant
opportunities for high-quality SCM products in the construction-materials sector. 

Industry
Overview 

Domestic
Production and Use 

Most
portland cement is used to make concrete, mortars, or stuccos, and competes in the construction sector with concrete substitutes, such
as aluminum, asphalt, clay brick, fiberglass, glass, gypsum (plaster), steel, stone, and wood. Certain materials, especially fly ash
and ground granulated blast furnace slag, develop good hydraulic cementitious properties by reacting with lime, such as that released
by the hydration of portland cement. Where readily available (including as imports), these SCMs are increasingly being used as partial
substitutes for portland cement in many concrete applications and are components of finished blended cements. Clay-based SCM s
may also offer high strength in addition to being able to replace more cement than traditional fly ash. 

The
Portland Cement Association PCA reports that cement consumption rose by 0.3 year-on-year in the first 11 months of 2022.
According to the PCA, the U.S. is also set to spend 1 trillion on new and rehabilitated infrastructure projects which we believe would
consume 46 Metric Tons of cement over a five-year program. Over a quarter of this amount would be used on roads, bridges and resiliency
structures. 

We
believe that production and use of cement will increase in the upcoming years due to President Biden s signing a 1.2 trillion
infrastructure bill into law in November 2021, which is anticipated to provide 550 billion of new federal investments in America s
infrastructure over five years, including bridges, roads, broadband, water and energy systems. We believe that funds are needed for safe
travel, as well as the efficient transport of goods and produce across the country. The nation s infrastructure system earned a
C- score from the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2021. 

As
per the PCA, the current infrastructure legislation provides for a 110 billion investment in roads, bridges and major infrastructure
projects. Included is 40 billion for bridge repair, replacement and rehabilitation and 16 billion for major projects that would be
too large or complex for traditional funding programs. It is believed that 173,000 miles of the nation s highways and major roads
are in poor condition, as are 45,000 bridges. 

6 

Competition
in the Construction Sector 

Potential
competitors in the SCM space include other kaolin producers that are located in the eastern U.S. (predominantly Georgia), including BASF
Corporation, Thiele Kaolin Company, Active Minerals International, LLC, Burgess Pigment Company, IMERYS, and KaMin LLC. Other potential
competitors include fly ash distributors, notably Boral Industries, Inc. and Waste Management, Inc., and existing coal burning power
plants (which produce fly ash as a byproduct of energy production.) 

Currently
in the western U.S., there are coal burning plants in Nevada, Utah, Oregon, and Washington. There are coal burning plants in Mexico and
India from which fly ash can be imported. Other potential competitors are steel mills from which slag is produced as a byproduct of production
(which is also a material that can replace fly ash.) 

Newer
technology could produce further competition, such as CO2-entrained concrete products that are produced by companies like Climeworks,
a direct air capture company that vacuums carbon out of the air. Carbon entrainment companies include Carbon Engineering Ltd, and Carbon
Cure Technologies, which has received significant investments by Bill Gates, Microsoft, Amazon, and others. 

Many
of our competitors have greater exploration, production, and capital resources than we do, and may be able to compete more effectively
in any of these areas. For example, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisition of desirable mineral properties,
on exploration of their mineral properties and on development of their mineral properties. This competition could result in competitors
having mineral properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may finance the exploration and development of
their mineral properties. 

Government
Controls and Regulations 

Natural
resource exploration, mining and processing operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing
prospecting, exploration, development, production, labor standards, occupational health, mine safety, control of toxic substances, and
other matters involving environmental protection and employment. United States environmental protection laws address the maintenance
of air and water quality standards, the preservation of threatened and endangered species of wildlife and vegetation, the preservation
of certain archaeological sites, reclamation, and limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous
wastes, among other things. There can be no assurance that all the required permits and governmental approvals necessary for any mining
project with which we may be associated can be obtained on a timely basis, or maintained in good standing. Delays in obtaining or failure
to obtain necessary government permits and approvals may adversely impact our operations. The regulatory environment in which we operate
could change in ways that would substantially increase costs to achieve compliance. In addition, significant changes in regulations could
have a material adverse effect on our operations and ability to timely and effectively implement our drilling/mapping programs and develop
our mining properties. 

The
following governmental controls and regulations materially affect the mining properties we, or our third party mineral suppliers, will
seek to explore and develop. 

Federal
Regulation of Mining Activity 

Mining
operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. At the federal level, mining properties are subject
to inspection and regulation by the Division of Mine Safety and Health Administration of the Department of Labor MSHA under provisions of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. The Occupation and Safety Health Administration OSHA also has jurisdiction over certain safety and health standards not covered by MSHA. Mining operations and all proposed exploration and
development will require a variety of permits. In addition, any mining operations occurring on federal property are subject to regulation
and inspection by the Bureau of Land Management BLM ).. We currently own mining rights in several properties having existing
permits in place or properties where existing permitting requirements and other applicable environmental protection laws and regulations
would not pose a material hindrance to our ability to explore and develop such properties. As part of our initial evaluation of suitable
projects, we ascertain a property s regulatory compliance status and any issues affecting current or future permitting requirements. 

7 

All
of our current rights are to mining projects governed by the BLM and the US Forest Service. The Federal Land Policy and Management Act
(1976) established the BLM s multiple-use mandate to manage the public lands in a manner that will protect the quality of
scientific, scenic, historical, ecological, environmental, air and atmospheric, water resource, and archeological values; that, where
appropriate, will preserve and protect certain public lands in their natural condition . The Lands, Minerals Water Rights
branch coordinates with BLM planning and resource specialists to manage surface resources, minerals and water rights to ensure that authorized
uses of public lands. 

Mining
Environmental Regulations 

Mining
activities, including drilling, mapping and development and production activities are subject to environmental laws, policies and regulations.
These laws, policies and regulations affect, among other matters, emissions to the air, discharges to water, management of waste, management
of hazardous substances, protection of natural resources, protection of endangered species, protection of antiquities and reclamation
of mined land. Legislation and implementation of regulations adopted or proposed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), the BLM and by comparable agencies in various states, directly and indirectly affect the mining industry in the
United States. These laws and regulations address the environmental impact of mining and mineral processing, including potential contamination
of soil and water from tailings, discharges and other wastes generated by the mining process. In particular, legislation such as the
Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), and the National Environmental
Policy Act require analysis and/or impose effluent standards, new source performance standards, air quality standards and other design
or operational requirements for various components of mining and mineral processing, including natural resource mining and processing
of the type presently or to be conducted by the Company, through USMC. Such statutes also may impose liability on mine developers for
remediation of waste they have created. 

Mining
projects also are subject to regulations under (i) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA 
or Superfund which regulates and establishes liability for the release of hazardous substances and (ii) the Endangered
Species Act ESA which identifies endangered species of plants and animals and regulates activities to protect these species
and their habitats. Any potential future amendment to CERLA or ESA may impact our business. 

The
Clean Air Act, as amended, mandates the establishment of a federal air permitting program, identifies a list of hazardous air pollutants,
including various metals and pollutants, and establishes new EPA enforcement authority. The EPA has published final regulations establishing
the minimum elements of state operating permit programs. We will be required to comply with these EPA standards to the extent adopted
by the State in which development projects are located. 

Future
regulations are unknown but expected to occur. The new U.S. Administration has rejoined the Paris Climate Accord and placed further restrictions
on carbon-emitting activities. Future restrictions and higher standards could negatively impact our ability to bring new products to
market, as well as bring new opportunities for products that can reduce CO2 emissions. 

In
addition, developing mining sites requires mitigation of long-term environmental impacts by stabilizing, contouring, re-sloping, and
revegetating various portions of a site. While a portion of the required work can be performed concurrently with developing the property,
completion of the environmental mitigation occurs once removal of all materials and facilities has been completed. These reclamation
efforts are conducted in accordance with detailed plans which have been reviewed and approved by the appropriate regulatory agencies.
The mining developer must ensure that all necessary cash deposits and financial resources to cover the estimated costs of such reclamation
as required by permit are made. 

We
intend that any exploration and development of mining projects by the Company will be conducted in substantial compliance with federal
and state regulations and be consistent with the need to remediate any environmental impact. 

8 

Agricultural
Products Certifications 

All
sales of agricultural products have to be registered in order to be sold, distributed and /or applied in farming operations. Standards
for registration are set and regulated by the USDA at the federal level. All state agencies must also comply with federal guidelines.
There are guidelines for the registration and labelling of the products for agriculture use, some of which are federal, others are State.
Our organic product, PureBase Shade Advantage WP, must meet several additional qualifications in order to become registered. 

In
California, for example, the task of regulating the registration processes is carried out by the CDFA. There are some activities within
the regulatory process that are executed by recognized and licensed private entities such as chemical laboratories and certifying laboratories.
In some instances, in accordance with various international treaties, some of bilateral and some by regional structures (European Union,
etc.) and some governmental and private organizations are recognized and licensed to play particular roles in certifying and/or in the
certifying processes. 

Currently
we have one product fully registered as an organic plant protectant, PureBase Shade Advantage WP. The WP stands for Wettable Powder which
means the powder goes into suspension when mixed with water. We have registration certificates for this product in several states including
California and Washington. Our product is currently registered in the US and California as an agricultural product. 

Our
newest product, Humic Advantage, has received an Organic Materials Review Institute certification and is currently approved for sale
in Arizona and is under review with the CDFA for approval to sell Humic Advantage in California as a soil amendment. 

Employees 

The
Company currently has four full-time employees and one part time employees. We currently anticipate hiring additional employees for the
Company s production operations, subject to sufficient funding, if our product development and distribution programs continue to
expand. 

Outside
services, relating primarily to agricultural market research and product development, and the development and application of SCMs, as
well as other technical matters related to product development and branding activities, will be provided by various independent contractors. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties
in addition to other information in this report in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing shares of our common stock.
Our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed due to any of the following risks. You could lose all
or part of your investment due to any of these risks. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

The
Company is an early stage company which makes the evaluation of its future business prospects difficult. 

The
Company changed its business focus to its current business of developing agricultural and natural resources as a result of a reorganization
with its wholly owned subsidiary PureBase AG which occurred in December 2014, and only commenced selling its agricultural products during
2017 and has not yet achieved profitable operations. In 2019, the Company began developing a SCM for the construction materials market. 

The
Company s success is dependent upon the successful development of suitable mineral projects, establishing its production capability
and establishing a customer base for its agricultural products. Any future success will depend upon many factors, including factors beyond
our control which cannot be predicted at this time. These factors may include changes in or increased levels of competition; the availability
and cost of bringing mineral projects into production; the amount of agricultural and/or natural resources available and the market price
of and the uses for such minerals. These factors may have a material adverse effect upon our business operating results and financial
condition. 

9 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
audited consolidated financial statements as of November 30, 2022, have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as
a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report that included an explanatory paragraph
referring to our recurring losses from operations and generating negative cash flows from operations and our significant working
capital deficiency, accumulated deficit and net loss for the year ended November 30, 2022, expressing substantial doubt in our
ability to continue as a going concern without additional capital becoming available . For the fiscal year ended November 30,
2022, we had a loss from operations of 32,544,312 and negative cash flows from operations of approximately 838,254. We anticipate
that we will continue to incur operating losses and generate negative cash flows for the foreseeable future as we execute our
development plans for 2023, as well as other potential strategic and business development initiatives. In addition, we expect to
have negative cash flows from operations, for the foreseeable future. We have previously funded and plan to continue funding these
losses primarily through the sale of equity and debt. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to
obtain additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures, and, ultimately, to generate
sufficient revenue to fund our operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising capital and have adequate
capital resources to fund our operations or that any additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms or in amounts
required by us. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital resources to fund operations, we may be required to delay, scale back or
eliminate some or all of our plan of operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
ability to operate as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We
will need to raise additional capital for the foreseeable future in order to continue operations and realize our business plans, the
failure of which could adversely impact our operations. 

Although
we have started to generate revenue, such revenue is not sufficient to cover our operating expenses and financing costs. As of November
30, 2022, we had liabilities of 1,295,845 and a working capital deficiency of 620,290. To stay in business, we will need to raise additional
capital through public or private sales of our securities, debt financing or short-term bank loans, or a combination of the foregoing.
In the past, we have financed our operations by issuing secured and unsecured convertible debt and equity securities in private placements,
in some cases with equity incentives for the investor in the form of warrants to purchase our common stock and have borrowed from related
parties. The Company may issue up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 of two-year convertible promissory notes to USMC. As of November 30,
2022 the Company has issued 646,889 of convertible notes. There are no other commitments to provide us with financing. If we are unable
to obtain additional financing from USMC or other sources, we may have to suspend operations, sell assets and will not be able to execute
our plan of operations. Failure to become and remain profitable may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability
to raise capital and continue operations. Our inability to secure capital to fund exploration and, if warranted, development costs for
our mineral properties would create a competitive cost disadvantage in the marketplace which would have a material adverse effect on
our operations and potential profitability. 

External
factors, including the complex permitting process may result in delays or not receiving permits at all. 

While
we have considerable experience in the mining permitting process, permitting procedures are complex, costly, time consuming and subject
to potential regulatory delay. We may not be able to obtain permits required for our projects in a timely manner, on reasonable terms,
or at all. If we, or our third-party suppliers, cannot obtain or maintain the necessary permits, or if there is a delay in receiving
such permits, our timetable and business plan for development and mining of these properties or those of third-party suppliers could
be adversely affected. 

Federal
regulation of mining activity may change resulting in additional unforeseen expenses and potential losses. 

Legislation
to make significant revisions to the U.S. General Mining Law of 1872 would affect our potential development of unpatented mining claims
on federal lands, including any royalty on mineral production. It cannot be predicted whether any of these proposals will become law.
Any levy of the type proposed would only apply to unpatented federal lands and accordingly could adversely affect the profitability of
any future mineral production from projects being explored by the Company on federal property. 

10 

We
cannot be certain that future changes in laws and regulations would not result in significant additional expenses, capital expenditures,
restrictions or delays associated with the exploration and development of our current or future projects. We cannot predict whether we
will be able to obtain new permits or whether material changes in permit conditions will be imposed. Obtaining new mining permits or
the imposition of additional conditions could have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop the mining properties in which
we have an interest or ownership or could increase the costs charged by third party suppliers or decrease the amount of minerals available
from third party suppliers. 

We
will need to grow the size and capabilities of our company, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

If
and when the execution of our plan of operations, including marketing plans and business strategies further develop, we may need to recruit
additional managerial, operational, sales and marketing, financial, IT and other personnel. If we are not able to effectively expand
our company by hiring new employees and expanding our consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks
necessary to achieve our marketing, research, development, and expansion goals, and we may face loss and be liable for deficiencies in
service caused by the lack of capable personnel or errors made by third parties. 

We
depend solely on a single third party for mining services and our operations could be adversely affected if we cannot negotiate further
service agreements. 

We
currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, solely on USMC, a company controlled by our Chief Executive Officer
and a director, for our mining services. There can be no assurance that mining services provided by the related party will continue to
be available to us after the end of the service agreement s term. If we are unable to extend the mining service agreement or find
another mining service provider our business operations may be interrupted. 

If
we lose key employees and consultants or are unable to attract or retain qualified personnel, our business could suffer. 

Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified technical, marketing, engineering, and
management personnel. Any inability in hiring and retaining qualified personnel could result in delays in development or fulfillment
of any current strategic and operational plans. 

Our
officers and directors are able to control the Company and may have different interest than our stockholders. 

Our
officer and directors and their affiliates own approximately 76 of the common stock of our company. As a result, they have significant
influence over the management and affairs of the Company and control over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election
of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. Their interests may
differ from the interests of other stockholders and thus result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to other stockholders.
This concentration of ownership and influence in management and board decision-making could also harm the price of our capital stock
by, among other things, discouraging a potential acquirer from seeking to acquire shares of our capital stock (whether by making a tender
offer or otherwise) or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Raising
funds through debt or equity financings in the future, would dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders and possibly subordinate
certain of their rights to the rights of new investors or creditors. 

We
currently hope to raise additional funds in debt or equity financings if available to us on terms we believe reasonable to provide for
working capital, mining development and production programs, expansion of our marketing efforts or to make acquisitions. Any sales of
additional equity or convertible debt securities would result in dilution of the equity interests of our existing stockholders, which
could be substantial. Additionally, if we issue shares of preferred stock or convertible debt to raise funds, the holders of those securities
might be entitled to various preferential rights over the holders of our common stock and such debt instruments may contain negative
covenants restricting corporate actions which could have an adverse effect on the rights and the value of our common stock and our operations. 

11 

We
currently face larger, better financed and established competition and could face additional competitors in the future which could result
in pricing pressures and inability to expand market share. 

At
the present time the Company is aware of other companies providing similar agricultural and natural resources to those of the Company s.
In addition, other entities not currently offering the minerals or product uses similar to the Company s may enter the industrial
and agricultural markets. The Company s natural resources and products will also have to compete with established companies providing
minerals (such as fly ash for use in making cement) which are already in commercial and agricultural use. Any such competitors would
likely have greater financial, mining production, production facilities, marketing and sales resources than the Company. Increased competition
may result in pricing pressures and the inability to increase market share, which may have an adverse effect on the Company s business,
operating results and financial condition. 

At
present, our sales are concentrated in a few customers and the loss of any one customer could result in decreased revenue, increased
losses and significant cash flow problems. 

The
Company s sales are presently concentrated within a few customers. If any of these customers choose to no longer be a customer,
in particular, the customers that provide the most significant percentage of revenue, for any reason, and these customers are not replaced,
we will sustain additional losses as our fixed cost base will be left uncovered and consume working capital leading to significant cash
flow problems. 

An
increase in the price of natural resources will adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
Company s business plan is based on current development costs and current prices of the natural resources being developed or purchased
by the Company. However, the price of minerals can be very volatile and subject to numerous factors beyond our control including industrial
and agricultural demand, inflation, the supply of certain minerals in the market, and the costs of mining, refining and shipping of the
minerals. Since the Company will be obtaining all of its minerals from third party suppliers, any significant increase in the price of
these natural resources will have a materially adverse effect on the results of the Company s operations unless it is able to offset
such a price increase by implementing other cost cutting measures or passing such increases on to its customers. While the Company has
attempted to secure stable pricing and supply pursuant to its agreement with USMC, there is no assurance that the Company will not incur
future price increases or supply shortages of its raw materials. 

We
may lose rights to properties if we fail to meet payment requirements or development and/or production schedules. 

Rights
to some of our mineral properties from leaseholds or purchase mining rights require the payment of royalties, rent, minimum development
expenditures or other installment fees or specified expenditures. If we fail to make these payments/expenditures when they are due, our
mineral rights to the property may be terminated. This would be true for any other mineral rights which require payments to be made in
order to maintain such rights. Some contracts with respect to mineral rights we may acquire may require development or production schedules.
If we are unable to meet any or all of the development or production schedules, we could lose all or a portion of our interests in such
properties. Moreover, we may be required in certain instances to pay for government permitting or posting reclamation bonds in order
to maintain or utilize our mineral rights in such properties. Because our ability to make some of these payments is likely to depend
on our ability to generate internal cash flow or obtain external financing, we may not have the funds necessary to meet these development/production
schedules by the required dates which would result in our inability to use the properties. 

12 

Management
may be unable to implement its business strategy resulting in diminished returns and sustained losses. 

The
Company s business strategy is to develop and extract or obtain certain minerals which they believe can have significant commercial
applications and value. The Company s business strategy also includes developing new uses and products derived from these mineral
resources, such as the use of pozzolan as an ingredient for cement or sulfate and Humate for agricultural uses. There is no assurance
that we will be able to identify and/or develop commercially viable uses for the minerals we will be mining or obtaining. In addition,
even if we identify and/or develop commercial uses and markets for our minerals, the time and cost of mining or otherwise obtaining,
refining, blending and distributing such minerals may exceed our expectations or, when developed, the amount of minerals available may
fall significantly short of our expectations thus providing a lower return on investment or a loss to the Company. 

We
have not yet established sustained and increasing sales from our customer base or distribution system. 

Despite
expanding our established customer base and distribution system for our agricultural products in fiscal 2022 we did not experience a
significant increase in sales. However, we are now engaged in promoting sales and marketing in an effort to increase the sales revenue
of our agricultural products to customers and through the distribution system. To date, we have one long term supply contract for our
minerals and agricultural products with USMC. Our inability to attract additional customers for our agricultural products, to deliver
products in a time and cost-effective manner or develop our SCM business would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
the growth of our business. 

Mineral
exploration and mining are highly regulated industries requiring significant compliance requirements. 

Mining
is subject to extensive regulation by state and federal regulatory authorities. State and federal statutes regulate environmental quality,
safety, exploration procedures, reclamation, employees health and safety, use of explosives, air quality standards, pollution
of stream and fresh water sources, noxious odors, noise, dust, and other environmental protection controls as well as the rights of adjoining
property owners. We strive to verify that mining projects in which we own rights, are currently operating or can be operated in substantial
compliance with all known safety and environmental standards and regulations applicable to such mining properties and activities. We
also seek suppliers and service providers, such as USMC, who we believe are operating in substantial compliance with all safety and environmental
standards and regulations applicable to such mining properties and activities. However, there can be no assurance that our compliance
efforts regarding our own properties would not be challenged or that future changes in federal or state laws, regulations or interpretations
thereof will not have a material adverse effect on our ability to establish and sustain mining operations of our own properties or adversely
affect the mining properties of our suppliers or service providers. 

Certain
of our current and proposed products will require certifications before being suitable for intended purposes. 

Some
of our agricultural products and our SCM s will require certain certifications before being suitable for labeling and usage. For
example, our SCM must be certified by the California Department of Transportation to meet certain strength standards to be certified
for use in large government projects. Similarly, our agricultural products must be certified under USDA and CDFA specifications and properly
labeled. While the Company has certified one of its agricultural products under USDA and CDFA specifications and has received Organic
Materials Review Institute certification on its newest product, and is currently working with various laboratories and agencies to acquire
future certifications, there is no assurance that future certifications will be obtained. 

We
incur increased costs as a result of being a public company. 

We
are a public reporting company with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). As a public reporting company,
we incur significant legal, accounting, reporting and other expenses not generally applicable to a private company. We also incur costs
associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley as well as other rules implemented by the SEC. These rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

13 

The
outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus could continue to negatively impact our business and the global economy. In addition, the COVID-19
pandemic could negatively impact our ability to obtain financing when required. 

The
COVID-19 coronavirus has spread across the globe and is impacting worldwide economic activity. A pandemic, including COVID-19 or other
public health epidemic, poses the risk that we or our employees, consultants, suppliers, customers, and other commercial partners may
be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to the spread of the disease or shutdowns
requested or mandated by governmental authorities. While our operations have not been significantly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic,
there can be no assurance that this trend will continue. COVID-19 has had an adverse impact on global economic conditions, which could
impair our ability to raise capital when needed. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which
makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

Rule
15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 
 
 the
 broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting
 forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 
 
 make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person
 and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable
 of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 
 
 that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
 transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Our
securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act. The penny stock
rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks
in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value
of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation
information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer
in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in
a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock
rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. 

14 

Our
securities are quoted on the OTC Pink Tier, which does not provide us as much liquidity for our investors as an exchange, such as the NASDAQ
Stock Market or other national or regional exchanges. 

Our
securities are quoted on the OTC Pink Tier, which provides significantly less liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market or other
national or regional exchanges. Securities quoted on the OTC Pink are usually thinly traded, highly volatile, have fewer market
makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply
to securities quoted on the OTC Pink Tier. Quotes for stocks included on the OTC Pink markets are not widely publicized. Therefore,
prices for securities traded solely on the OTC Pink may be more difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be unable to
resell their securities in a timely manner or at stable prices, or at any price. We cannot assure you a liquid public trading market
in our common stock will develop. 

The
market price of our common stock may be adversely affected by several factors. 

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly in response to various factors and events, including: 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

operating
 results below expectations; 

announcements
 of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

industry
 developments; 

economic
 and other external factors; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
addition, the securities markets have, at times, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

Because
we are a smaller reporting company, we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance
measures, our stockholders have limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

Sarbanes-Oxley,
as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange, the Amex Equities Exchanges and NASDAQ, as a result
of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance
the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities which are listed on those exchanges or the NASDAQ.
Because we will not be seeking to be listed on any of the exchanges in the near term, we are not presently required to comply with many
of the corporate governance provisions. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance
is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested
director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to
expand our operations. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited
to the value of our common stock. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our capital stock will depend on our earnings, financial condition and other business and economic
factors affecting us at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be
less valuable because a return on any investment in our common stock will only occur if our common stock price appreciates. 

15 

A
sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market under Rule 144 or upon the exercise of outstanding
convertible debt or equity, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which
the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also
could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future
at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

We
may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock, which would reduce the percent of ownership held by current stockholders. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 520,000,000 shares of common stock of which as of February 28, 2023, 230,453,005
shares are issued and outstanding. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common
stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance
of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares
held by our investors and may have an adverse effect on any trading market of our common stock. 

Compliance
with changing regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. 

In
recent years, there have been several changes in laws, rules, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public
disclosure, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), Sarbanes-Oxley
and various other new regulations promulgated by the SEC and rules promulgated by the national securities exchanges. The Dodd-Frank Act,
enacted in July 2010, expands federal regulation of corporate governance matters and imposes requirements on publicly-held companies,
including us, to, among other things, provide stockholders with a periodic advisory vote on executive compensation and also adds compensation
committee reforms and enhanced pay-for-performance disclosures. Sarbanes-Oxley specifically requires, among other things, that we maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure of controls and procedures. Compliance may result in higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. Our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards
are likely to continue to result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Compliance
with new rules may make it more difficult to attract and retain directors. 

Compliance
with new and existing laws, rules, regulations and standards may make it more difficult and expensive for us to maintain director and
officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
Members of our board of directors and our principal executive officer and principal financial officer could face an increased risk of
personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified
directors and executive officers, which could harm our business. We continually evaluate and monitor regulatory developments and cannot
estimate the timing or magnitude of additional costs we may incur as a result. 

We
have reported material weaknesses in internal controls in the past. 

We
have reported material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, and we cannot provide any assurances
that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future or that we can effectively remediate our reported weaknesses.
If our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, there may be errors in our
financial statements that could require a restatement, or our filings may not be timely, and investors may lose confidence in our reported
financial information. 

16 

Section
404 of Sarbanes-Oxley requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting every quarter and as
of the end of each year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
in each Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect
that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Furthermore,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or
by management override of the controls. Over time, controls may become inadequate because changes in the conditions or deterioration
in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

As
a result, we cannot assure you that additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting will not be identified in the future or that we can effectively remediate our reported weaknesses. Any failure to maintain
or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we may encounter in their implementation, could result in significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements
in our consolidated financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations
regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting required under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley
and the rules promulgated thereunder. The existence of material weaknesses could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements
and subsequent restatements of our consolidated financial statements, cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting obligations and cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Office
Facilities 

The
Company leased its 1,000 square feet of office space, located in Ione, California from USMC for 1,500 per month through October 2022.
Effective November 1, 2022 the lease was amended to extend the term through October 2024, and to add an additional 700 square feet, for
 3,500 per month, with automatic one month renewals. A. Scott Dockter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Bremer, a
director, each own 33 of USMC. 

Mineral
Properties and Interests 

Company
Right to Acquire Properties 

Snow
White Mine in San Bernardino County, CA 

On
November 28, 2014 US Mining and Minerals Corporation entered into a purchase agreement in which it agreed to sell its fee simple property
interest and certain mining claims to USMC. In contemplation of the Company s Reorganization, on December 23, 2014, USMC, assigned
its rights and obligations under the purchase agreement to the Company pursuant to an assignment of purchase agreement. The purchase
agreement provides for the sale of approximately 280 acres of mining property containing 5 placer mining claims known as the Snow White
Mine located near Barstow, California in San Bernardino County. The property is covered by a Conditional Use Permit allowing for the
mining of the property and a Plan of Operation and Reclamation Plan has been approved by San Bernardino County and the BLM. An initial
deposit of 50,000 was paid to escrow, and the Purchase Agreement required the payment of an additional 600,000 at the end of the escrow
period. There was a delay in the original seller, Joseph Richard Matthewson, receiving a clear title to the property and a fully permitted
project, both of which were conditions to closing. In light of the foregoing, and the payment of an additional 25,000, the parties agreed
to extend the closing. Due to delays in the Company securing the necessary funding to close the purchase of the Snow White Mine property,
John Bremer, a shareholder and a director of the Company, paid 575,000 to acquire the property on or about October 15, 2015. Mr. Bremer
will transfer title to the Company when the Company pays Mr. Bremer 575,000 plus expenses, however, the Company is under no obligation
to do so. The mining claims require a minimum royalty payment of 3,500 per year to be made by the Company. 

17 

During
the year ended November 30, 2017, USMC, agreed to offset the 75,000 deposit against money owed to USMC. As a result, the purchase price
is 650,000 plus expenses. Mr. Bremer has not restricted the Company from continuing its exploration on or access to the Snow White mine
property. 

The
Snow White Mine property is located 17 miles north of Hinkley, California in San Bernardino County. This 280 acre combination of owned
property (80 acres) and Non-Patented Placer Claims (200 acres) includes 8.33 acres which are conditionally permitted and ready for further
development. The project entry is made on Hinkley Road which is a four mile paved county-maintained road which converts to an existing
unpaved road for the remaining 13 miles to the mine site. 

The
fee property comes with clear title to surface and mineral rights. The claims are situated on federal BLM land. These claims are held
with annual maintenance payments to the BLM and annual filings of intent to hold and affidavit assessment work. There is no expiration
date on ownership of the leases as long as the annual payments are made and the annual filings are completed. They are both current.
There is no equipment present at the claims location. No improvements have been made at the claims location. Power when needed, is from
portable generators. Processing equipment when onsite is self-powered. 

On
September 5, 2019, the Board approved the discontinuance of all mining and related activities at the Snow White project. 

On
April 1, 2020, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with the Bremer Family 1995 Living Trust, a trust controlled by
John Bremer, a director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase the Snow White Mine for 836,000 (the Purchase
Price ). The Purchase Price plus 5 interest is payable in full in cash at the closing which must occur at any time before April
1, 2022 (the Closing Date ). On April 14, 2022, the agreement was amended to extend the Closing Date to April 14, 2023. 

PureBase
Ag Properties 

Federal
Mineral Preference Rights Lease in Esmeralda County, Nevada 

On
October 6, 2014, PureBase Ag entered into an Assignment of Lease from USMC pursuant to which PureBase Ag acquired the rights to a Preference
Rights Lease granted by the BLM covering approximately 2,500 acres located on the western side of the Weepah Hills in the Mount Diablo
Meridian area of Esmeralda County, Nevada (the Esmeralda Project ). As consideration for the Assignment of Lease, PureBase
Ag assumed the obligation to pay all future annual lease payments, currently 7,503 and all other ongoing fees and expenses relating
to the development of the Esmeralda Project. 

Esmeralda
Project s leased property contains mining property known as the Chimney 1 Potassium/Sulfur Deposit which consists
of 15.5 acres of land fully permitted for mining operation which is situated within 2,500 acres under a Federal Mineral Preference Rights
Lease. The project has an approved Reclamation Plan Nevada Division of Environmental Protection Permit #0192 and an approved
Plan of Operations, BLM Case Number N65-99-001P. There is a reclamation bond in place in the amount of 47,310.30. The BLM is the bond
holder. 

The
current operation is an open pit mine site which is fully permitted and partially developed. The total allowed disturbed acreage for
the existing and approved reclamation plan is 14.45 acres. The site entrance is located approximately 10 miles south of Highway 95/6
on Highway 265 on the east side of the Highway. The mine site location is 3.4 miles of unpaved road from the Highway. The existing site
equipment consists of a 40 storage container, an 8,000 gallon water tank and portable single axle truck scale. Pit development
began in 2013 by USMC and rectified drawings have been recorded to the existing site disturbance. Power when needed, is from portable
generators. Processing equipment when onsite is self-powered. 

18 

We
believe that the property is known to contain large amounts of altered volcanic tuff composed of Alunite, K-Alum, Jarosite, Gypsum, Native
Sulfur and K-feldspar. The geology of the area around the mine site includes deposits of potassium and sulfur described as being in an
elongated dike like or neck like mass of rhyolite having the appearance of being intrusive into gently folded white and red sedimentary
rhyolitic tuffs of Tertiary age. Sulfur occurs in this area as irregular seams and blebs in altered Tertiary sedimentary rocks and welded
tuffs (Albers and Stewart 1972). The area has been mapped as Tertiary Esperanza Formation. Much of the area is covered with quaternary
alluvium partially obscuring the relationships of the underlying rocks. It appears that these fumarolic deposits are related to plutonic
outcrops in the area, specifically the Weepah Hills Pluton. 

19 

20 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Except
as described below, there are no material pending legal proceedings in which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or in which any
director, officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or
security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

On
July 8, 2020, former Chief Financial Officer, Al Calvanico Calvanico ), filed a demand for arbitration alleging retaliation,
wrongful termination, and demand for a minimum of 600,000 in alleged stock value, plus interest, recovery of past and future wages,
attorneys fees, and punitive damages (collectively, the Calvanico Claims ). The Company denied all Calvanico Claims.
The Company believes Calvanico is owed nothing because it takes the position that Calvanico was not terminated, but rather, his employment
contract expired on September 21, 2019, in accordance with its terms, and was not renewed by Company and because Calvanico never exercised
his stock options. On February 14, 2020, the Company requested in writing that Calvanico exercise his stock options within 30 days. Calvanico
failed to do so. To date, Calvanico has not exercised his stock options. The discovery phase of the binding arbitration concluded on
February 3, 2023. The arbitrator s decision is due June 30, 2023. 

On
January 11, 2019, the Company filed a complaint in the Second Judicial District Court in the State of Nevada, Washoe County (Case # CV19-00097)
against Agregen International Corp Agregen and Robert Hurtado alleging the misuse of proprietary and confidential information
acquired by Mr. Hurtado while employed by the Company as Vice President of Agricultural Research and Development. Mr. Hurtado was terminated
in March 2018 and since that time the Company alleges that he conspired with Agregen to improperly use proprietary and confidential information
to compete with the Company which constitute breaches of the non-compete and confidentiality provisions of his employment agreement with
the Company. On March 14, 2019, Agregen and Mr. Hurtado filed an answer to the Company s Complaint that the allegations were false.
On March 13, 2020, the Company filed a First Amended Complaint, adding James Todd Gauer and John Gingerich as additional defendants.
A settlement agreement was entered into between the parties, effective June 3, 2022 and a Notice of Settlement was filed in the District
Court pursuant to which, 8,669,000 shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the defendants were surrendered to
the Company and the Company granted Mr. Gauer an immediately exercisable five year option to purchase 8,669,400 shares of common stock,
at an exercise price of 2.50. The lawsuit was fully settled and dismissed on August 9, 2022. 

21 

On
March 29, 2019, the Company was served with a complaint filed by Superior Soils Supplements LLC Superior Soils in the
Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Kings (Case #19C-0124) relating to 64 truckloads of soil amendments
delivered to a customer by the Company on behalf of Superior Soils. Superior Soils alleged that the soil amendments were not labeled
correctly requiring the entire shipment of product to be returned to the Company. The complaint alleges breach of contract, misrepresentations,
fraudulent concealment and unfair competition. The complaint seeks damages of approximately 400,000
and, although the Company is vigorously defending such claims, it has accrued 400,000 for such risk. The Company filed its answer
on May 6, 2019, denying responsibility for the mislabeling and denying any liability for damages .
 The matter is set for trial in April 2023. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

The
exploration and development of mining projects is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). MSHA s activities include the inspection of
mining operations on a regular basis and the issuance of various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under
the Mine Act. Following passage of the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006, MSHA has significantly increased its
inspection and enforcement programs. 

The
Company and its mining service provider, USMC, as natural resource mining operators, are required to report certain mine safety violations
or other regulatory matters as mandated by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K. Currently, the Company
does not engage in any mining and all mining properties are inactive. There are currently no such violations or regulatory matters to
report. 

Since
the Company has only conducted limited mining operations, only the Chimney 1 sulfate mineral project is MSHA approved for operation.
The Company s remaining mining projects have not been inspected by MSHA. The Company or its project operators have not received
any citations or orders pertaining to any violation of the Mine Act or any other federal or state regulation relating to its mining activities
during the year ended November 30, 2022. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Tier under the symbol PUBC. On February 28, 2023, the closing price of our common
stock reported by the OTC Pink Tier was 0.08 per share. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of February 28, 2023, there were 97 shareholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, for working
capital purposes and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

22 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of November 30, 2022: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average Exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 50,000 
 0.12 
 9,500,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 128,638,187 
 0.53 
 - 

(1) 
 Represents
 options to purchase (i) 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock granted to a consultant for services provided under the
 2017 Stock Option Plan 
 
 (2) 
 Represents
 options to purchase (i) 300,000 shares of common stock granted to our former Chief Financial Officer, for services provided to the
 Company, (ii) 200,000 shares of common stock granted to a former employee, for services provided to the Company, (iii) an aggregate
 of 1,492,424 shares of common stock issued to two directors of the Company, (iv) 116,000,000 shares of common stock issued to USMC
 as compensation under the Materials Extraction Agreement, (v) 8,669,400 shares of common stock issued to James Todd Gauer as part of
 a legal settlement, and (vi) an aggregate of 1,976,363 shares of common stock issued to employees and consultants for services
 provided to the Company. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as set forth below, there were no sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Report that were not registered under
the Securities Act and were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 300,000 shares of common stock to an investment banking firm pursuant to an investment
banking agreement for services rendered to the Company. 

On
June 3, 2022, the Company granted an immediately exercisable five-year option to purchase 8,669,400 shares of common stock with an exercise
price of 2.50 per share as part of a legal settlement. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted immediately exercisable three-year options to purchase an aggregate of 246,748 shares of common
stock with an exercise price of 0.24 per share to two individuals for administrative and advisory services. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted an immediately exercisable four-year option to purchase 242,424 shares of common stock with an exercise
price of 0.24 per share to a director for science advisory services provided to the Company. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted immediately exercisable five-year options to purchase an aggregate of 450,000 shares of common
stock with an exercise price of 0.24 per share to two directors. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted immediately exercisable five-year options to purchase an aggregate of 1,100,000 shares of common
stock to two consultants for business development services. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted an immediately exercisable five-year option to purchase 184,615 shares of common stock to an individual
for administrative accounting support. 

The
above issuances did not involve any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering and we believe are exempt
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

23 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , intends ,
 expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts ,
 potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are
only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our or our industry s actual
results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or performance expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity or performance. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report.
These cautionary statements should be considered with any written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue in the future.
You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from
what we expect. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update
such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required by
applicable law. 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ).
The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company is based upon, and should be read
in conjunction with, the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business
Overview 

We
are an industrial mineral and natural resource company that provides solutions to the agriculture and construction materials markets
in the United States, through our two subsidiaries, Purebase AG, and Purebase SCM, respectively. The Company has not yet commenced mining
operations and relies on US Mine LLC for its raw materials. 

Agricultural
Sector 

 We
develop specialized fertilizers, sun protectants, soil amendments and bio-stimulants for organic and non-organic sustainable agriculture.
We have developed and will seek to develop additional products derived from mineralized materials of leonardite, kaolin clay, laterite,
and other natural minerals. These mineral and soil amendments are used to protect crops, plants and fruits from the sun and winter damage,
to provide nutrients to plants, and to improve dormancy and soil ecology to help farmers increase the yields of their harvests. We are
building a brand family under the parent trade name Purebase, consisting of its Purebase Shade Advantage WP product, a
kaolin-clay based sun protectant for crops and Humic Advantage a humic acid product derived from leonardite. 

Construction
Sector 

We
are developing and testing a kaolin-based product that it believes will help create a lower CO2-emitting concrete through the use of
high-quality supplementary cementitious materials SCMs ). We are developing SCMs for the construction material markets,
particularly the cement markets that we believe can potentially replace up to 40 of cement, the most polluting part of concrete. As
government agencies continue to enact stricter requirements for less-polluting forms of concrete, we believe there are significant opportunities
for high-quality SCM products in the construction-materials sector. 

We
utilize the services of USMC, for the development and contract mining of industrial mineral and metal projects, exploration drilling,
preparation of feasibility studies, mine modeling, on-site construction, production, site reclamation and for product fulfillment. Exploration
services include securing necessary permits, environmental compliance, and reclamation plans. In addition, a substantial portion of the
minerals used by the Company are obtained from properties owned or controlled by USMC. A. Scott Dockter, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and a director, and John Bremer, a director, are also officers, directors and owners of USMC. 

24 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended November 30, 2022 to the Year Ended November 30, 2021 

November 30, 
 November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Revenue, net 
 471,608 
 369,450 
 102,158 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 32,883,673 
 8,500,338 
 24,383,335 
 
 Product fulfillment 
 132,247 
 107,928 
 24,319 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (32,544,312 
 (8,238,816 
 (24,305,496 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 2,007 
 23,200 
 (21,193 
 
 Interest expense 
 (40,120 
 (91,581 
 51,461 
 
 Net Loss 
 (32,582,425 
 (8,307,197 
 (24,275,228 

Revenues 

Revenues
increased by 102,158, or 28 , for the year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to the year ended November 30, 2021. The increase is
primarily attributable to the Company acquiring new customers for its agricultural products during the year ended November 30, 2022. 

Operating
Expenses 

Total
operating expenses increased by 24,407,654, or 284 for the year ended November 30, 2022 as compared to the year ended November 30,
2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 24,383,335, or 287 , primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation
of 24,198,691 from the year ended November 30, 2021, of which 21,835,651 is attributable to an option to purchase 116,000,000 shares
of common stock granted to USMC, on October 6, 2021. The Company expects operating expenses, primarily due to stock-based compensation,
to remain elevated through March 2023, when the Company will no longer expense the USMC options to purchase 116,000,000 shares. 

Product
fulfillment expenses increased by 24,319, or 23 , for the year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to the year ended November 30, 2021,
primarily due to the increase in revenue during the year ended November 30, 2021. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other
income (expense) decreased 30,268, or 44 , for the year ended November 30, 2022, as compared to the year ended November 30, 2021, primarily
due to the decrease in interest expense as a result of the conversion of USMC convertible debt into shares of common stock in April 2022.
The decrease in interest expense was partially offset by a decrease in other income of 21,193. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of November 30, 2022, we had cash on hand of 19,055 and a working capital deficiency of 620,290, as compared to cash on hand of 132,309
and a working capital deficiency of 2,241,254 as of November 30, 2021. The decrease in working capital deficiency is primarily a result
of the decrease in the current portion of convertible notes payable due to related party of 958,671, which was converted to common
stock and a decrease of due to affiliated entities of 729,059. 

The
Company s operating activities consume the majority of its cash resources. The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur
operating losses as it executes its development plans for 2023, as well as other potential strategic and business development initiatives.
In addition, the Company has had and expects to have negative cash flows from operations, at least into the near future. The Company
has previously funded, and plans to continue funding, these losses with cash advances from USMC and the sale of equity, and convertible
notes. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 

25 

Although
no assurances can be given as to the Company s ability to deliver on its revenue plans or that unforeseen expenses may arise, management
currently believes that the revenue to be generated from operations together with equity and debt financing, including funding from USMC
in connection with the March 23, 2022 securities purchase agreement, will provide the necessary funding for the Company to continue as
a going concern for the next twelve months. On April 7, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related
party, pursuant to which the Company may issue up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 of two-year convertible promissory notes to USMC. The
notes bear interest at 5 per annum and any outstanding principal or interest under the notes are convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, at any time at the option of the holder, at a conversion price of 0.39 per share. Currently, the Company has issued 610,889
of convertible notes under such securities purchase agreement and may issue an additional 389,111 of convertible notes. However, there
currently are no other arrangements or agreements for financing, and management cannot guarantee any other potential debt or equity financing
will be available, or if available, on favorable terms. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, the Company
will need to curtail operations, or cease operations completely. 

Going
Concern 

The
consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue
as a going concern. The Company has accumulated losses from inception through November 30, 2022, of 53,643,649, as well as negative
cash flows from operating activities and a working capital deficiency. During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company received
net cash proceeds of 755,000 from USMC. Additionally, USMC paid 11,323 to vendors on behalf of the Company during the year ended November
30, 2022. The Company does not have sufficient cash to meet its obligations in the twelve months following the date of this Annual Report
if it does not generate additional revenue and obtain equity and debt financing from USMC. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is in the process of evaluating various financing alternatives
in order to finance the capital requirements of the Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful with its fund-raising
initiatives. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. 

Working
Capital Deficiency 

November 30, 
 November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 23,786 
 138,903 
 
 Current liabilities 
 644,076 
 2,380,157 
 
 Working capital deficiency 
 (620,290 
 (2,241,254 

The
decrease in current assets is primarily due to the decrease in cash on hand of 113,309. The decrease in current liabilities is primarily
a result of the decrease in the current portion of convertible notes payable due to related party of 958,671 and a decrease of due
to affiliated entities of 729,059. 

Cash
Flows 

Year Ended November 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (838,254 
 (823,561 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 725,000 
 948,420 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash 
 (113,254 
 124,859 

26 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 838,254 for the year ended November 30, 2022 and was primarily due to the net loss of 32,582,425
which was partially offset by non-cash expenses of 31,663,507. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 823,561 for the year ended November 30, 2021 and was primarily due to the net loss of 8,307,197
which was partially offset by non-cash expenses of 7,467,614. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the year ended November 30, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 725,000, of which 755,000 was advances from USMC which
was offset by 30,000 in payments to A. Scott Dockter in connection with an outstanding note payable. 

For
the year ended November 30, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 948,420, of which 1,017,520 was advances from USMC
which was offset by 69,100 in payments to A. Scott Dockter in connection with an outstanding note payable. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Effects
of Inflation 

Inflationary
factors such as increases in the costs to purchase products, acquire mineral rights and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating
results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date,
a continued high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin
and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues if the selling prices of our services do not increase with
these increased costs. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. We believe that the accounting policies below are critical to fully understand and evaluate
our financial condition and results of operations. 

Fair
Value Measurement 

As
defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The
Company utilizes market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions
about risk and the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated,
or generally unobservable. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The hierarchy
gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurement). This fair value measurement framework applies at both initial and subsequent
measurement. 

Level
 1: 
 Quoted
 prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in
 which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
 basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives, marketable securities and listed
 equities. 

Level
 2: 
 Pricing
 inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as
 of the reported date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.
 These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities,
 time value, volatility factors and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant
 economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument,
 can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.
 Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest rate swaps, options
 and collars. 

Level
 3: 
 Pricing
 inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally
 developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

27 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

The
Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such
assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the forecasted undiscounted net cash flows of
the operation to which the assets relate to the carrying amount. If the operation is determined to be unable to recover the carrying
amount of its assets, then these assets are written down first, followed by other long-lived assets of the operation to fair value. Fair
value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending on the nature of the assets. 

Income
Taxes 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets, including tax loss
and credit carry forwards, and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The
Company utilizes ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. The Company accounts
for income taxes using the asset and liability method to compute the differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and
the related financial amounts, using currently enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely-than-not 
that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

For
uncertain tax positions that meet a more likely than not threshold, the Company recognizes the benefit of uncertain tax
positions in the consolidated financial statements. The Company s practice is to recognize interest and penalties, if any, related
to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company accounts for revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The Company derives
revenues from the sale of its agricultural products. The Company s contracted transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance
obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company s contracts have a single
performance obligation which are not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and is, therefore, not distinct. The
Company s performance obligation is satisfied upon the transfer of risk of loss to the customer. 

Exploration
Stage 

In
accordance with GAAP, expenditures relating to the acquisition of mineral rights are initially capitalized as incurred while exploration
and pre-extraction expenditures are expensed as incurred until such time as the Company exits the exploration stage by establishing proven
or probable reserves. Expenditures relating to exploration activities such as drill programs to establish mineralized materials are expensed
as incurred. Expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable reserves
are established for that project, after which expenditures relating to mine development activities for that particular project are capitalized
as incurred. 

28 

Mineral
Rights 

Acquisition
costs of mineral rights are capitalized as incurred while exploration and pre-extraction expenditures are expensed as incurred until
such time as the Company exits the exploration stage by establishing proven or probable reserves, as defined by the SEC under Industry
Guide 7, through the completion of a final or bankable feasibility study. Expenditures relating to exploration
activities are expensed as incurred and expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such time proven
or probable reserves are established for that project, after which subsequent expenditures relating to development activities for that
particular project are capitalized as incurred. 

Where
proven and probable reserves have been established, the project s capitalized expenditures are depleted over proven and probable
reserves upon commencement of production using the units-of-production method. Where proven and probable reserves have not been established,
such capitalized expenditures are depleted over the estimated production life upon commencement of extraction using the straight-line
method. 

The
carrying values of the mineral rights are assessed for impairment by management on a quarterly basis or when indicators of impairment
exist. Should management determine that these carrying values cannot be recovered, the unrecoverable amounts are written off against
earnings. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ), which requires the measurement
and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to employees, including employee stock options, in its statements
of operations. 

For
stock options issued to employees and members of the Company s board of directors for their services, the Company estimates the
grant date fair value of each option using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model
requires management to make assumptions with respect to the expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the Common Stock
consistent with the expected life of the option, risk-free interest rates and expected dividend yields of the Common Stock. For awards
subject to service-based vesting conditions, including those with a graded vesting schedule, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation
expense equal to the grant date fair value of stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally
the vesting term. Forfeitures are recorded as they are incurred as opposed to being estimated at the time of grant and revised. 

Pursuant
to ASU 2018-07 Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting ,
the Company accounts for stock options issued to non-employees for their services in accordance ASC 718. The Company uses valuation methods
and assumptions to value the stock options that are in line with the process for valuing employee stock options noted above. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

Any
new and recently adopted accounting pronouncements are more fully described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included
in this Annual Report for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

29 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing disclosure controls and procedures,
our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls
and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon
that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of November 30, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting described below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officer and effected
by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 based on the framework
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as
of November 30, 2022 was not effective. 

A
material weakness, as defined in the standards established by Sarbanes-Oxley is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

30 

The
ineffectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses: 

Inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 

Lack
 of formal policies and procedures to ensure timely closing of the Company s books and records and that material transactions are timely communicated; 

Lack
 of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks on a timely manner; and 

Lack
 of personnel with GAAP experience and sufficient knowledge to oversee its financial reporting function, including a chief financial
 officer. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weakness 

Management
has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness
are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: 

Continue
 to search for and evaluate qualified independent outside directors; 

Continue
 to search for a qualified chief financial officer; 

Identify
 gaps in our skills base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company;
 and 

Continue
 to develop policies and procedures on internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness of operations on existing
 controls and procedures. 

We
have engaged a third-party financial operations consulting firm to assist with the preparation of SEC reporting. 

Management
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exempt smaller reporting companies from this
requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter that have materially affected,
or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below are the present directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

A.
 Scott Dockter 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 

Kimberly
 Kurtis 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

John
 Bremer 
 
 73 
 
 Director 

Jeffrey
 Guzy 
 
 71 
 
 Director 

Our
directors are elected for a term of one year and serve until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified. Each
executive officer serves at the pleasure of the Board. 

A.
Scott Dockter Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 

A
Scott Dockter has been Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since September 24, 2014, Chief Financial Officer from May
24, 2019 to January 21, 2021, and March 25, 2021 to the present, and President and a director of PureBase AG since January 22, 2014.
Mr. Dockter has also served as the chief executive officer and a director of USMC since 2012. Mr. Dockter was a manager-member of US
Agricultural Minerals, LLC USAM from its inception in June 2013 until its acquisition by PureBase AG on November 24,
2014. Mr. Dockter is a manager-member of US Mine, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, which owns a 3,306 acre mining property
located in Ione, California. From July 2010 to June 2012, Mr. Dockter served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Steele
Resources Corp., a public company and its subsidiary Steele Resources, Inc. which were involved in the property evaluation and exploration
for gold. Over the course of his 30-year career, Mr. Dockter has been responsible for the development of several large open pit and underground
mines in the United States, having worked extensively in the states of Nevada, California, Idaho, and Montana. Mr. Dockter has a comprehensive
involvement in the mining business, including exploration, permitting, mine development, construction, financing, operations, asset acquisitions,
and marketing and sales, with a wide range of commodities including industrial minerals, gold, silver, copper and other precious metals. 

Mr.
Dockter s significant experience relating to operational management, industry expertise and as Chief Executive Officer of the Company
led to his appointment as a director of our company. 

Dr.
Kimberly Kurtis Director 

Dr.
Kimberly Kurtis has been a director of the Company since August 10, 2021. Dr. Kurtis has been Associate Dean and a professor in the School
of Civil and Environmental Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology Georgia Tech since 2014. Dr. Kurtis joined
Georgia Tech s faculty in January 1999. Dr. Kurtis has served as Georgie Tech s ADVANCE Professor from 2012 to 2014, and
she holds a courtesy appointment in the School of Materials Science and Engineering. Dr. Kurtis earned a BSE in Civil Engineering in
1994 from Tulane University under a Dean s Honor Scholarship, and a M.S. in 1995 and PhD in 1998 in Civil Engineering from the
University of California at Berkeley, where Dr. Kurtis was a Henry Hilp Fellow and a National Science Foundation Fellow. Dr. Kurtis s
research on the multi-scale structure and performance of cement-based materials has resulted in more than 200 technical publications
and three U.S. patents. 

Dr.
Kurtis was appointed to the Board because of her expertise in the development of supplementary cementitious materials. 

John
Bremer Director 

John
Bremer has been a director of the Company since December 24, 2014 and a director of PureBase Ag since February 5, 2015. Mr. Bremer has
served as a director and President of USMC since February 2014. Mr. Bremer was also a manager-member of USAM from its inception in June
2013 until its acquisition by PureBase AG on November 24, 2014. Mr. Bremer is also a manager-member of US Mine, LLC which owns a 3,306 acre mining property located in Ione, California. For the past 21 years Mr. Bremer has been the chief executive officer of GroWest,
Inc. a holding company with subsidiary companies in the heavy equipment rental and property development business in California. Mr. Bremer
started his career teaching college level horticulture and soil science classes, opened and managed large mining operations for Riverside
Cement and California Portland Cement Company and has worked with cement producers including to help design material input methodologies
to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions from calcining cement. Mr. Bremer developed a large organic composting operation in Riverside County,
California which he sold to Synagro Technologies, Inc., currently part of The Carlyle Group. Mr. Bremer has been involved in property
development in Riverside County and Napa Valley in California including permitting processes. Mr. Bremer earned his Bachelor s
degree in Agri-Business from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona, California. 

32 

Mr.
Bremer was appointed to the Board because of his industry experience. 

Jeffrey
Guzy Director 

Jeffrey
Guzy has been a director since April 8, 2020. Mr. Guzy has served as a director of Leatt Corporation (OTC:LEAT) since May 2007 and Capstone
Companies (OTC:CAPC) since May 2007. Mr. Guzy has served as a director of Brownie s Marine Group Inc. (OTC:BWMG) and Life on Earth,
Inc. (OTC:LFER) since 2019. Mr. Guzy held executive positions at several large international companies, including Loral Space, Sprint
International, Verizon and IBM. Mr. Guzy founded and has served as executive chairman, president and chief executive officer at CoJax
Oil Gas Corporation (OTC:CJAX) since 2017. Mr. Guzy served as chief executive officer for Central Oil Gas Corp. of America
from 2013 through 2020. Mr. Guzy founded Facilicom International, Inc., an international telephone company is 1994. Mr. Guzy has also
served as an executive manager of business development to several telecom companies including Bell Atlantic Corp. Mr. Guzy received an
MBA from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania, an MS in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania,
and a BS in Electrical Engineering from Pennsylvania State University. 

Mr.
Guzy was appointed to the Board because of his business acumen as well as his business development experience. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no arrangements or understandings between our directors and directors and any other person pursuant to which they were appointed
as an officer and director of the Company. In addition, there are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal
conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking
industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

We
have established two committees under the Board of Directors, an audit committee and a compensation committee. 

The
Company does not have a nominating committee. The full Board of Directors considers nominations for new members to the Board. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee currently has two members, Jeffrey Guzy, Chairman, and A. Scott Dockter. The Compensation Committee initially
determines matters relating to executive officer compensation, including the issuances of stock options and other compensatory matters.
The Compensation Committee then makes recommendations to the Board of Directors, concerning such executive officer compensation. 

33 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee currently has two members Jeffrey Guzy, Chairman, and John Bremer. The Audit Committee is responsible for: (i) selection
and oversight of our independent accountants; (ii) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding
accounting, internal controls, and auditing matters; (iii) establishing procedures for the confidential, anonymous submission by our
employees of concerns regarding accounting and auditing matters; (iv) engaging outside advisors; and (v) funding for the outside auditor
and any outside advisors engagement by the audit committee. 

Our
board has determined that Mr. Guzy qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined in Item 407(d)
of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation earned by the Company s non-employee directors for services
rendered as a director during the year ended November 30, 2022: 

Director
Compensation Table 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards(1) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Jeffrey Guzy 
 - 
 12,000 
 59,331 (2) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 71,331 
 
 John Bremer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Kimberly Kurtis 
 - 
 12,000 
 104,729 (3) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 116,729 

(1) The
 aggregate grant date fair value is computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 
 (2) Represents
 an immediately exercisable option to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common
 stock at an exercise price of 0.24 per share. 
 
 (3) Represents
 an immediately exercisable option to purchase 442,424 shares of the Company s common
 stock at an exercise price of 0.24 per share. 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company entered into a twelve month director agreement with Jeffrey Guzy, as amended on August 26, 2022 (the Guzy
Director Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Guzy will serve as a director of the Company, which agreement will automatically renew
(the Renewal Date for successive one-year terms unless either party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the
Agreement within 30 days of the expiration of the then current term. As compensation therefor, Mr. Guzy is entitled to a cash fee of
 1,000 per month which accrues as debt to the Company until the Company has its first cash-flow positive month. Any amounts owed to Mr.
Guzy at the Renewal Date or upon Mr. Guzy resignation or removal (the Termination Date will be converted into common
stock at a price per share equal to market price on the exchange or trading market where such stock is then traded or quoted or the volume-weighted
average price VWAP of the common stock for the 20-days immediately preceding the Renewal Date or the Termination Date,
as the case may be. Mr. Guzy was also issued a five-year stock option to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of 0.24. The Agreement also includes a non-competition provision during the term of the Agreement and for twelve months thereafter. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company entered into a twelve month director agreement with Dr. Kurtis, as amended on August 26, 2022 (the Kurtis
Director Agreement pursuant to which Dr. Kurtis will provide up to five hours per month of board services, which agreement will
automatically renew (the Renewal Date for successive one-year terms unless either party notifies the other of its desire
not to renew the Agreement within 30 days of the expiration of the then current term. As compensation therefor, Dr. Kurtis is entitled
to a cash fee of 1,000 per month which accrues as debt to the Company until the Company has its first cash-flow positive month. Any
amounts owed to Dr. Kurtis at the Renewal Date or upon Dr. Kurtis resignation or removal (the Termination Date will be converted into common stock at a price per share equal to market price on the exchange or trading market where such stock is
then traded or quoted or the volume-weighted average price VWAP of the common stock for the 20-days immediately preceding
the Renewal Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be. Dr. Kurtis was also issued a five-year stock option to purchase 200,000
shares of common stock at 0.36. The Agreement includes a non-competition provision during the term of the Agreement and for twelve months
thereafter. 

34 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to the directors, officers
and employees of the Company. We have filed a copy of our Code as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on
February 28, 2018. Our Code may be reviewed by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition,
a copy of the Code will be provided without charge upon request from us. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
10 of our equity securities Reporting Persons ), to file reports ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. 

Based
solely on our review of copies of such reports and representations from Reporting Persons, we believe that during the fiscal year
ended November 30, 2022, the Reporting Persons timely filed all such reports except that A. Scott Dockter, our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director, failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting the disposal of 1,400,00 shares,
500,000 shares and 1,000,000 shares of common stock on February 22, 2022, June 17, 2022 and August 10, 2022, respectively. Both
A. Scott Dockter and John Bremer, a director failed to file timely file a Form 4 disclosing their indirect beneficial ownership of
30,620,626 shares of common stock and options to purchase 38,666,667 shares of common stock held by USMC and US Mine
LLC, respectively, over which they each have 33 voting and dispositive power. 

Changes
in Nominating Process 

There
are no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table shows the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer (the Named Executive Officer ).
No other executive officer received compensation in excess of 100,000 during the year ended November 30, 2022. 

Name
 and 
 Principal 
 Position

Year 

Salary 
 )

Bonus 
 )

Stock 
 Awards 
 )

Option 
 Awards 
 )

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensa- 
 tion 
 () 

Non-qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 )

All
 Other 
 Compensa- 
 tion 
 )

Total
 ) 

A.
 Scott Dockter, 

2022 

120,000
 
 (1) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

120,000 

Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 Chief
 Financial 
 Officer, 
 President
 and Director 

2021 

120,000
 
 (2) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

120,000 

(1) 
 Does
 not include 2,308 of accrued salary. 

(2) 
 Does
 not include 5,538 of accrued salary. 

35 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company does not have any employment agreements with its executive officers. 

Change-in-Control
Agreements 

The
Company does not have any change-in-control agreements with its executive officers. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

There
were no outstanding equity awards made to our Named Executive Officer as of November 30, 2022. 

2017
Stock Option Plan 

The
Board of Directors approved the Company s 2017 Stock Option Plan (the 2017 Plan on November 10, 2017, and the Company s
stockholders approved the 2017 Plan on November 10, 2017. The 2017 Plan provides for stock-based and other awards to the Company s
employees, consultants and directors. 

The
maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under the 2017 Plan is 10,000,000 shares, which may be replenished and
will automatically increase on January 1 st of each year for a period of nine years commencing on January 1, 2018, and ending
on (and including) January 1, 2026, in an amount equal to the greater of (i) 10 of the total number of shares of common stock issued
and outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (ii) 10,000,000 shares. As of the date of this Report, 9,950,000
shares of the Company s common stock are available for issuance under the 2017 Plan. 

Shares
subject to stock awards granted under the 2017 Plan that expire or terminate without being exercised in full, or that are paid out in
cash rather than in shares, do not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the 2017 Plan. 

The
maximum number of shares of common stock that may be subject to awards granted under the 2017 Plan to any one individual during any calendar
year may not exceed 1 of the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the award grant date (as adjusted from
time to time in accordance with the provisions of the 2017 Plan). 

Plan
Administration. Our Board of Directors, or a duly authorized committee of our Board of Directors, will administer the 2017 Plan.
Our Board of Directors may also delegate to one or more of our officers the authority to designate employees (other than officers) to
receive specified stock awards and determine the number of shares subject to such stock awards. Under the 2017 Plan, the Board has the
authority to determine and amend the terms of awards and underlying agreements, including: 

whether
 each option granted will be an incentive stock option or a non-statutory stock option; 
 
 the
 fair market value of the common stock; 
 
 recipients; 
 
 whether
 and to what extent 2017 Plan awards are granted; 
 
 the
 exercise and purchase price of stock awards, if any; 
 
 the
 number of shares subject to each stock award; 
 
 the
 form of agreement(s) used under the 2017 Plan; 
 
 the
 vesting schedule applicable to the awards, together with any vesting acceleration, pro rata
 adjustments to vesting; 
 
 any
 waiver of forfeiture restrictions; and 
 
 the
 form of consideration, if any, payable on exercise or settlement of the award. 

36 

Under
the 2017 Plan, the Board also generally has the authority to effect, with the consent of any adversely affected participant: 

the
 reduction of the exercise, purchase, or strike price of any outstanding award; 
 
 the
 cancellation of any outstanding award and the grant in substitution therefore of other awards,
 cash, or other consideration; or 
 
 any
 other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principle. 

Stock
Options . Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees and non-statutory stock options may be granted to employees and
consultants under stock option agreements subject to the terms of the 2017 Plan, provided that the exercise price of a stock option generally
cannot be less than 100 of the fair market value (110 of the fair market value to an employee who is also a 10 stockholder) of our
common stock on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2017 Plan vest at the rate specified in the stock option agreement. The
term of an option shall be no more than ten years from the date of grant and, in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a person
who at the time of such grant is a 10 stockholder, the term shall be no more than five years from the date of grant. 

Termination.
 An optionee shall have 30 days to exercise an option, to the extent vested upon termination for service, unless such termination
is for cause in which case such option shall terminate immediately. An option to the extent vested shall terminate 6 months after termination
for disability and 12 months after death of the optionee that occurs within 30 days of termination of service. 

Stock
Purchase Right. Restricted stock awards may also be granted under the 2017 Plan and are granted under restricted stock purchase agreements.
If a participant s service relationship with us ends for any reason, we may receive any or all of the shares of common stock held
by the participant that have not vested as of the date the participant terminates service with us through a forfeiture condition or a
repurchase right. 

Changes
to Capital Structure . Subject to any action required under applicable laws by the stockholders of the Company, the number of shares
of common stock covered by each outstanding award, and the number of shares of common stock that have been authorized for issuance under
the 2017 Plan but as to which no awards have yet been granted or that have been returned to the 2017 Plan upon cancellation or expiration
of an award, as well as the price per share of common stock covered by each such outstanding award, shall be proportionately adjusted
for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of common stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, combination, recapitalization or reclassification of the common stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued
shares of common stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any convertible
securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall
be made by the administrator, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided
herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall
affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of common stock subject to an
award. 

Corporate
Transactions . Our 2017 Plan provides that in the event of certain specified significant corporate transactions, including: (1) a
sale of all or substantially all of our assets, (2) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or other capital reorganization, or business
combination transaction where we do not survive the transaction each outstanding option or stock purchase right shall be assumed or an
equivalent option or right shall be substituted by such successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such successor corporation
(the Successor Corporation ), unless the Successor Corporation does not agree to assume the award or to substitute an equivalent
option or right, in which case the vesting of each option or stock purchase right shall fully and immediately accelerate or the repurchase
rights of the Company shall fully and immediately terminate, as the case may be, immediately prior to the consummation of the transaction. 

For
purposes of a corporate transaction, an option or a stock purchase right shall be considered assumed, without limitation, if, at the
time of issuance of the stock or other consideration upon a corporate transaction or a change of control, as the case may be, each holder
of an option or stock purchase right would be entitled to receive upon exercise of the award the same number and kind of shares of stock
or the same amount of property, cash or securities as such holder would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the transaction
if the holder had been, immediately prior to such transaction, the holder of the number of shares of common stock covered by the award
at such time (after giving effect to any adjustments in the number of shares covered by the option or stock purchase right as provided
for); provided that if such consideration received in the transaction is not solely common stock of the Successor Corporation, the Administrator
may, with the consent of the Successor Corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon exercise of the award to be solely
common stock of the Successor Corporation equal to the fair market value of the per share consideration received by holders of common
stock in the transaction. 

37 

Transferability .
A participant may not transfer stock awards under our 2017 Plan other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or as otherwise
provided under our 2017 Plan. 

Term.
 The term of the 2017 Plan is 10 years. 

Plan
Amendment or Termination . Our Board of Directors has the authority to amend, alter, suspend, or terminate our 2017 Plan, provided
that such action does not materially impair the existing rights of any participant without such participant s written consent.
Certain material amendments also require the approval of our stockholders. No incentive stock options may be granted after the tenth
anniversary of the date our Board of Directors adopted our 2017 Plan. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table lists, as of February 28, 2023, the number shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known
to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock; (ii) the Named Executive Officer;
and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of Common Stock by our principal shareholders
and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of
the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which
includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the
voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire
beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities,
and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest.
Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. Unless otherwise
indicated, the business address of each such person is c/o PureBase Corporation, 8625 Highway 124, Ione, California 95640. The percentages
below are calculated based on 230,453,005 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2023. 

38 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial
 Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial
 Ownership 
 Percent 

5 Stockholders 

US Mine Corporation
 (1) 
 8625 Highway 124 
 Ione, California 95640 
 91,861,879 (2) 
 39.6 
 
 Bremer Family
 1995 Living Family Trust (3) 
 1660 Chicago Avenue 
 Riverside, California 92506 
 40,163,000 
 17.4 
 
 US Mine LLC (4) 
 8625 Highway 124 
 Ione, California 95640 
 116,000,000 (5) 
 33.5 
 
 James Todd Gauer 

 401 Bay Street, Suite 2410 

 Toronto, ON M5H2Y4 

 Canada 
 
 17,338,800 (6)(7) 
 7.0 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

A.
 Scott Dockter 
 36,643,795 (8) 
 15.9 
 
 John
 Bremer 
 40,163,000 (9)(10) 
 17.4 
 
 Dr.
 Kimberly Kurtis 
 838,804 (11) 

Jeffrey
 Guzy 
 942,760 (12) 

Directors
 and officers as a group (4 persons) 
 78,988,359 (8)(10)(13) 
 34.1 

Represents
less than 1 

(1) 
 A.
 Scott Dockter, Chief Executive Officer and a director, John Bremer, President and a director, and Craig Barto, are each 33 owners
 of USMC and share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by USMC. 

(2) 
 Includes
 1,581,647 shares convertible under a promissory note. 

(3) 
 John
 Bremer, as trustee of the Bremer Family 1995 Living Family Trust Bremer Trust ), has voting and dispositive
 power over the shares held by the Bremer Trust. 

(4) 
 A.
 Scott Dockter, Chief Executive Officer and a director, John Bremer, President and a director, and Craig Barto are each 33 owners
 of US Mine LLC and share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by US Mine LLC. 

(5) 
 Represents
 currently exercisable options. 

(6) 
 Represents a currently exercisable option to purchase
 8,669,400 shares. 

(7) 
 Includes
 8,501,400 shares and 168,000 shares owned by Baystreet Capital Management Corp and Bayshore Capital, LLC., respectively, over which
 James Todd Gauer has sole voting and dispositive power. 

(8) 
 Excludes
 30,620,626 shares held by USMC and options to purchase 38,666,667 shares held by US Mine LLC over which Mr. Dockter has voting and
 dispositive power. 

(9) 
 Represents
 40,163,000 shares owned by the Bremer Trust of which Mr. Bremer, as trustee has sole voting and dispositive power. 

(10) 
 Excludes
 30,620,626 shares held by USMC and options to purchase 38,666,667 shares held by US Mine LLC over which Mr. Bremer has voting and
 dispositive power. 

(11) 
 Represents
 currently exercisable options to purchase 742,424 shares and 96,380 shares which are issuable in lieu of director s fees pursuant to the Kurtis Director Agreement. 

(12) 
 Includes
 currently exercisable options to purchase 750,000 shares 112,760 shares which are issuable in lieu of director s fees pursuant to the Guzy Director Agreement. 

(13) 
 Includes options to purchase an aggregate of 1,492,424 shares and an aggregate of 209,140 shares issuable in lieu of directors fees. 

Changes
in Control Agreements. 

The
Company does not have any change-in-control agreements with any of its executive officers. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Except
as set forth below, since December 1, 2020, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or
are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest: 

any
 director or executive officer of our company; 

39 

any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

any
 promoters and control persons; and 

any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

The
Company utilizes the services of USMC, for exploration services and other services. Since December 31, 2018, all Company purchases, including
all minerals utilized by the Company, where made from USMC. A. Scott Dockter, the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company,
and John Bremer, a director of the Company, are also officers, directors and controlling shareholders of USMC. 

The
following tables outline the related parties associated with the Company and amounts due for each period indicated: 

During
 the year ended November
 30, 2022 
 During
 the year ended November
 30, 2021 
 
 US
 Mine Corporation Convertible Notes and Accrued Interest, Expenses Paid, and Cash Advances 
 2,300,112 
 2,408,263 
 
 A.
 Scott Dockter Promissory Note, Principal and Interest 
 69,882 
 97,111 
 
 Bayshore
 Capital Advisors, LLC Promissory Note, Principal and Interest 
 1,500 
 33,646 

US
Mine Corporation 

On
December 1, 2013, the Company entered into a contract mining agreement with USMC, a 5 shareholder and a company owned by A. Scott Dockter,
our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director, and John Bremer, a director, pursuant to which USMC will provide various technical
evaluations and mine development services to the Company. Services totaling 0 were rendered by USMC for the fiscal years ended November
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. To date the Company has paid USMC an aggregate of 270,402 since December 1, 2020, under the mining
agreement. 

During
the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, USMC paid 11,323 and 22,150, respectively, of expenses to the Company s vendors
and creditors on behalf of the Company and also made cash advances to the Company of 755,000 and 1,017,520, respectively. USMC has
paid an aggregate of 35,373 of expenses to the Company s vendors and made cash advances to the Company in the aggregate amount
of 2,857,309 since December 1, 2020. 

On
September 26, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with USMC pursuant to which USMC may purchase up to 1,000,000
of the Company s 5 unsecured two-year promissory notes which are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock,
at any time at the option of the holder, at a conversion price of 0.16 per share. USMC purchased notes in the principal amounts of 20,000,
 86,000, and 72,000 on December 1, 2019, January 1, 2019, and February 1, 2020, respectively. On April 7, 2022, USMC converted the aggregate
outstanding principal balance of 1,000,000 of the December 1, 2019, January 1, 2020, February 1, 2020 and December 1, 2020 notes, plus
accrued interest totaling 75,346 through such date, into 6,720,906 shares of the Company s common stock. 

40 

On
November 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with USMC pursuant to which USMC may purchase up to 2,000,000
of the Company s 5 unsecured two-year promissory notes in one or more closings. The notes are convertible into the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of 0.088 per share. USMC purchased notes in the principal amounts of 822,000, and 579,796 on December
1, 2020 and March 17, 2021, respectively. On March 14, 2022, in connection with the November 25, 2020, Securities Purchase Agreement,
USMC purchased a convertible note in the amount of 884,429. On April 7, 2022, USMC converted the aggregate outstanding principal balance
of 2,286,261of the November 25, 2020 note and March 14, 2022 note, plus accrued interest totaling 88,965 through such date, into 22,864,502
shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
April 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with USMC pursuant to which may purchase up to 1,000,000 of
the Company s 5 unsecured two-year promissory notes in one or more closings. The notes are convertible into the
Company s common stock at a conversion price of 0.39 per share. USMC purchase notes in the principal amounts of 470,862, and
 140,027 on August 30, 2022 and November 29, 2022, respectively. As of February 28, 2023 there is 610,889 of principal and 5,953 of
accrued interested outstanding related to the notes. 

In
connection with the Snow White Mine property, owned by John Bremer, a director of the Company, the Company is required to make minimum
royalty payments of 3,500 per year. The Company has not made royalty payments to Mr. Bremer since December 31, 2018. 

US
Mine LLC 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company entered into the Materials Extraction Agreement with US Mine, LLC, (the Material Extraction
Agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired the right to extract up to 100,000,000 tons of certain raw clay materials.
A. Scott Dockter and John Bremer, each own 33 of US Mine LLC. The Materials Extraction Agreement is effective until 100,000,000
tons of material are extracted. As compensation for such right, the Company issued a ten-year convertible promissory note in the
principal amount of 50,000,000 to US Mine, LLC (the US Mine Note ). The US Mine Note bears interest at the rate of
2.5 per annum which is payable upon maturity. Amounts due under the US Mine Note may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of 0.43 per share. The noteholder may convert
(i) up to 50 of the outstanding balance on or after such date as the Company s common stock is listed for trading on any
national securities exchange, (ii) up to an additional 25 of the outstanding balance on or after the six-month anniversary of such
initial trading date, and (iii) the remaining 25 on or after the twelve-month anniversary of such initial trading date. In
addition, the Company will pay US Mine, LLC a royalty fee of 5.00 per ton of materials extracted and any royalty not paid in a
timely manner with be subject to 15 interest per annum and compounded monthly. 

On
October 6, 2021, and prior to consummation of activities under the Materials Extraction Agreement, the Company and US Mine, LLC executed
an amendment to the Materials Extraction Agreement (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, the US Mine Note was terminated and of no further force and an option to purchase an aggregate of 116,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of 0.38 per share until April 6, 2028, was issued to US Mine, LLC as compensation. Shares subject to the option vested as to 58,000,000
shares on April 6, 2022, 29,000,000 shares on October 6, 2022, and 29,000,000 shares will vest on April 6, 2023. This agreement was further
amended and restated in June 2022 to state that the Note was retroactively rescinded ab initio 

Board
of Directors 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company issued a five-year option to Jeffrey Guzy, a director, to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock with an
exercise price of 0.10 per share which became exercisable one year from the date of grant for board services. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company issued a five-year option to Dr. Kimberly Kurtis, a director, to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock
with an exercise price of 0.36 per share which became exercisable one year from the date of grant for board services. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company issued an immediately exercisable five-year option to Jeffrey Guzy, a director, to purchase 250,000 shares
of common stock with an exercise price of 0.24 per share for board services. 

41 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company issued a immediately exercisable five-year option and four-year option to Dr. Kimberly Kurtis, a director,
to purchase 200,000 and 242,424 shares, for board services and for science advisory regarding performance of SCM
testing, respectively, of common stock with an exercise price of 0.24 per share. 

Executive
Officer 

In
connection with Michael Fay s appointment as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, on January 21, 2021, the Company granted Mr.
Fay a five-year stock option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.67 per share.
The shares subject to the option became exercisable on January 21, 2022. On March 25, 2021, Mr. Fay resigned as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company and his option terminated unexercised. 

On
August 31, 2017, the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 197,096 to A. Scott Dockter, President, Chief Executive
Officer and a director of the Company to consolidate total amounts of indebtedness due to Mr. Dockter. The note bears interest at 6 
and is due upon demand. Since December 1, 2020, the Company has repaid 99,100 towards the balance of the note. As of February 28, 2023
the outstanding principal balance due on this note is 28,716. 

Bayshore
Capital Advisors, LLC 

On
February 26, 2016, the Company issued a 6 promissory note in the principal amount of 25,000 to Bayshore Capital Advisors, LLC Bayshore Capital ), a former 5 shareholder of the Company. The note was payable upon the earlier of August 26, 2016
or the closing of a bridge financing by the Company. As of November 30, 2022, the Company was in default on this note. On February
4, 2023, Bayshore Capital agreed to cancel the 25,000 debt, plus 10,146 of accrued and unpaid interest. 

On June 3, 2022, in conjunction with a settlement agreement with Agregen,
Robert Hurtado, James Todd Gauer and John Gingerich, the Company granted James Todd Gauer, a 5 stockholder, an option to purchase 8,669,400
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.50. 

Director
Independence 

We
believe that Jeffrey Guzy and Kimberly Kurtis would be deemed independent under the applicable NASDAQ definition. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
and Accounting Fees 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered by our principal accountants,
Turner, Stone Company, LLP TSC for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Years
 Ended November
 30, 
 
 Services 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 fees 
 65,300 
 44,000 
 
 Audit
 related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 fees 
 65,300 
 44,000 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, the review
of our interim consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided
in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. 

42 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements but are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. including the preparation
of our corporate tax returns. 

All
Other Fees 

All
other fees consist of fees billed for services not associated with audit or tax. 

Audit
Committee s Pre-Approval Practice 

Prior
to the engagement of our independent auditor, such engagement was approved by our audit committee. The services provided under this engagement
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget.
The independent auditors and management are required to report to our audit committee at least quarterly regarding the extent of services
provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. Our audit
committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. All audit-related fees, tax fees and other fees incurred
by us were approved by our audit committee. 

Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

The
percentage of hours expended TSC s engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following exhibits are included as part of this Annual Report: 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan and Agreement of Reorganization among Port of Call Online, Inc., PureBase, Inc. and certain stockholders of PureBase, Inc., dated December 23, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 12/24/2014 
 
 2.2 
 
 Plan and Agreement of Reorganization among PureBase, Inc.,US Agricultural Minerals, LLC and the members of US Agricultural Minerals, LLC, dated November 24, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 12/24/2014 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/13/2013 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation (stock split), effective November 7, 2014 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 03/16/2015 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation (stock split), effective January 12, 2015 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 03/16/2015 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change to Articles of Incorporation (stock split), effective June 15, 2015 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 06/16/2015 
 
 3.5 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 05/13/2013 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 03/16/2021 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of 5 Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 04/14/2022 

43 

4.3 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp., dated March 14, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 04/14/2022 
 
 10.1 
 
 Distribution Agreement between the Company and New Ag Technologies, Inc., dated September 5, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/18/201 
 
 10.2 
 
 Debt Exchange Agreement between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated September 5, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.10 
 
 09/10/2019 
 
 10.3 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated September 26, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/18/2019 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated March 17, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/23/2021 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment to Debt Exchange Agreement, dated February 7, 2020, between the Company and US Mine Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/13/2020 
 
 10.6 
 
 Investment Banking Agreement, dated October 23, 2018 between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 02/28/2020 
 
 10.7 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 02/28/2020 
 
 10.8 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between the Company and Bremer Family 1995 Living Family Trust, dated April 1, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 04/03/2020 
 
 10.9 
 
 Director Agreement dated as of April 8, 2020, between the Company and Jeffrey Guzy 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 04/09/2020 
 
 10.10 
 
 Materials and Supply Agreement between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated April 22, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/28/2020 
 
 10.11 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Quove Corporation, dated May 1, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/07/2020 
 
 10.12 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated December 1, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 03/16/2021 
 
 10.13 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated January 1, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 03/16/2021 
 
 10.14 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated February 1, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 03/16/2021 
 
 10.15 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, effective December 1, 2020 
 
 10-K

10.15 
 
 03/15/2022 
 
 10.16 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated March 17, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 03/23/2021 
 
 10.17 
 
 Materials Extraction Agreement, dated May 27, 2021, by and between the Company and US Mine, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 05/27/2021 
 
 10.18 
 
 2.5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine, LLC, dated May 27, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 05/27/2021 
 
 10.19 
 
 Director Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2021, between the Company and Kimberly Kurtis 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 08/17/2021 
 
 10.20 
 
 Option Agreement, dated August 13, 2021, between the Company and Kimberly Kurtis 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 08/17/2021 
 
 10.21 
 
 Amendment to Materials Extraction Agreement, dated October 6, 2021, between the Company and US Mine, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.17 
 
 10/06/2021 
 
 10.22 
 
 Stock Option Agreement, dated October 6, 2021, between the Company to US Mine, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 10/06/2021 
 
 10.23 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated March 14, 2022 

10.24 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated August 30, 2022 

10.25 
 
 5 Convertible Note between the Company and US Mine Corp, dated November 29, 2022 

10.26 
 
 Investment Banking Agreement, dated May 19, 2022 between the Company and Newbridge Securities Corporation 

44 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Director Agreement, dated August 26, 2022, between the Company and Jeffrey Guzy 

10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Director Agreement, dated August 26, 2022, between the Company and Dr. Kimberly Kurtis 

10.29 
 
 First Amendment to Promissory Notes, dated April 7, 2022, by and between the Company and U.S. Mine Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/14/2022 
 
 10.30 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 7, 2022, effective as of March 23, 2022, between the Company and US Mine Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 04/14/2022 
 
 10.31 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated April 14, 2022, by and between the Company and Bremer Family 1995 Living Family Trust 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 04/14/2022 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amended and Restated Amendment to Materials Extraction Agreement, dated June 17, 2022, by and between the Company and US Mine, LLC 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 10.22 
 
 06/21/2022 
 
 10.33 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated June 2, 2022, among the Company, Agregen International Corporation, Robert Hurtado, James Todd Gauer and John Gingerich. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/30/2022 
 
 10.34 
 
 Option Agreement, dated June 3, 2022. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 10.2 
 
 09/30/2022 
 
 10.35 
 
 Ione Lease Amendment, dated 11/1/2022 

10.36 
 
 2017 Stock Option Plan 

10.37 
 
 Amended and Restated Amendment to Materials Extraction Agreement, dated June 17, 2022, by and between Purebase Corporation and US Mine, LLC 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 10.22 
 
 06/21/2022 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 14 
 
 2/28/2018 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 21.1 
 
 02/28/2020 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline exXBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PUREBASE
 CORPORATION 

By:
 
 /s/
 A. Scott Dockter 

A.
 Scott Dockter 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

46 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By:
 
 /s/
 A. Scott Dockter 

A.
 Scott Dockter 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Guzy 

Jeffrey
 Guzy 

Director 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 John Bremer 

John
 Bremer 

Director 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Kimberly Kurtis 

Kimberly
 Kurtis 

Director 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

47 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOVEMBER 30, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB ID No. # 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For the Years Ended November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Your
Vision Our Focus 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Purebase Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Purebase Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as
of November 30, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the
years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company expects to continue to incurring operating losses and generating negative cash flows from
operations for the foreseeable future. Additionally, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, accumulated deficit and
net loss for the period. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Turner,
 Stone Company, L.L.P. 
 Accountants
 and Consultants 
 12700
 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75251 
 Telephone:
 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 Toll
 Free: 877-853-4195 
 Web
 site: turnerstone.com 
 
 INTERNATIONAL
 ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS AND AUDITORS 

F- 2 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Fair
Value of Stock Options 

Critical
Audit Matter Description: 

As
discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the
fair value of its stock options issued for goods and services. The Black-Scholes option pricing model involves the use of several significant
estimates such as the expected life of the award expected, expected share price volatility, dividend yield, and risk-free interest rate. 

Given
the significant estimates involved in estimating the fair value of stock options granted, the related audit effort in evaluating management s
estimates in determining the fair value of stock options required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit: 

We
obtained an understanding over the Company s process to estimate the fair value of stock options, including how the Company develops
each of the estimates required to utilize the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We applied the following audit procedures related to
testing the Company s estimates utilized in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model: 

- 
 We
 reviewed the Company s dividend history noting the Company has not issued dividends historically and management indicated that
 no future dividends were currently anticipated. 

- 
 We
 compared the Company s risk-free interest rate used to the comparable United States treasury yield for a term comparable to
 the stock options expected term. 

- 
 We
 recalculated the Company s historical share price volatility for a term comparable to the stock options expected term. 

- 
 We
 recalculated the expected term of stock options using the simplified method. 

/s/
 . 

February
28, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

F- 3 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

November
 30, 
 November
 30, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowances for uncollectables of - and , respectively 
 - 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right
 of use asset 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Settlement
 liability 

Lease
 liability, current 

Note
 payable to officer 

Due
 to affiliated entities 
 - 

Convertible
 notes payable, related party, net of discount of - and , respectively 

Notes
 payable, related party 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Lease
 liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible
 notes payable; related party, net of current portion, and net of discount of - 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021,
 respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, at November 30,
 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Year Ended 

November
 30, 2022 
 November
 30, 2021 

Revenue,
 net 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Product
 fulfillment 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss
 From Operations 

Other
 Income (Expense): 

Other
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Total
 Other Income (Expense) 

Net
 Loss 

Loss
 per Common Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 at November 30, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation - options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation - shares 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at November 30, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation - shares 
 - 
 - 

- 

Convertible
 debt converted into common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 

Settlement share
 surrender 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at November 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

November
 30, 2022 
 November
 30, 2021 

For
 the Year Ended 

November
 30, 2022 
 November
 30, 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock
 based compensation 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Non-cash
 board of director compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash
 effect of right of use asset 
 - 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Right
 of use asset 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Lease
 liability 

Net
 Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activities: 

Advances
 from related parties 

Payments
 on notes payable, related parties 

Net
 Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net
 Increase In Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents- Beginning of Year 

Cash
 Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

Supplemental
 Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for: 

Interest
 paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income
 taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Noncash
 operating and financing activities: 

Vendors
 paid for on behalf of the Company by USMC 

Due
 to affiliates exchanged for convertible debt 

Convertible
 debt converted to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 interested converted to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Board
 of director compensation - accrued as convertible debt 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

on . The Company
is an industrial mineral and natural resource company that provides solutions to the agriculture and construction materials markets in
the United States through its two subsidiaries, Purebase Agricultural, Inc., a Nevada corporation Purebase AG ), and U.S.
Agricultural Minerals, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Purebase SCM ), respectively. 

The
Company is headquartered in Ione, California. 

Agricultural
Sector 

The
Company develops specialized fertilizers, sun protectants, soil amendments and bio-stimulants for organic and non-organic sustainable
agriculture. The Company has developed and will seek to develop additional products derived from mineralized materials of leonardite,
kaolin clay, laterite, and other natural minerals. These mineral and soil amendments are used to protect crops, plants and fruits from
the sun and winter damage, to provide nutrients to plants, and to improve dormancy and soil ecology to help farmers increase the yields
of their harvests. The Company is building a brand family under the parent trade name Purebase, consisting of its Purebase
Shade Advantage (WP) product, a kaolin-clay based sun protectant for crops and Humic Advantage a humic acid product derived from leonardite. 

Construction
Sector 

The
Company has been developing and testing a kaolin-based product that it believes will help create a lower CO2-emitting concrete through
the use of high-quality supplementary cementitious materials SCMs ). The Company is developing a SCM that it believes can
potentially replace up to 40 of cement, the most polluting part of concrete. As government agencies continue to enact stricter requirements
for less-polluting forms of concrete, the Company believes there are significant opportunities for high-quality SCM products in the construction-materials
sector. 

The
Company utilizes the services of US Mine Corporation USMC ), a Nevada corporation and a significant shareholder of the
Company, for the development and contract mining of industrial mineral and metal projects, exploration drilling, preparation of feasibility
studies, mine modeling, on-site construction, production, site reclamation and for product fulfillment. Exploration services include
securing necessary permits, environmental compliance, and reclamation plans. In addition, a substantial portion of the minerals used
by the Company are obtained from properties owned or controlled by USMC. A. Scott Dockter, the Company s Principal Executive Officer
and a director, and John Bremer, a director, are also officers, directors and owners of USMC. 

and working capital deficit of . For the year ended November 30,
2022, the Company had a loss from operations of and negative cash flows from operations of . The Company s
operating activities consume the majority of its cash resources. The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur operating losses
as it executes its development plans for 2023. In addition, the Company has had and expects to have negative cash flows from operations,
at least into the near future. The Company has previously funded, and plans to continue funding, these losses primarily with additional
infusions of cash from advances from USMC and the sale of equity and convertible notes. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s plan, through the continued promotion of its services to existing and potential customers, is to generate sufficient
revenues to cover its anticipated expenses. The Company is currently exploring several options to meet its short-term cash requirements,
including issuances of equity securities or equity-linked securities from USMC and other third parties. 

Although
no assurances can be given as to the Company s ability to deliver on its revenue plans or that unforeseen expenses may arise, management
currently believes that the revenue to be generated from operations together with equity and debt financing, including funding from USMC
in connection with the March 23, 2022 securities purchase agreement, will provide the necessary funding for the Company to continue as
a going concern for the next twelve months. The March 23, 2022 securities purchase agreement provides for the issuance by the Company
of up to an aggregate of of two-year convertible promissory notes to USMC (see Note 12). The notes bear interest at per
annum and any outstanding principal or interest under the notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at any
time at the option of the holder, at a conversion price of per share. Currently, the Company has issued of convertible
notes under such securities purchase agreement and may issue an additional of convertible notes. However, there currently are
no other arrangements or agreements for financing, and management cannot guarantee any other potential debt or equity financing will
be available, or if available, on favorable terms. As such, these matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issue date of this report. If adequate funds are not available on
acceptable terms, or at all, the Company will need to curtail operations, or cease operations completely. 

Revenue
consists of the following by product offering for the year ended November 30, 2021: 

CROP
 WHITE II 
 SHADE
 ADVANTAGE (WP) 
 SulFe
 Hume Si ADVANTAGE 
 Total 

- 

cash equivalents as of November 30, 2022 or 2021. 

for doubtful accounts was necessary, respectively. 

. Expenditures that enhance the useful lives of the assets are capitalized and depreciated. 

 - 
 years 
 
 Autos
 and trucks 
 
 years 

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. At the time of retirement or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and
accumulated depreciation will be removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss, if any, will be reflected in operations. The
Company currently has in property and equipment that it acquired on May 1, 2020. As of November 30, 2022, the Company has not
put the acquired property and equipment to use. As such, the Company has not recorded depreciation related to these assets. 

impairment losses were
recorded during the years ended November 30, 2022 or 2021. 

net amounts incurred or included in
general administrative expenses for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

and for
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

Level
 2: 
 Pricing
 inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as
 of the reported date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.
 These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities,
 time value, volatility factors and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant
 economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument,
 can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.
 Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest rate swaps, options
 and collars. 

Level
 3: 
 Pricing
 inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally
 developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

Stock
 Options 

Total 

Pursuant
to ASU 2018-07 Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting ,
the Company accounts for stock options issued to non-employees for their services in accordance ASC 718. The Company uses valuation methods
and assumptions to value the stock options that are in line with the process for valuing employee stock options noted above. 

square feet of office space located in Ione, California (the Ione Lease with respect
to its corporate operations (See Note 12). Effective November 1, 2022, the Ione Lease was amended to extend the lease through October
2024 and to add an additional square feet of office space for a total monthly rental price of per month, with automatic one
month renewals. The remaining weighted average term is years. The Company discounted lease payments using its estimated incremental
borrowing rate at December 1, 2020. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied was . 

In
accordance with ASC 842, the Company recognized a ROU asset and corresponding lease liability on the consolidated balance sheet for long-term
office leases. See Note 7 Leases for further discussion, including the impact in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

acres of land located
in the Mount Diablo Meridian area of Nevada. Contained in the leased property is the Chimney 1 Potassium/Sulfur Deposit which consists
of acres of land fully permitted for mining operation which is situated within the acres held by the Company. All rights and
obligations under the Preference Rights Lease have been assigned to the Company by USMC. These rights were initially recorded at their
cost of . At November 30, 2020, the Company fully impaired the asset. This lease requires a payment of per year to the
BLM. 

Snow
White Mine located in San Bernardino County, CA Deposit 

On
November 28, 2014 US Mining and Minerals Corporation entered into a Purchase Agreement in which it agreed to sell its fee simple property
interest and certain mining claims to USMC. In contemplation of the Plan and Agreement of Reorganization, on December 1, 2014, USMC,
a related party, assigned its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement to the Company pursuant to an Assignment of Purchase
Agreement. As a result of the Assignment, the Company assumed the purchaser position under the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement
involves the sale of approximately acres of mining property containing placer mining claims known as the Snow White Mine located
near Barstow, California in San Bernardino County. The property is covered by a Conditional Use Permit allowing the mining of the property
and a Plan of Operation and Reclamation Plan has been approved by San Bernardino County and the BLM. An initial deposit of was
paid to escrow, and the Purchase Agreement required the payment of an additional at the end of the escrow period. There was
a delay in the original seller, Joseph Richard Matthewson, receiving a clear title to the property and a fully permitted project, both
of which were conditions to closing. In light of the foregoing, and the payment of an additional , the parties agreed to extend
the closing. Due to delays in the Company securing the necessary funding to close the purchase of the Snow White Mine property, John
Bremer, a shareholder and a director of the Company, paid to acquire the property on or about October 15, 2015. Mr. Bremer will
transfer title to the Company when the Company pays Mr. Bremer plus expenses, however, the Company is under no obligation to
do so. The mining claims require a minimum royalty payment of per year to be made by the Company. 

On
April 1, 2020, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with the Bremer Family 1995 Living Trust, a related party of the
Company, pursuant to which the Company will purchase the Snow White Mine for (the Purchase Price ). The Purchase
Price plus interest is payable in full in cash at the closing which must occur at any time before April 1, 2022 (the Closing
Date ). On April 14, 2022, the agreement was amended to extend the Closing Date to April 14, 2023. 

Machinery
 and equipment 

Automobiles
 and trucks 

Construction
 in process 

Property
 and equipment, gross 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

There
was no depreciation expense for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 

major stockholder of the Company, for 
 for working capital at an interest rate of 
 per annum. The note was payable , or when the Company closes a bridge
financing, whichever occurs first. As of November 30, 2022, the Company was in default on this note. On February 4, 2023, Bayshore Capital
agreed to cancel the 
 debt, plus 
 of accrued and unpaid interest. During the years
ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 the Company did not make repayments towards the outstanding balance of the note. There is no
 balance on the note as of November 30, 2022.
The balance on the note was 
 on November 30, 2021 (see Note 12). Total interest
expense on the note was 
 for each of the years ended November 30, 2022
and 2021. 

A.
Scott Dockter President and Chief Executive Officer 

On
August 31, 2017, the Company issued a note in the amount of to A. Scott Dockter, President, Chief Executive Officer and a director
of the Company, to consolidate the total amounts due to Mr. Dockter. The note bears interest at and is due upon demand. During the
year ended November 30, 2022, the Company paid towards the outstanding balance of the note. The balance on the note was 
and as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively (See Note 12). Total interest expense on the note was and for
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was and of accrued interest as of November 30, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes USMC 

December
1, 2019 

On
December 1, 2019, in connection with the September 26, 2019, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party, (See Note 12),
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche
#1 ). The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock, at any time at the option of the holder, at a conversion price of per share. On April 7, 2022,
the December 1, 2019 note was amended to extend the maturity date to and USMC gave notice of conversion of the outstanding
principal balance of plus accrued interest totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common
stock. 

The
issuance of Tranche #1 resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totaling . Total straight-line amortization
of this discount totaled and during the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expense on Tranche
#1 was approximately and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

January
1, 2020 

On
January 1, 2020, in connection with the September 26, 2019, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party, (See Note 12),
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche
#2 ). The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock, at any time at the option of the holder, at a conversion price of per share. On April 7, 2022,
the January 1, 2020 note was amended to extend the maturity date to and USMC gave notice of conversion of the outstanding
principal balance of plus accrued interest totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common
stock. 

The
issuance of Tranche #2 resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totaling . Total straight-line amortization
of this discount totaled and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expense on Tranche
#2 was approximately and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

February
1, 2020 

On
February 1, 2020, in connection with the September 26, 2019, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party, (See Note 12),
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche
#3 ). The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock, at any time at the option of the holder, at a conversion price of per share. On April 7, 2022,
the February 1, 2020 note was amended to extend the maturity date to April 30, 2022 and USMC gave notice of conversion of the outstanding
principal balance of plus accrued interest totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common
stock. 

The
issuance of Tranche #3 resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totaling . Total straight-line amortization
of this discount totaled and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expense on Tranche
#3 was approximately and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

December
1, 2020 

On
December 1, 2020, in connection with the September 26, 2019 securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party, (See Note 12),
the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche
4 ). The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. On April 7,
2022 USMC gave notice of conversion of the outstanding principal balance of of the December 1, 2020 note, plus accrued interest
totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common stock. Total interest expense on Tranche #4 was
approximately and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

March
17, 2021 

On
March 17, 2021, in connection with the March 11, 2021, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party (see Note 12), the Company
issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche #5 ).
The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. On April 7, 2022
USMC gave notice of conversion of the outstanding principal balance of of the March 17, 2021 note, plus accrued interest
totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common stock. Total interest expense on Tranche #5 was
approximately and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

March
14, 2022 

On
March 14, 2022, in connection with the November 25, 2020, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party (see Note 12), the
Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche
#6 ). The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. On April
7, 2022 USMC gave notice of conversion of the outstanding principal balance of of the March 14, 2022 note, plus accrued interest
totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common stock. Total interest expense on Tranche #6 was
approximately for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

August
30, 2022 

On
August 30, 2022, in connection with the April 7, 2022, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party (see Note 12), the Company
issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche #7 ).
The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. Total interest expense
on Tranche #7 was approximately for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

November
29, 2022 

On
November 29, 2022, in connection with the April 7, 2022, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party (see Note 12), the
Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of Tranche
#8 ). The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares
of the Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. Total interest
expense on Tranche #7 was approximately for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

Convertible
Debt Board of Directors 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company entered into a twelve month director agreement with Jeffrey Guzy, as amended on August 26, 2022 (the Guzy
Director Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Guzy will serve as a director of the Company, which agreement will automatically renew
(the Renewal Date for successive one-year terms unless either party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the
Agreement within 30 days of the expiration of the then current term. As compensation therefor, Mr. Guzy is entitled to a cash fee of
 per month which accrues as debt to the Company until the Company has its first cash-flow positive month. Any amounts owed to
Mr. Guzy at the Renewal Date or upon Mr. Guzy resignation or removal (the Termination Date will be converted into
common stock at a price per share equal to market price on the exchange or trading market where such stock is then traded or quoted or
the volume-weighted average price VWAP of the common stock for the 20-days immediately preceding the Renewal Date or
the Termination Date, as the case may be. As of November 30, 2022, the Company has debt in the amount of owed to Mr. Guzy. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company entered into a twelve month director agreement with Dr. Kurtis, as amended on August 26, 2022 (the Kurtis
Director Agreement pursuant to which Dr. Kurtis will provide up to five hours per month of board services, which agreement will
automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the Agreement within
30 days of the expiration of the then current term. As compensation therefor, Dr. Kurtis is entitled to a cash fee of per month
which accrues as debt to the Company until the Company has its first cash-flow positive month. Any amounts owed to Dr. Kurtis at the
Renewal Date or the Termination Date will be converted into common stock at a price per share equal to market price on the exchange or
trading market where such stock is then traded or quoted or the VWAP of the common stock for the 20-days immediately preceding the Renewal
Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be. As of November 30, 2022, the Company has debt in the amount of owed to Dr.
Kurtis. 

Short
 term lease cost 
 - 
 
 Sublease
 income 
 - 
 
 Net
 lease cost 

Operating
 lease operating cash flows (fixed payments) 

Operating
 lease operating cash flows (liability reduction) 

Non-current
 leases right of use assets 

Current
 liabilities operating lease liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities operating lease liabilities 

Year
 Ended November 30, 2021 
 
 Lease
 cost 

Operating
 lease cost (cost resulting from lease payments) 

Short
 term lease cost 
 - 
 
 Sublease
 income 
 - 
 
 Net
 lease cost 

Operating
 lease operating cash flows (fixed payments) 

Operating
 lease operating cash flows (liability reduction) 

Non-current
 leases right of use assets 

Current
 liabilities operating lease liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities operating lease liabilities 
 - 

2024 

Total
 future minimum lease payments 

Amount
 representing interest 

Present
 value of net future minimum lease payments 

Accrued
 interest related party 

Accrued
 compensation 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

in alleged stock value, plus interest, recovery of past and future wages,
attorneys fees, and punitive damages (collectively, the Calvanico Claims ). The Company denied all Calvanico Claims.
The Company believes Calvanico is owed nothing because it takes the position that Calvanico was not terminated, but rather, his employment
contract expired on September 21, 2019, in accordance with its terms, and was not renewed by Company and because Calvanico never exercised
his stock options. On February 14, 2020, the Company requested in writing that Calvanico exercise his stock options within 30 days. Calvanico
failed to do so. To date, Calvanico has not exercised his stock options. The discovery phase of the binding arbitration concluded on
February 3, 2023. The arbitrator s decision is due June 30, 2023. 

On
January 11, 2019, the Company filed a complaint in the Second Judicial District Court in the State of Nevada, Washoe County (Case # CV19-00097)
against Agregen International Corp Agregen and Robert Hurtado alleging the misuse of proprietary and confidential information
acquired by Mr. Hurtado while employed by the Company as Vice President of Agricultural Research and Development. Mr. Hurtado was terminated
in March 2018 and since that time the Company alleges that he conspired with Agregen to improperly use proprietary and confidential information
to compete with the Company which constitute breaches of the non-compete and confidentiality provisions of his employment agreement with
the Company. On March 14, 2019, Agregen and Mr. Hurtado filed an answer to the Company s Complaint that the allegations were false.
On March 13, 2020, the Company filed a First Amended Complaint, adding James Todd Gauer and John Gingerich as additional defendants.
A settlement agreement was entered into between the parties, effective June 3, 2022 and a Notice of Settlement was filed in the District
Court pursuant to which, shares of the Company s common stock beneficially owned by the defendants were surrendered to
the Company and the Company granted Mr. Gauer an immediately exercisable option to purchase shares of common stock, the equivalent
number of common shares surrendered to the Company, at an exercise price of . The lawsuit was fully settled and dismissed on August
9, 2022. 

On
March 29, 2019, the Company was served with a complaint filed by Superior Soils Supplements LLC Superior Soils in the
Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Kings (Case #19C-0124) relating to 64 truckloads of soil amendments
delivered to a customer by the Company on behalf of Superior Soils. Superior Soils alleged that the soil amendments were not labeled
correctly requiring the entire shipment of product to be returned to the Company. The complaint alleges breach of contract, misrepresentations,
fraudulent concealment and unfair competition. The complaint seeks damages of approximately and, although
the Company is vigorously defending such claims and believes that there is little to no risk of liability, it has accrued for
such risk . The Company filed its answer on
May 6, 2019, denying responsibility for the mislabeling and denying any liability for damages therefrom. The matter is set for trial
in April 2023. 

Contractual
Matters 

On
November 1, 2013, we entered into an agreement with USMC, a related party, in which USMC provides various technical evaluations and mine
development services for the Company with regard to the various mining properties/rights owned by the Company. Terms of services and
compensation will be determined for each project undertaken by USMC. 

On
October 12, 2018, the Board approved a material supply agreement with USMC, a related party, pursuant to which USMC will provide designated
natural resources to the Company at predetermined prices (see Note 12). 

shares of common stock with a fair value range between
 and per share to an investment banking firm pursuant to an investment banking agreement for services rendered to the Company. 

During
the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of per share to a director
pursuant to a director s agreement for services rendered. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Newbridge Securities Corporation Newbridge ), pursuant to which
Newbridge will provide investment banking and corporate advisory services to the Company. As consideration therefor, the Company issued
Newbridge shares of common stock on June 17, 2022 which shares are subject to a 12-month lockup from the date of issuance. The
shares were issued at a fair value of per share. 

shares of the Company s common stock to be issued pursuant
to options granted under the Option Plan. The Option Plan was subsequently approved by shareholders on September 28, 2018. As of November
30, 2022, options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock have been granted under the Option Plan. 

The
Company has also granted options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant to employment contracts with certain
employees prior to the adoption of the Option Plan. 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company granted a director an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share and a fair value of . These options vest one year from the grant date. The options were valued using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company granted a director an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share and a fair value of . These options vest one year from the grant date. The options were valued using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumption as found in the table below. 

On
October 6, 2021, the Company granted to US Mine LLC, a related party (see Note 12), an option to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share and a fair value of . The options were valued using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model under the following assumptions as found in the table below. 

On
June 3, 2022, in conjunction with the settlement agreement with Agregen, Robert Hurtado, James Todd Gauer and John Gingerich (see
Note 8), the Company granted James Todd Gauer the option to purchase 
shares of common stock, the equivalent number of common shares surrendered to the Company, at an exercise price of 
and a fair value of .
The options vest immediately. The options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions
as found in the table below. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock to members of the Board,
consultants and employees for services to be performed. The options were issued at an exercise price of 
 and a total fair value of .
The options vest immediately. The options were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model under the following assumptions as
found in the table below. 

years 

years 

years 

years 

years 

years 

years 

The
Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of and shares of common stock during the fiscal years ended November
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of options granted and vested during the year ended November 30, 2022 was and ,
respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted and vested during the year ended November 30, 2021 was 
and , respectively. The weighted average non-vested grant date fair value of non-vested options was and 
at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired
 or cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 at November 30, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired
 or cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 at November 30, 2022 

The
compensation expense attributed to the issuance of the options is recognized as they are vested. 

The
stock options granted are exercisable over various terms from thee to from the grant date and vest over various terms from
the grant date to . 

Total
compensation expense related to the options was and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of November 30, 2022, there was in future compensation cost related to non-vested stock options. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value is for total outstanding and exercisable options, which was based on our estimated fair value of the
common stock of as of November 30, 2022, which is the aggregate fair value of the common stock that would have been received by
the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date, net of the aggregate exercise price. 

with an interest rate of 
 per annum to Bayshore Capital,
an affiliate through common ownership of a 
 shareholder of the Company for working capital
purposes. The note was payable , or when the Company closes a bridge
financing, whichever occurs first. As of November 30, 2022, the Company was in default on this note. On February 4, 2023, Bayshore Capital
agreed to cancel the 
 debt, plus 
 of accrued and unpaid interest. 

US
Mine Corporation 

The
Company entered into a contract mining agreement with USMC, a company owned by the majority stockholders of the Company, A. Scott Dockter
and John Bremer, pursuant to which USMC provides various technical evaluations and mine development services to the Company. During the
years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company made purchases of and , respectively, from USMC. No services were
rendered by USMC for the three months and years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. In addition, during the years ended November 30, 2022
and 2021, USMC paid and respectively, of expenses to the Company s vendors and creditors on behalf of the Company.
During the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 USMC made cash advances to the Company of and , respectively, which
are recorded as part of due to affiliates on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. All amounts owed for services rendered,
expenses paid on behalf of the Company, and cash advances were converted into the Company s common stock pursuant to the September
5, 2019, Debt Exchange Agreement (See Note 6), the November 25, 2020, Securities Purchase Agreement (See Note 6) and the April 7, 2022,
Securities Purchase Agreement (See Note 6). The balance due to USMC was and at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

USMC
Notes 

On
September 26, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with USMC pursuant to which USMC may purchase up to 
of the Company s unsecured convertible two-year promissory notes in one or more closings. The notes are convertible into the
Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of April 7, 2022, USMC had purchased notes totaling 
with maturity dates ranging from December 1, 2021, through November 25, 2022 (see Note 6). Interest expense on these notes totaled 
and for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On April 7, 2022, the December 1, 2019, January 1, 2020 and
February 1, 2020 notes were amended to extend the maturity dates to April 30, 2022. On April 7, 2022, USMC converted the aggregate outstanding
principal balance of of the December 1, 2019, January 1, 2020, February 1, 2020 and December 1, 2020 notes, plus accrued interest
totaling through such date, into shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
November 25, 2020, the Company entered a securities purchase agreement with USMC pursuant to which USMC may purchase up to 
of the Company s unsecured two-year promissory notes in one or more closings. The notes are convertible into the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of April 7, 2022, USMC has purchased notes totaling with a maturity
date of March 17, 2023 (see Note 6). Interest expense on these notes totaled and for the years ended November 30, 2022
and 2021, respectively. On March 14, 2022, in connection with the November 25, 2020, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related
party, the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of March 14, 2024.
The note bears interest at 5 per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock, at any time at the option of the note holder, at a conversion price of per share. Interest expense
on this note totaled for the year ended November 30, 2022. On April 7, 2022, USMC converted the aggregate outstanding principal
balance of of the November 25, 2020 note and March 14, 2022 note, plus accrued interest totaling through such date,
into shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
April 7, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with USMC, effective March 23, 2022, pursuant to which USMC may
purchase up to of the Company s unsecured convertible two-year promissory notes in one or more closings. The notes
are convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of November 30, 2022, USMC has purchased
notes totaling with maturity dates of August 30, 2024 and November 29, 2024 (see Note 6). Interest expense on these notes totaled
 for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

On
August 30, 2022, in connection with the April 7, 2022, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party (see Note 6), the Company
issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of August 30, 2024 Tranche #7 ).
The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. Total interest expense
on Tranche #8 was approximately for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

On
November 29, 2022, in connection with the April 7, 2022, securities purchase agreement with USMC, a related party (see Note 6), the Company
issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of to USMC, with a maturity date of August 30, 2024 Tranche #8 ).
The note bears interest at per annum which is payable on maturity. Amounts due under the note may be converted into shares of the
Company s common stock at any time at the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. Total interest expense
on Tranche #8 was approximately for the year ended November 30, 2022. 

The
outstanding balance due on the above notes to USMC was and at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

USMC
Mining Agreements 

On
April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a Material Supply Agreement (the Supply Agreement with USMC which amended the
prior Materials Supply Agreement entered into on October 12, 2018. Under the terms of the Supply Agreement, all kaolin clay purchased
by the Company from USMC under the Supply Agreement must be used exclusively for agricultural products and supplementary cementitious
materials. The Company will pay per ton for the kaolin clay for supplementary cementitious materials and per ton for bagged
products for clay for agriculture (in each case plus an additional royalty fee per ton). The Supply Agreement also provides that if
USMC provides pricing to any other customer which is more favorable than that provided to the Company, USMC will adjust the cost to the
Company to conform to the more favorable terms. The initial term of the Supply Agreement is three years, which automatically renews for
three successive one-year terms, unless either party provides notice of termination at least sixty days prior to the end of the then
current term. Either party has the right to terminate the Supply Agreement for a material breach which is not cured within 90 days. For
the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased and , respectively, under the Supply Agreement. Since
April 22, 2020, the Company has purchased of materials under the Supply Agreement. 

US
Mine LLC 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company entered into the Materials Extraction Agreement with US Mine, LLC, pursuant to which the Company acquired the
right to extract up to of certain raw clay materials. The Materials Extraction Agreement is effective until tons
of material are extracted. As compensation for such right, the Company issued a ten-year convertible promissory note in the principal
amount of to US Mine, LLC (the US Mine Note ). The US Mine Note bears interest at the rate of per annum
which is payable upon maturity. Amounts due under the US Mine Note may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at
the option of the noteholder, at a conversion price of per share. 
per ton of materials extracted and any royalty not paid in a timely manner with be subject to 15 interest per annum and compounded monthly. 

On
October 6, 2021, and prior to consummation of activities under the Materials Extraction Agreement, the Company and US Mine, LLC executed
an amendment to the Materials Extraction Agreement (the Amendment ). Pursuant to the Amendment, the US Mine Note was retroactively
rescinded, ab initio and an option to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share until April 6, 2028, was issued to US Mine, LLC as compensation. Shares subject to the option vested as to 
shares on April 6, 2022, shares on October 6, 2022, and shares will vest on April 6, 2023. This agreement was further
amended and restated in June 2022, with the same option purchase, vesting and exercise schedule. For the year ended November 30, 2022,
the Company expensed in stock-based compensation expense related to the issuance of the options issued to USMC. 

Transactions
with Officers 

On
August 31, 2017, the Company issued a note in the amount of to A. Scott Dockter, President, Chief Executive Officer and a director
of the Company, to consolidate the total amounts due to Mr. Dockter. The note bears interest at and is due upon demand. During the
year ended November 30, 2022, the Company paid towards the outstanding balance of the note. The balance on the note was 
and as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total interest expense on the note was and for the years ended
November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Convertible
Debt Board of Directors 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company entered into the Guzy Director Agreement (see Note 6) pursuant to which Mr. Guzy will serve as a director
of the Company, which agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either
party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the Agreement within 30 days of the expiration of the then current term. As compensation
therefor, Mr. Guzy is entitled to a cash fee of per month which accrues as debt to the Company until the Company has its first
cash-flow positive month. Any amounts owed to Mr. Guzy at the Renewal Date or upon Mr. Guzy resignation or removal will be converted
into common stock at a price per share equal to market price on the exchange or trading market where such stock is then traded or quoted
or the VWAP of the common stock for the 20-days immediately preceding the Renewal Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be. Mr.
Guzy was also issued a five-year stock option to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of . The Agreement
also includes a non-competition provision during the term of the Agreement and for twelve months thereafter. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company entered into the Kurtis Director Agreement (see Note 6) Agreement pursuant to which Dr. Kurtis will
provide up to five hours per month of board services, which agreement will automatically renew for
successive one-year terms unless either party notifies the other of its desire not to renew the Agreement within 30 days of the
expiration of the then current term. As compensation therefor, Dr. Kurtis is entitled to a cash fee of 
per month which accrues as debt to the Company until the Company has its first cash-flow positive month. Any amounts owed to Dr.
Kurtis at the Renewal Date or upon Dr. Kurtis resignation or removal will be converted into common stock at a price per share
equal to market price on the exchange or trading market where such stock is then traded or quoted or the VWAP of the common stock
for the 20-days immediately preceding the Renewal Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be. Dr. Kurtis was also issued a
five-year stock option to purchase 
 shares of common stock at .
The Agreement includes a non-competition provision during the term of the Agreement and for twelve months thereafter. 

Leases 

On
October 1, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year lease agreement for its office space with USMC with a monthly rent of (See
Note 7). The lease was amended to extend the lease for an additional two -year term effective November 1, 2022 and to add an additional
 square feet of office space for a total monthly rental price of per month, 

. As of November 30, 2022 and
2021, the Company had no deposits in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

of total revenue for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, as set forth below: 

Customer
 A 

Customer
 B 

Customer
 C 

Customer
 D 

Four
customers accounted for of total revenue for the year ended November 30, 2021, as set forth below: 

Customer
 A 

Customer
 B 

Customer
 C 

Customer
 D 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company did not have any accounts receivable as of November 30, 2022. 

One
customer accounted for of the accounts receivable as of November 30, 2021. 

Vendors 

One
supplier accounted for of purchases as of November 30, 2022, as set forth below: 

Vendor
 A, a related party 

Two
suppliers accounted for of purchases as of November 30, 2021, as set forth below: 

Vendor
 A, a related party 

Vendor
 B 

which are available to offset future taxable income. As a result of the Tax Cuts Job Act 2017, certain of these carry-forwards
do not expire. The Company has not performed a formal analysis, but it believes its ability to use such net operating losses and tax
credit carry-forwards is subject to annual limitations due to change of control provisions under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal
Revenue Code, which significantly impacts its ability to realize these deferred tax assets. 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company records a valuation allowance in the full amount of its net deferred tax assets since realization of such tax benefits has been
determined by management to be less likely than not. The valuation allowance decreased during the fiscal year ended November
30, 2022. The valuation allowance increased during the year ended November 30, 2021. 

State
 statutory income tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Other 

Effective
 tax rate 
 - 
 - 

To
date, the Company has not filed its 2022 federal and state corporate income tax returns. The Company expects to make these filings as
soon as practicable. 

debt, plus 
 of accrued and unpaid interest. 

Pursuant to a settlement and release agreement, dated February 10, 2023,
in connection with certain purchases and sales of securities of the Company by A. Scott Dockter, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Dockter agreed to transfer shares and shares of common stock to the Company and opposing counsel for fees, respectively. 

F- 26 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 ex10-23.htm

Exhibit 10.23 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 ex10-24.htm

Exhibit 10.24 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 ex10-25.htm

Exhibit 10.25 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 5
 ex10-26.htm

Exhibit 10.26 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 6
 ex10-27.htm

Exhibit 10.27 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 7
 ex10-28.htm

Exhibit 10.28 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.35>
 8
 ex10-35.htm

Exhibit 10.35 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 9
 ex10-36.htm

Exhibit 10.36 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION 

 CEO
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Scott Dockter, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022 for Purebase Corporation; 
 
 2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 
 
 4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Scott Dockter 

Name: 
 Scott
 Dockter 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION 

 CFO
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Scott Dockter, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2022 for Purebase Corporation; 
 
 2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 
 
 4. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Scott Dockter 

Name: 
 Scott
 Dockter 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Purebase Corporation (the Company for the year ended November 30, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report
 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Scott Dockter 

Name: 
 Scott
 Dockter 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

PUREBASE
CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Purebase Corporation (the Company for the year ended November 30, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
 the Company. 

Date: 
 February
 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Scott Dockter 

Name: 
 Scott
 Dockter 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 89
 pubc-20221130.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 91
 pubc-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 92
 pubc-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 93
 pubc-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

