<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_736772_0000736772-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>60058480</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>387788</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>28769263</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15594032</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7159583</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7378044</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000736772-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303162049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000736772-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		278
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CNB FINANCIAL CORP/PA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000736772
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				251450605
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39472
		FILM NUMBER:		23704339

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 SOUTH SECOND STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 42
		CITY:			CLEARFIELD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8147659621

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 SOUTH SECOND STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 42
		CITY:			CLEARFIELD
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000736772-23-000023.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 ccne-20221231.htm
 10-K

ccne-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 F O R M 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large Accelerated Filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sales price quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately: 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of March 2, 2023: shares 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page Number PART I. ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II. ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 24 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 51 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 123 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 123 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 124 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 124 
 PART III. ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 124 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 124 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 124 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 124 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 125 
 PART IV. ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 126 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 128 
 SIGNATURES 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 

The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by Item 1A. Risk Factors and the section captioned "Forward-Looking Statements and Factors that Could Affect Future Results" in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this report. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 CNB Financial Corporation (the "Corporation") is a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHC Act"). It was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1983 for the purpose of engaging in the business of a financial holding company. On April 26, 1984, the Corporation acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of County National Bank, a national banking chartered institution. In December 2006, County National Bank changed its name to CNB Bank (the "Bank") and became a state bank chartered in Pennsylvania and subject to regulation by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the "Pennsylvania Department of Banking") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In October 2013, the Corporation acquired FC Banc Corp. and its subsidiary, The Farmers Citizens Bank. In July 2016, the Corporation acquired Lake National Bank, and in July 2020, the Corporation acquired Bank of Akron. 
 
 In addition to the Bank, the Corporation has four other subsidiaries. CNB Securities Corporation is incorporated in Delaware and currently maintains investments in debt and equity securities. CNB Insurance Agency, incorporated in Pennsylvania, provides for the sale of nonproprietary annuities and other insurance products. CNB Risk Management, Inc. is a Delaware-based captive insurance company which insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today's insurance marketplace. Holiday Financial Services Corporation ("Holiday"), incorporated in Pennsylvania, offers small balance unsecured loans and secured loans, primarily collateralized by automobiles and equipment, to borrowers with higher risk characteristics. 
 
 CNB Bank 
 
 The Bank was originally chartered as a national bank in 1934 and is now a Pennsylvania-chartered bank. The CNB Bank franchise operates eighteen full-service branch locations in Pennsylvania. 
 
 ERIEBANK, a division of the Bank, began operations in 2005. In July 2016, the Corporation acquired Lake National Bank, which operated two full-service branches in Mentor, Ohio, approximately 20 miles east of Cleveland, Ohio. The Bank continues to operate one of these branch locations within its ERIEBANK franchise, with the other location ceasing operations in August 2020. In January 2020, the Corporation established a loan production office ("LPO") in Cleveland, Ohio. This LPO operated within the ERIEBANK division as of December 31, 2021 and has subsequently closed. In conjunction with the closing of the LPO, the Corporation opened a full-service branch in Cleveland, Ohio. The Bank currently operates twelve full-service branch locations, a division of the Bank, with its headquarters in Erie, Pennsylvania. 
 
 In October 2013, the Corporation acquired FC Banc Corp. and its subsidiary, Farmers Citizens Bank. The Bank currently operates six full-service branch locations as FCBank, a division of the Bank, with its headquarters in Worthington, Ohio. 
 
 In 2016, the Bank received regulatory approval to conduct business in the state of New York as BankOnBuffalo, a division of the Bank. In July 2020, the Corporation acquired Bank of Akron, with its branch locations operating with BankOnBuffalo. The Bank currently operates eleven branch locations, one mobile branch, one drive-up office, and one loan production office as BankOnBuffalo, a division of the Bank, with its headquarters in Buffalo, New York. 
 
 In 2021, the Bank received regulatory approval to conduct business in the state of Virginia as Ridge View Bank, a division of the Bank. The Bank currently operates two LPOs in Southwest Virginia. 
 
 In early 2023, the Bank intends to launch Impressia Bank, a full-service banking division dedicated to the professional and financial development and advancement of women business owners and women leaders. This women-focused commercial bank will operate within the existing geographic footprint of each of CNB Bank s other divisions and also will have an online presence. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank had 47 full-service branch offices located in various communities in its market area at December 31, 2022. The Bank s primary market area of the Pennsylvania counties of Blair, Cambria, Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, Crawford, Elk, Indiana, Jefferson and McKean. ERIEBANK, a division of the Bank, operates in the Pennsylvania counties of Crawford, Erie and Warren and in the Ohio counties of Ashtabula, Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake and Lorain. FCBank, a division of the Bank, operates in the Ohio counties of Crawford, Delaware, Franklin, Knox, Marion, Morrow and Richland. BankOnBuffalo, a division of the Bank, operates in the New York counties of Erie and Niagara. Ridge View Bank, a division of the Bank, operates in Southwest, Virginia. Impressia Bank, a division of the Bank, will operate in the Bank s primary market areas. 
 
 The Bank is a full-service bank engaging in a full range of banking activities and services for individual, business, governmental and institutional customers. These activities and services principally include checking, savings, and time deposit accounts; real estate, commercial, industrial, residential and consumer loans; and a variety of other specialized financial services. The Bank s Private Client Solutions division offers a full range of client services, including private banking and wealth and asset management. 
 
 Holiday Financial Services Corporation 
 
 In 2005, the Corporation entered the consumer discount loan and finance business, which is conducted through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Holiday. Holiday currently has nine offices within the Corporation s market area. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 Following a cybersecurity incident in the fourth quarter of 2020 that resulted in potential unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, the Corporation has continued to enhance its data security systems, technology platforms, employee education, and risk management processes in an effort to underpin its business strategy. Although the Corporation s core systems were not compromised and the Corporation has not experienced any material losses, the Corporation is committed to implementing strategies to prevent and/or mitigate future cyber attacks. 
 
 Federal regulators issued two statements regarding cybersecurity: (i) a statement indicating that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institutions; and (ii) a statement indicating the expectation of a financial institution's management to maintain a sufficient business continuity planning process to ensure rapid recovery, resumption, and maintenance of the financial institution's operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to: (a) enable recovery of data and business operations, (b) address rebuilding network capabilities, and (c) restore data if the financial institution or any of its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If the Corporation does not comply with this regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, as well as financial penalties. 
 
 In November 2021, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify certain entities. A computer-security incident occurs when actual or potential harm to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information or the information system occurs, or there is a violation or imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures. The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator of the computer-security incident that has occurred. These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into bigger incidents. This rule also requires bank service providers to notify their customers of a computer-security incident. 
 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. The Corporation expects this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue, and continues to monitor developments in the states in which the Corporation s customers are located. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 
 The financial services industry in the Corporation s service area continues to be extremely competitive, both among commercial banks and with other financial service providers such as consumer finance companies, thrifts, investment firms, mutual funds, and credit unions. The increased competition has resulted from changes in legal and regulatory guidelines as well as from economic conditions. Mortgage banking firms, leasing companies, financial affiliates of industrial companies, brokerage firms, retirement fund management firms, and even government agencies provide additional competition for loans and other financial services. Some of the financial service providers operating in the Corporation s market area operate on a large-scale regional or national basis and possess greater resources than those of the Corporation. The Corporation is generally competitive with all competing financial institutions in its service area with respect to interest rates paid on time and savings deposits, service charges on deposit accounts, and interest rates charged on loans. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 The Corporation is a bank holding company that has elected financial holding company status, and the Bank is a Pennsylvania state-chartered bank that is not a member of the Federal Reserve System. Accordingly, the Corporation is subject to the oversight of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board") and the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and is regulated under the BHC Act, and the Bank is subject to the oversight of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), as its primary federal regulator. The Corporation and the Bank are also subject to various requirements and restrictions under federal and state law, such as requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types, amounts and terms and conditions of loans that may be granted, and limitations on the types of investments that may be made and the types of services that may be offered. Various consumer financial protection laws and regulations also affect the operation of the Bank and, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") is authorized to write rules on consumer financial products and services which could affect the operations of the Bank and Holiday. In addition to the impact of regulation, commercial banks are significantly affected by the actions of the Federal Reserve Board, including actions taken with respect to interest rates, as the Federal Reserve Board attempts to control the money supply and credit availability in the U.S. in order to influence the economy. 
 
 The following summary sets forth certain of the material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their subsidiaries and provides certain specific information about us and our subsidiaries. It does not describe all of the provisions of the statutes, regulations and policies that are identified. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by express reference to each of the particular statutory and regulatory provisions. A change in applicable statutes, regulations or regulatory policy may have a material effect on our business. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 
 As a bank holding company that controls a Pennsylvania state-chartered bank, the Corporation is subject to regulation and examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and the Federal Reserve Board. We are required to file with the Federal Reserve Board an annual report and such additional information as the Federal Reserve Board may require pursuant to the BHC Act, and applicable regulations. For instance, the BHC Act requires each bank holding company to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it may acquire substantially all the assets of any bank, or before it may acquire ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after such acquisition, it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than five percent of any class of voting shares of such bank. Such a transaction may also require approval of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. 
 
 Pursuant to provisions of the BHC Act and regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board thereunder, the Corporation may only engage in, or own companies that engage in, activities deemed by the Federal Reserve Board to be permissible for bank holding companies or financial holding companies. Activities permissible for bank holding companies include those that are so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Activities for financial holding companies include those that are "so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto" as well as certain additional activities deemed "financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity" or complementary to a financial activity and that does not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of the depository institution or the financial system. 
 
 The Corporation must obtain permission from or provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board prior to engaging in most new business activities. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation of CNB Bank 
 
 Federal and state banking laws and regulations govern, among other things, the scope of a bank s business, the investments a bank may make, the reserves against deposits a bank must maintain, the loans a bank makes and collateral it takes, the activities of a bank with respect to mergers and acquisitions, the establishment of branches, management practices, and numerous other aspects of banking operations. 
 
 Source of Strength Doctrine 
 
 Under Section 616 of the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, it is the Federal Reserve Board s policy that in serving as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks, a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the Federal Reserve Board to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice, a violation of the Federal Reserve Board regulations, or both. This doctrine is commonly known as the "source of strength" doctrine. 
 
 Identity Theft 
 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (together with the SEC, the "Commissions") jointly issued final rules and guidelines to require certain regulated entities to establish programs to address risks of identity theft. The rules and guidelines implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. These provisions amend Section 615(e) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act and directed the Commissions to adopt rules requiring entities that are subject to the Commissions jurisdiction to address identity theft in two ways. First, the rules require financial institutions and creditors to develop and implement a written identity theft prevention program that is designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft in connection with certain existing accounts or the opening of new accounts. The rules include guidelines to assist entities in the formulation and maintenance of programs that would satisfy the requirements of the rules. Second, the rules establish special requirements for any credit and debit card issuers that are subject to the Commissions jurisdiction to assess the validity of notifications of changes of address under certain circumstances. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 
 The Capital Rules adopted in 2013 by the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency generally implement the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital framework, referred to as Basel III, for strengthening international capital standards. The Capital Rules revise the definitions and components of regulatory capital, increase risk-based capital requirements, and make selected changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets. The risk-weighting categories in the Capital Rules are standardized and include a risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities to 600 for certain equity exposures, and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of assets. 
 
 The Capital Rules, among other things: 
 revise minimum capital requirements and adjust prompt corrective action thresholds; 
 revise the components of regulatory capital, including adding a new minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets and increasing the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement from 4 to 6 ; 
 retain the existing risk-based capital treatment for 1-4 family residential mortgage exposures; 
 permit most banking organizations to retain, through a one-time permanent election, the existing capital treatment for accumulated other comprehensive income; 
 implement the capital conservation buffer beginning January 1, 2016, which was phased in incrementally until it reached 2.5 of risk-weighted assets, in addition to the minimum common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital ratios, on January 1, 2019; 
 require a minimum leverage ratio of 4 ; 
 require a total capital ratio of 8 ; 
 increase capital requirements for past-due loans, high volatility commercial real estate exposures, and certain short-term loan commitments; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 require the deduction of mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets that exceed 10 of common equity Tier 1 capital in each category and 15 of common equity Tier 1 capital in the aggregate; and 
 remove references to credit ratings consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act and establish due diligence requirements for securitization exposures. 
 
 Compliance with the Capital Rules was required beginning January 1, 2015, for most banking organizations including the Corporation, subject to a transition period for several aspects of the final rules, including the new minimum capital ratio requirements, the capital conservation buffer, and the regulatory capital adjustments and deductions. The Corporation implemented the Capital Rules on January 1, 2015, and continues to exceed all estimated well-capitalized regulatory requirements on a fully phased-in basis. 
 
 In July 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC adopted a final rule intended to simply the Capital Rules described above for non-advanced approaches institutions. Institutions were required to implement the simplification rule by April 1, 2020. 
 
 In September 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC adopted a final rule that is intended to further simplify the Capital Rules for depository institutions and their holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, such as us, if such institutions meet certain qualifying criteria. This final rule became effective on January 1, 2020. Under this final rule, if we meet the qualifying criteria, including having a leverage ratio (equal to Tier 1 capital divided by average total consolidated assets) of a certain size (greater than 9 beginning January 1, 2022), we will be eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. If we opt into this framework, we will be considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements in the Capital Rules (as modified pursuant to the simplification rule) and will be considered to have met the well-capitalized ratio requirements for prompt corrective action purposes. To date, we have not opted in to this community bank leverage ratio framework. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 
 The Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Declaration and payment of cash dividends depends upon cash dividend payments to the Corporation by the Bank, which is our primary source of revenue and cash flow. Accordingly, the right of the Corporation, and consequently the right of our creditors and shareholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is necessarily subject to the prior claims of creditors of the Bank, except to the extent that claims of the Corporation in its capacity as a creditor may be recognized. 
 
 As a Pennsylvania state-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment and amounts of dividends under the Pennsylvania Banking Code. Further, the ability of banking subsidiaries to pay dividends is also subject to their profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures and other cash flow requirements. 
 
 The payment of dividends by the Bank and the Corporation may also be affected by other factors, such as the requirement to maintain adequate capital above regulatory requirements. The federal banking agencies have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. A depository institution may not pay any dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized or if it already is undercapitalized. Moreover, the federal banking agencies have issued policy statements that provide that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Federal banking regulators have the authority to prohibit banks and bank holding companies from paying a dividend if the regulators deem such payment to be an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action and Safety and Soundness 
 
 Under applicable "prompt corrective action" ("PCA") statutes and regulations, depository institutions are placed into one of five capital categories, ranging from "well capitalized" to "critically undercapitalized." The PCA statute and regulations provide for progressively more stringent supervisory measures as an insured depository institution s capital category declines. An institution that is not well capitalized is generally prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market. An undercapitalized depository institution must submit an acceptable restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency. One requisite element of such a plan is that the institution s parent holding company must guarantee compliance by the institution with the plan, subject to certain limitations. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Bank qualified as "well capitalized" under applicable regulatory capital standards. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Bank holding companies and insured depository institutions may also be subject to potential enforcement actions of varying levels of severity by the federal banking agencies for unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their business, or for violation of any law, rule, regulation, condition imposed in writing by the agency, or term of a written agreement with the agency. In more serious cases, enforcement actions may include the issuance of directives to increase capital; the issuance of formal and informal agreements; the imposition of civil monetary penalties; the issuance of a cease and desist order that can be judicially enforced; the issuance of removal and prohibition orders against officers, directors, and other institution affiliated parties; the termination of the insured depository institution s deposit insurance; the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the insured depository institution; and the enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders based upon a judicial determination that the FDIC, as receiver, would be harmed if such equitable relief was not granted. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 Under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 ("CRA"), the FDIC is required to assess the record of all financial institutions it supervises to determine if these institutions are meeting the credit needs of the community (including low and moderate income neighborhoods) which they serve. CRA performance evaluations are based on a four-tiered rating system: Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, and Substantial Noncompliance. CRA performance evaluations are considered in evaluating applications for such things as mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open branches. The Bank received a CRA rating of "Satisfactory" at its most recent CRA exam. 
 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders 
 
 The Bank is subject to the restrictions of Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the implementing Regulation W. The Bank's "affiliates" for purposes of these sections include, among other potential entities, the Corporation and its direct subsidiaries. Section 23A requires that loans or extensions of credit by the Bank to an affiliate, purchases by the Bank of securities issued by an affiliate, purchases by the Bank of assets from an affiliate (except as may be exempted by order or regulation), the Bank s acceptance of securities or debt obligations issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of the credit to a third party, the Bank s acceptance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate, a transaction with an affiliate involving the borrowing or lending of securities to the extent the transaction causes the Bank to have credit exposure to the affiliate, and a derivative transaction with an affiliate, to the extent the Bank will have credit exposure to the affiliate (collectively, "Covered Transactions") be on terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Section 23A also imposes quantitative restrictions on the amount of and collateralization requirements on such transactions. Section 23B requires that all Covered Transactions and certain other transactions, including the sale of securities or other assets by the Bank to an affiliate and the payment of money or the furnishing of services by the Bank to an affiliate, be on terms comparable to those prevailing for similar transactions with nonaffiliates. 
 
 The Bank is also subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, and the implementation of Regulation O issued by the Federal Reserve Board. These provisions impose limitations on loans and extensions of credit by the Bank to its and its affiliates' executive officers, directors and principal shareholders and their related interests. The limitations restrict the terms and aggregate amount of such transactions. Regulation O also imposes certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements. 
 
 Deposit Insurance and Premiums 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured up to applicable limits per insured depositor by the FDIC. The standard maximum deposit insurance amount is 250,000 per depositor, per insured depository institution, per ownership category, in accordance with applicable FDIC regulations. 
 
 The FDIC uses a risk-based assessment system that imposes insurance premiums based on a risk matrix that takes into account the bank s capital level and supervisory rating. The base for insurance assessments is the average consolidated total assets less tangible equity capital of a financial institution. Assessment rates are calculated using formulas that take into account the risk of the institution being assessed. The FDIC adopted a final rule effective June 26, 2020, and applied as of April 1, 2020, to mitigate the effect on deposit insurance assessments of a bank s participation in the Paycheck Protection Program, the Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility and the Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Privacy and Data Security 
 
 The Corporation is subject to federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and certain state laws containing consumer privacy protection provisions. These provisions limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to affiliated and non-affiliated third parties and limit the reuse of certain consumer information received from non-affiliated financial institutions. These provisions require notice of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain nonpublic personal information to affiliates or non-affiliated third parties by means of opt-out or opt-in authorizations. 
 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires that financial institutions implement comprehensive written information security programs that include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect consumer information. Federal banking agencies have also adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and programs to protect such information. Further, pursuant to interpretive guidance issued under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain state laws, financial institutions are required to notify customers of security breaches that result in unauthorized access to their nonpublic personal information. 
 
 Incentive Compensation 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities, including the Corporation and the Bank, with at least 1 billion in total consolidated assets that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. The federal banking agencies and the SEC most recently proposed such regulations in 2016, but the regulations have not yet been finalized. If the regulations are adopted in the form initially proposed, they will restrict the manner in which executive compensation is structured. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation at their first annual meeting taking place six months after the date of enactment and at least every three years thereafter and on so-called "golden parachute" payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions. 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 
 Under Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act, all financial institutions are required to take certain measures to identify their customers, prevent money laundering, monitor customer transactions, and report suspicious activity to U.S. law enforcement agencies. Financial institutions also are required to respond to requests for information from federal banking agencies and law enforcement agencies. Information sharing among financial institutions for the above purposes is encouraged by an exemption granted to complying financial institutions from the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other privacy laws. Financial institutions that hold correspondent accounts for foreign banks or provide private banking services to foreign individuals are required to take measures to avoid dealing with certain foreign individuals or entities, including foreign banks with profiles that raise money laundering concerns, and are prohibited from dealing with foreign "shell banks" and persons from jurisdictions of particular concern. The primary federal banking agencies and the Secretary of the Treasury have adopted regulations to implement several of these provisions. All financial institutions also are required to establish internal anti-money laundering programs. The effectiveness of a financial institution in combating money laundering activities is a factor to be considered in any application submitted by the financial institution under the Bank Merger Act. The Bank has in place a Bank Secrecy Act and USA PATRIOT Act compliance program and engages in very few transactions of any kind with foreign financial institutions or foreign persons. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 
 The United States government has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals, and others. These are typically known as the "OFAC" rules based on their administration by the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Assets Control. The Office of Foreign Assets Control-administered sanctions targeting countries take many different forms. Generally, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off, or transferred in any manner without a license from the Office of Foreign Assets Control. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 
 Other Federal Laws and Regulations 
 
 State usury and other credit laws limit the amount of interest and various other charges collected or contracted by a bank on loans. The Bank is also subject to lending limits on loans to one borrower and regulatory guidance on concentrations of credit. The Bank s loans and other products and services are also subject to numerous federal and state consumer financial protection laws, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 Truth-In-Lending Act, which governs disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 Truth-in-Savings Act, which governs disclosures of the terms of deposit accounts to consumers; 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to regulators to enable determinations as to whether financial institutions are fulfilling their obligations to meet the home lending needs of the communities they serve and not discriminating in their lending practices; 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, sex or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, which imposes requirements relating to real estate settlements, including requiring lenders to disclose certain information regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlement services; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act, covering numerous areas relating to certain types of consumer information and identity theft; 
 Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related regulations, which require that financial institutions provide privacy policies to consumers, to allow customers to "opt out" of certain sharing of their nonpublic personal information, and to safeguard sensitive and confidential customer information; 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act, which is a consumer protection law regarding electronic fund transfers; and 
 Numerous other federal and state laws and regulations, including those related to consumer protection and bank operations. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") is applicable to all companies with equity securities registered or that file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including publicly-held financial holding companies such as the Corporation. In particular, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act establishes: (i) requirements for audit committees, including independence, expertise, and responsibilities; (ii) additional responsibilities regarding financial statements for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the reporting company; (iii) standards for auditors and regulation of audits; (iv) increased disclosure and reporting obligations for the reporting company and its directors and executive officers; and (v) new and increased civil and criminal penalties for violations of the securities laws. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Governmental Policies 
 
 Our earnings are significantly affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board. Among the instruments of monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these objectives are open-market operations in U.S. Government securities and federal funds, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These instruments of monetary policy are used in varying combinations to influence the overall level of bank loans, investments and deposits, and the interest rates charged on loans and paid for deposits. The Federal Reserve Board frequently uses these instruments of monetary policy, especially its open-market operations and the discount rate, to influence the level of interest rates and to affect the strength of the economy, the level of inflation or the price of the dollar in foreign exchange markets. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of banking institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. It is not possible to predict the nature of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies, or the effect which they may have on our business and earnings. 
 
 Other Legislative Initiatives 
 
 Proposals may be introduced in the United States Congress, in the Pennsylvania Legislature, and/or by various bank regulatory authorities that could alter the powers of, and restrictions on, different types of banking organizations and which could restructure part or all of the existing regulatory framework for banks, bank and financial holding companies and other providers of financial services. Moreover, other bills may be introduced in Congress which would further regulate, deregulate or restructure the financial services industry, including proposals to substantially reform the regulatory framework. It is not possible to predict whether any such proposals will be enacted into law or, even if enacted, what effect such action may have on our business and earnings. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation had a total of 759 employees, of which 722 were full time and 37 were part time. 
 
 The Corporation respects, values and promotes the realization of an increasing diversity and inclusivity profile in our team of Board members and employees, and our customers, reflective of the communities we serve. The Corporation emphasizes relevant governance and diversity and inclusion principles in strategic planning, human capital management and leadership development (which includes recruiting and retaining employees). 
 
 Strategic Planning and Related Training 
 
 The Corporation has established a formal Strategic Plan, and the framework of the Strategic Plan establishes that principles of inclusion and diversity encompass and integrate with the other objectives of the Strategic Plan, including exceptional experiences, demonstrated leadership, adaptable technology, and long-term growth. In establishing these principles as the foundation upon which all other strategic objectives are anchored, the Corporation seeks to further develop and sustain a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture, with sensitivity to the entirety of the Corporation s footprint and environment in which it operates. The differences among the Corporation s Board of Directors and employees, and its customers and community members, are respected and embraced to drive innovative products, services, and solutions that effectively meet the variety of needs among the Corporation s diverse group of stakeholders. 
 
 To ensure that the Environmental, Social, and Governance principles are understood, implemented, and demonstrated by the Corporation s employee team on a sustained basis, the Corporation developed a comprehensive diversity, equity, and inclusion ("DE I") communication processes and a training curriculum which was rolled out to all employees, including internal sessions delivered by a certified diversity and inclusion trainer, supplemented by relevant external training sources. Employee experience committees were also formed in 2022 to explore and evaluate how various DE I topics impact our employees and how we can better address them. To monitor progress and solicit feedback, the Corporation conducted a company wide survey on DE I. The results of this survey will be utilized for developing areas of focus for 2023. In 2023, the Corporation also plans to continue offering training to employees, including a module within the Corporation's training program for new managers, monthly lunch and learn events, and develop employee resource groups, which are employee-led groups whose aim is to foster a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned within the organization. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Inclusion and Diversity Committee 
 
 In support of its strategic diversity and inclusion efforts, and to ensure that the diverse perspectives of the entire Corporation s employee team is considered when developing and implementing its service and operating profile, the Corporation established a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee (the Diversity Committee in 2018. The Diversity Committee, which meets monthly, is comprised of over 10 employee members including underrepresented minorities, females, and those who identify as LGTBQAI+, as well as two senior executive level members, with the following committee responsibilities and goals: 
 
 Encourage an inclusive and engaged workforce culture through communications and training; 
 Demonstrate sustainability, commitment and accountability by tracking inclusion and diversity efforts bank wide; 
 Bring awareness to the importance of inclusion and diversity internally and externally. 
 
 The Diversity Committee s meeting minutes, activities and recommendations are provided regularly to the Corporation s executive management team for consideration to promote the effective integration of diversity and inclusion principles into the respective facets of our business evaluated and addressed by the Diversity Committee. 
 
 Human Capital Management and Leadership Development 
 
 We seek to recognize the unique contribution each employee brings to the Corporation, and we are fully committed to supporting a workplace that understands, accepts and values the similarities and differences between individuals. The Corporation s key human capital management objectives are to recruit, hire, develop, and promote a deeply experienced and diverse employee team, supplemented by similarly inclusive and diversity-focused third-party vendors, that collectively translate into a strong workforce committed to fostering, promoting, and preserving the entire spectrum of our communities and culture, while successfully executing our business strategies and demonstrating our corporate values. To support these objectives, the Corporation s Employee Experience processes and programs are designed and operated to: 
 
 Attract and develop talented employees across the spectrum of professional experience, life experience, socio-economic background, gender, race, religion, skill set, and geographic representation; 
 Prepare all members of our team for critical roles and leadership positions both now and the future, in serving as employees and valuable community members; 
 Reward and support employees fairly and without discrimination based upon successful performance and through competitive pay and benefit programs; 
 Enhance the Corporation s culture through efforts to better understand, foster, promote, and preserve a culture of diversity and inclusion; and 
 Evolve and invest in technology, tools, and resources to better support employees of varying skills and backgrounds at work. 
 
 Among the means we use to monitor our performance in employee diversity and inclusion management, we take recurring management and employee demographic measurements and engagement surveys, and utilize the results to identify progress made, as well as areas in need of more attention, in improving the diversity, equity, and inclusion of our leadership and workforce profile, and personnel management practices. 
 
 A critical measure is realizing increasing diversity in our senior leadership positions, as those members of the Corporation s management have greater ability to effectuate sustained change in the composition of our team and the expanded, relevant involvement of all groups within the spectrum of our workforce and communities. We are proud of the diversity we have achieved within the Corporation s senior leadership team, which is comprised of 16 individuals, of which 50 are female or members of underrepresented minority groups. 
 
 Overall, the Corporation's workforce is 67 female and 33 male, as reported by those who self-identified. In addition, 11 of the Corporation's workforce self-identified as a member of an underrepresented minority group. The underrepresented minority groups include individuals who self-identify as an ethnicity other than white, LGBTQAI+ or military veteran. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 As a result of broadening our recruitment efforts to increase the diversity of our teams, for the year ended December 31, 2022, 45 people out of 196 total hires for the Corporation identified as an underrepresented group. The Corporation increased the percentage of underrepresented hires from 19.5 of total new hires in 2021 to 22.7 in 2022, allowing us to continue to improve our overall diversity workforce profile, as our regional banks' workforce profiles are moving towards better alignment with the overall demographics of their respective communities. 
 
 Community Involvement and Social Impacts 
 
 The Corporation serves as a cornerstone institution of both financial support and community service in the markets in which we serve. We are committed to strengthening these communities through the active volunteering of our employees. 
 
 The Corporation's employees actively participate in their local communities through volunteer activities in education, economic development, human and health services, and community reinvestment. During 2022, employees donated 15,316 hours in support of more than 658 organizations, with 60 of employees actively participating. Additionally, there were approximately 987,000 in donations to community organizations and events within the communities we serve. Notably, the Corporation s Martin Luther King, Jr. "Take the Day On" efforts resulted in the support of 30 community organizations and 249 volunteer hours recorded. Employees collected donations and delivered them to local organizations in need during this national day of service, which typically serves as a bank holiday. 
 
 The Corporation expanded its efforts surrounding its financial literacy outreach in 2022, conducting five Financial Reality Fairs in various regions throughout the footprint we serve. The fairs teach real-life budgeting skills to high school students, many of whom are in low-to-moderate income households. The fairs included seven high schools and almost 1,000 students. Eighty employees donated over 875 hours of volunteer time and leveraged partnerships with thirty community organizations. Our employees and community volunteers not only shared their real-life knowledge of budgeting, but also provided additional financial education after the events. In addition to the fairs, employees participated in 120 other financial literacy events ranging from basic community banking sessions to school presentations. A total of 1,219 volunteer hours can be attributed to the Corporation s financial literacy program. Further, the Corporation sponsored elementary and secondary banking curriculum materials donating 30,155 to provide 8,666 workbooks for students, along with teacher guides and complimentary digital programs. Additionally, the Corporation provided 300,000 in Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program scholarships, and 24,500 in academic scholarships in service to the communities in which we operate. 
 
 In 2022, the Corporation focused on increasing its outreach to those who are "unbanked" or "underbanked". Two examples of how the Corporation worked to address this social issue include the launch of the Stress Less account, the Bank's first Bank On Certified account and opening a new fully mobile "BankOnWheels" to operate in the Buffalo metro area. The national Bank On movement seeks to provide consumers safe and affordable access to the mainstream financial system and help connect unbanked and underbanked people to these products. The Bank is committed to expanding banking access to its communities with this Bank On Certified account. Features of this account include a low minimum to open, checkless checking, a low monthly service charge, free access to eBanking, debit card access, and no fees for overdraft or dormancy. BankOnWheels, which opened in the fourth quarter of 2022, is an innovative new banking experience, making full-service banking accessible to more consumers and small businesses, particularly those in underserved communities. The first of its kind operated by any financial institution in Western New York, BankOnWheels is a full-service, yet fully mobile bank branch, which will enable the Bank to deliver essential banking services to communities with little or no access to such services today. The BankOnWheels will rotate between three locations in the cities of Buffalo and Niagara Falls, which are located in communities underserved by banks, with plans to serve additional areas in the future. 
 
 Throughout its history, the Corporation has focused on strengthening the communities it serves. We accomplish this by promoting economic development through investments in community-strengthening initiatives, such as affordable housing and revitalization efforts. As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s investment in affordable housing totaled approximately 8.0 million, with an additional investment commitment of 1.0 million and 2.5 million invested in the Erie Downtown Development Corporation, which is focused on revitalization efforts in downtown Erie, Pennsylvania. 
 
 The Corporation is also committed to supporting women owned businesses. The Bank intends to launch Impressia Bank, a division of the Bank, in the first quarter of 2023. Designed for women by women, Impressia Bank will be a full-service banking division of the Bank dedicated to the professional and financial development and advancement of women business owners and women leaders. Impressia Bank clients will have access to resources related to accelerating their business, developing appropriate business strategies, and establishing a community of women who support one another. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 
 The Corporation makes available free of charge on its website (www.cnbbank.bank) its Annual Report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the SEC. Information on the Corporation s website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 
 Shareholders may obtain a copy of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K free of charge by writing to: CNB Financial Corporation, 1 South Second Street, PO Box 42, Clearfield, PA 16830, Attn: Shareholder Relations. 
 
 The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about electronic filers such as the Corporation. The site is available at http://www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Corporation s financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks inherent in its business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Corporation are described below. If any of these risks actually occur, the Corporation s business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The following risks together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered. 
 
 Economic Risks 
 
 Economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 The Corporation s financial condition and results of operations are impacted by global markets and economic conditions over which the Corporation has no control. Inflation has significantly increased since the start of 2021 and continues to remain at elevated levels compared to recent years, which has led to increased costs for businesses and consumers. An economic downturn or recession, including deterioration in the economic conditions in the U.S., or a slowing or stalled recovery therefrom, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Poor economic conditions have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for the Corporation s products, the creditworthiness of the Corporation s borrowers and the value of the Corporation s investment securities and other interest-earning assets. In particular, the Corporation may face the following risks in connection with the economic or market environment: 
 
 The Corporation s and the Bank s ability to borrow from other financial institutions or to access the debt or equity capital markets on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations. 
 The Corporation faces increased regulation of the banking and financial services industry. Compliance with such regulation may increase its costs and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities. 
 Market developments may affect customer confidence levels and may cause increases in loan delinquencies and default rates, which management expects would adversely impact the Bank s charge-offs and provision for credit losses. 
 Market developments may adversely affect the Bank s securities portfolio by causing other-than-temporary-impairments, prompting write-downs and securities losses. 
 Competition in the banking and financial services industry could intensify as a result of the consolidation of financial services companies in connection with current market conditions. 
 
 The Corporation may not be able to meet its cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost, and the Corporation s cost of funds for banking operations may significantly increase as a result of general economic conditions, interest rates and competitive pressures. 
 
 Liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow obligations as they come due and cash flow needs on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. The liquidity of the Bank is used to make loans and to repay deposit and borrowing liabilities as they become due, or are demanded by customers and creditors. Many factors affect the Bank s ability to meet liquidity needs, including variations in the markets served by its network of offices, its mix of assets and liabilities, reputation and standing in the marketplace, and general economic conditions. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The Bank s primary source of funding is customer deposits, gathered throughout its network of banking offices. Periodically, the Corporation utilizes term borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank (the "FHLB") of Pittsburgh, of which the Bank is a member, and other lenders to meet funding obligations. The Bank s securities and loan portfolios provide a source of contingent liquidity that could be accessed in a reasonable time period through sales. 
 
 Significant changes in general economic conditions, market interest rates, competitive pressures or otherwise, could cause the Bank s deposits to decrease relative to overall banking operations, and it would have to rely more heavily on brokered funds and borrowings in the future, which are typically more expensive than deposits. 
 
 Management and the Corporation's Board of Directors, through the Asset-Liability Committee ("the ALCO"), monitor liquidity and the ALCO establishes and monitors acceptable liquidity ranges. The Bank actively manages its liquidity position through target ratios. Continual monitoring of these ratios, both historical and through forecasts under multiple rate scenarios, allows the Bank to employ strategies necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. 
 
 Changes in economic conditions, including consumer savings habits and availability of or access to capital, could potentially have a significant impact on the Bank s liquidity position, which in turn could materially impact the Corporation s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Credit and Interest Rate Risks 
 
 The Bank s allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover loan losses which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A significant source of risk for the Corporation arises from the possibility that losses will be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related parties may fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loan agreements. Most loans originated by the Bank are secured, but some loans are unsecured based upon management s evaluation of the creditworthiness of the borrowers. With respect to secured loans, the collateral securing the repayment of these loans principally includes a wide variety of real estate, and to a lesser extent commercial and personal property, either of which may be insufficient to cover the obligations owed under such loans. 
 
 Collateral values and the financial performance of borrowers may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic, environmental and other conditions, including declines in the value of real estate, changes in interest rates and debt service levels, changes in oil and gas prices, changes in monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government, widespread disease, terrorist activity, environmental contamination and other external events, which are beyond the control of the Bank. In addition, collateral appraisals that are out of date or that do not meet industry recognized standards might create the impression that a loan is adequately collateralized when in fact it is not. Although the Bank may acquire any real estate or other assets that secure defaulted loans through foreclosures or other similar remedies, the amounts owed under the defaulted loans may exceed the value of the assets acquired. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is subject to a formal analysis by the Credit Administration and Finance Departments of the Corporation. Following the issuance by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") of Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-13, "Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments," the Corporation adjusted its loan allowance methodology to reflect the new standard, which requires periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on financial assets and categorizes expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses under the current expected credit loss ("CECL") methodology. The Corporation measures expected credit losses of financial assets on a collective (pool) basis, when the financial assets share similar risk characteristics. Depending on the nature of the pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics, the models utilized by the Corporation to estimate expected credit losses include a discounted cash flow ("DCF") model that discounts instrument-level contractual cash flows, adjusted for prepayments and curtailments, incorporating loss expectations, and a weighted average remaining maturity ("WARM") model which contemplates expected losses at a pool-level, utilizing historic loss information. The Corporation's models for estimating the allowance for credit losses consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank monitors delinquencies and losses on a monthly basis. The Bank has adopted underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures, including the review of borrower financial statements and collateral appraisals, which management believes are appropriate to mitigate the risk of loss by assessing the likelihood of borrower nonperformance and the value of available collateral. The Bank also manages credit risk by diversifying its loan portfolio. An ongoing independent review, subsequent to management s review, of individual credits is performed by an independent loan review function, which reports to the Loan Committee of the Corporation s Board of Directors. 
 
 The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Corporation to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Although management believes that the processes in place for assessing the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses are robust, such policies and procedures have limitations, including judgment errors in management s risk analysis, and may not prevent unexpected losses in the future. Moreover, the CECL methodology may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses from quarter to quarter as changes in the level of allowance for credit losses will be dependent upon, among other things, macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, loan portfolio volumes and credit quality. These factors could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Interest rate volatility could significantly reduce the Corporation s profitability. 
 
 The Corporation s earnings largely depend on the relationship between the yield on its earning assets, primarily loans and investment securities, and the cost of funds, primarily deposits and borrowings. This relationship, commonly known as the net interest margin, is susceptible to significant fluctuation and is affected by economic and competitive factors that influence the yields and rates, and the volume and mix of the Bank s interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. 
 
 Interest rate risk can be defined as the sensitivity of net interest income and of the market value of financial instruments to the direction and frequency of changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk arises from the imbalance in the re-pricing, maturity, and/or cash flow characteristics of assets and liabilities. The Corporation is subject to interest rate risk to the degree that its interest bearing liabilities re-price or mature more slowly or more rapidly or on a different basis than its interest earning assets. Changes in interest rates, including those due to federal monetary policy, will affect the levels of income and expense recorded on a large portion of the Bank s assets and liabilities, and fluctuations in interest rates will impact the market value of all interest sensitive assets. Significant fluctuations in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 In response to high inflation, the Federal Reserve significantly increased the benchmark federal funds rate during 2022 and has signaled its intention to continue with additional increases in 2023. These actions have significantly increased interest rates. As interest rates rise, we experience competitive pressures to increase the rates we pay on deposits, which may decrease our net interest income. Furthermore, these increases in interest rates increase our cost of new debt or preferred capital. 
 
 The Bank s interest rate risk measurement and management techniques incorporate the re-pricing and cash flow attributes of its balance sheet and off-balance sheet instruments as they relate to current and potential changes in interest rates. The level of interest rate risk, measured in terms of the potential future effect on earnings, is determined through the use of static gap analysis and earnings simulation modeling under multiple interest rate scenarios. Management s objectives are to measure, monitor, and develop strategies in response to the interest rate risk profile inherent in the Bank s balance sheet in order to preserve the sensitivity of net interest income to actual or potential changes in interest rates. For further information on risk relating to interest rates, refer to Part I, Item 7a, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," herein. 
 
 The Corporation s investment securities portfolio is subject to credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk, and declines in value in its investment securities portfolio may require it to record impairment charges that could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Corporation s investment securities portfolio has risks beyond its control that can significantly influence the portfolio s fair value. These factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities, defaults of the issuers of the securities, lack of market pricing of the securities, and continued instability in the credit markets. Recent lack of market activity with respect to certain of the securities has, in certain circumstances, required the Corporation to base its fair market valuation on unobservable inputs. The Corporation has engaged valuation experts to price these certain securities using proprietary models, which incorporate assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the securities, including bid/ask spreads and liquidity and credit premiums. Any change in current accounting principles or interpretations of these principles could impact the Corporation s assessment of fair value and thus its determination of other-than-temporary impairment of the securities in its investment securities portfolio. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

The Bank may be required to record other-than-temporary impairment charges on its investment securities if they suffer declines in value that are considered other-than-temporary. Numerous factors, including collateral deterioration underlying certain private label mortgage-backed securities, lack of liquidity for re-sales of certain investment securities, absence of reliable pricing information for certain investment securities, adverse changes in business climate, adverse actions by regulators, or unanticipated changes in the competitive environment could negatively affect the Bank s securities portfolio in future periods. An other-than-temporary impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A substantial decline in the value of the Bank s FHLB common stock may adversely affect the Corporation s results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 As a requirement of membership in the FHLB of Pittsburgh, the Bank must own a minimum required amount of FHLB stock, calculated periodically based primarily on its level of borrowings from the FHLB. Borrowings from the FHLB represent the Bank s primary source of short-term and long-term wholesale funding. 
 
 In an extreme situation, it is possible that the capitalization of an FHLB, including the FHLB of Pittsburgh, could be substantially diminished or reduced to zero. Consequently, given that there is no trading market for the Bank s FHLB common stock, the Corporation s management believes that there is a risk that the Corporation s investment could be deemed impaired at some time in the future. If this occurs, it may adversely affect the Corporation s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If the capitalization of the FHLB of Pittsburgh is substantially diminished, the Bank s liquidity may be adversely impacted if it is not able to obtain alternative sources of funding. 
 
 There are 11 FHLB banks, including the FHLB of Pittsburgh, in the FHLB system. The 11 FHLB banks are jointly liable for the consolidated obligations of the FHLB system. To the extent that one FHLB bank cannot meet its obligations to pay its share of the system s debt, other FHLB banks can be called upon to make the payment. The Corporation cannot assure you, however, that the FHLB system will be able to meet these obligations. 
 
 The Bank could be held responsible for environmental liabilities relating to properties acquired through foreclosure, resulting in significant financial loss. 
 
 In the event the Bank forecloses on a defaulted commercial or residential mortgage loan to recover its investment, it may be subject to environmental liabilities in connection with the underlying real property, which could significantly exceed the value of the real property. Although the Bank exercises due diligence to discover potential environmental liabilities prior to acquiring any property through foreclosure, hazardous substances or wastes, contaminants, pollutants, or their sources may be discovered on properties during its ownership or after a sale to a third party. The Corporation cannot assure you that the Bank would not incur full recourse liability for the entire cost of any removal and cleanup on an acquired property, that the cost of removal and cleanup would not exceed the value of the property, or that the Bank could recover any of the costs from any third party. Losses arising from environmental liabilities could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 Replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), announced that the FCA intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit the rates required to calculate LIBOR after 2021. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its preferred alternative to LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. The U.S. bank regulators issued a Statement on LIBOR Transition on November 30, 2020 encouraging banks to transition away from U.S. Dollar (USD) LIBOR as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021 for new contracts. LIBOR is currently anticipated to be fully phased out by June 30, 2023. We are not able to predict with certainty when LIBOR will cease to be available or when there will be sufficient liquidity in the SOFR markets. Any changes adopted by the FCA or other governing bodies in the method used for determining LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR. If such an increase or decrease were to occur, our interest payments that are higher or lower than if LIBOR were to remain available in its current form. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We have a number of loans, derivative contracts, borrowings, and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR, or any changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR, could have an adverse impact on the market for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us, could create considerable costs and additional risk and could have an adverse impact on our overall financial condition or results of operations. Since proposed alternative rates (including SOFR) are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition will change our market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design, and hedging strategies. Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation. Although we are currently unable to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Corporation s Securities 
 
 Some provisions contained in the Corporation s articles of incorporation and its bylaws and under Pennsylvania law could deter a takeover attempt or delay changes in control or management of the Corporation. 
 
 Certain anti-takeover provisions of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of 1988, as amended, apply to Pennsylvania registered corporations (e.g., publicly traded companies) including, but not limited to, those relating to (1) control share acquisitions, (2) disgorgement of profits by certain controlling persons, (3) business combination transactions with interested shareholders, and (4) the rights of shareholders to demand fair value for their stock following a control transaction. Pennsylvania law permits corporations to opt-out of these anti-takeover provisions, but the Corporation has not done so. Such provisions could have the effect of deterring takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of the Corporation. Additionally, such provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the Corporation s common stock. 
 
 For example, the Corporation s amended and restated articles of incorporation require the affirmative vote of 66 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote to effect a business combination. In addition, the Corporation s amended and restated articles of incorporation, subject to the limitations prescribed in such articles and subject to limitations prescribed by Pennsylvania law, authorize the Corporation s Board of Directors, from time to time by resolution and without further shareholder action, to provide for the issuance of shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and other rights of the shares and to fix the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. As a result of its broad discretion with respect to the creation and issuance of preferred stock without shareholder approval, the Corporation's Board of Directors could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock and, by issuing shares of preferred stock with certain voting, conversion and/or redemption rights, could discourage any attempt to obtain control of the Corporation. 
 
 The Corporation s bylaws, as amended and restated, provide for the division of the Corporation s Board of Directors into three classes of directors, with each serving staggered terms. In addition, any amendment to the Corporation s bylaws must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by all shareholders entitled to vote thereon and, if any shareholders are entitled to vote thereon as a class, upon receiving the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote as a class. 
 
 Any of the foregoing provisions may have the effect of deterring takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of the Corporation. 
 
 The price of the Corporation s common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell shares of common stock owned by you at times or at prices you find attractive. 
 
 The price of the Corporation s common stock on the Global Select Market of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ") constantly changes. The Corporation expects that the market price of its common stock will continue to fluctuate, and the Corporation cannot give you any assurances regarding any trends in the market prices for its common stock. 
 
 The Corporation s stock price may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond its control. These factors include the Corporation s: 
 
 past and future dividend practice; 
 financial condition, performance, creditworthiness, and prospects; 
 quarterly variations in the Corporation s operating results or the quality of the Corporation s assets; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts, and investors; 
 changes in expectations as to the Corporation s future financial performance; 
 announcements of innovations, new products, strategic developments, significant contracts, acquisitions, and other material events by the Corporation or its competitors; 
 the operating and securities price performance of other companies that investors believe are comparable to the Corporation; 
 future sales of the Corporation s equity or equity-related securities; 
 the credit, mortgage and housing markets, the markets for securities relating to mortgages or housing, and developments with respect to financial institutions generally; and 
 instability in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, stock, commodity or real estate valuations or volatility, budget deficits or sovereign debt level concerns and other geopolitical, regulatory or judicial events. 
 
 The Corporation s ability to pay dividends is limited by law and regulations. 
 
 The future declaration of dividends by the Corporation s Board of Directors will depend on a number of factors, including capital requirements, regulatory limitations, the Corporation s operating results and financial condition and general economic conditions. As a bank holding company, the Corporation s principal assets and sources of income are derived from the Bank and, as a result, the Corporation s ability to pay dividends depends primarily on the receipt of dividends from the Bank. Dividend payments from the Bank are subject to legal and regulatory limitations, generally based on retained earnings, imposed by bank regulatory agencies. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is also subject to financial condition, regulatory capital requirements, capital expenditures, and other cash flow requirements. The Corporation cannot assure you that the Bank will be able to pay dividends to the Corporation in the future. If the Corporation were unable to receive dividends from the Bank, it would materially and adversely affects the Corporation s liquidity and its ability to service its debt, pay its other obligations, or pay cash dividends on its common stock. The Corporation may decide to limit the payment of dividends to its stockholders even when the Corporation has the legal ability to pay them in order to retain earnings for use in the Corporation s business. 
 
 Operational and Strategic Risks 
 
 The Bank s loans are principally concentrated in certain areas of Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York and Virginia, and adverse economic conditions in those markets could adversely affect the Corporation s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Corporation s success is dependent to a significant extent upon general economic conditions in the United States and, in particular, the local economies in Central and Northwest Pennsylvania, Central and Northeast Ohio, Western New York and Southwest Virginia - the primary markets served by the Bank. The Bank is particularly exposed to real estate and economic factors in these geographic areas, as most of its loan portfolio is concentrated among borrowers in these markets. Furthermore, because a substantial portion of the Bank s loan portfolio is secured by real estate in these areas, the value of the associated collateral is also subject to regional real estate market conditions. 
 
 The Bank is not immune to negative consequences arising from overall economic weakness and, in particular, a sharp downturn in the local real estate markets served by the Bank. While the Bank s loan portfolio has not shown significant signs of credit quality deterioration despite continued challenges in the U.S. economy, we cannot assure you that no deterioration will occur. An economic recession in the markets served by the Bank, and the nation as a whole, could negatively impact household and corporate incomes. This impact could lead to decreased loan demand and increase the number of borrowers who fail to pay the Bank interest or principal on their loans, and accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Severe weather, flooding and other effects of climate change and other natural disasters, such as earthquakes, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Our branch locations and our customers properties may be adversely impacted by flooding, wildfires, high winds and other effects of severe weather conditions that may be caused or exacerbated by climate change. These events can force property closures, result in property damage and/or result in delays in expansion, development or renovation of our properties and those of our customers. Even if these events do not directly impact our properties or our customers properties, they may impact us and our customers through increased insurance, energy or other costs. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, including federal, state or city laws, relating to climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our branch locations and/or our customers properties. We also face investor-related climate risks. Investors are increasingly taking into account environmental, social, and governance factors, including climate risks, in determining whether to invest in companies. Our reputation and investor relationships could be damaged as a result of our involvement with activities perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. 
 
 The preparation of the Corporation s financial statements requires the use of estimates that could significantly vary from actual results, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. For example, one of these significant estimates is the allowance for credit losses. Due to the inherent nature of estimates, the Corporation cannot provide absolute assurance that it will not significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 The Corporation s financial results may be subject to the impact of changes in accounting standards or interpretation in new or existing standards. 
 
 From time to time the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), and the SEC change accounting regulations and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Corporation s financial statements. In addition, the FASB, SEC, and bank regulators may revise their previous interpretations regarding existing accounting regulations and the application of these accounting standards. These revisions in their interpretations are out of the Corporation s control and may have a material impact on its financial statements. 
 
 The Corporation depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to clients, we may assume that a customer's audited financial statements conform to GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our earnings are significantly affected by our ability to properly originate, underwrite and service loans. Our financial condition, results of operations and capital could be negatively impacted to the extent we incorrectly assess the creditworthiness of our borrowers, fail to detect or respond to deterioration in asset quality in a timely manner, or rely on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading. 
 
 The risks presented by acquisitions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Any acquisitions will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions including, among other things: our ability to realize anticipated cost savings and avoid unanticipated costs relating to the merger, the difficulty of integrating operations and personnel, the potential disruption of our or the acquired company s ongoing business, the inability of our management to maximize our financial and strategic position, the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, and the impairment of relationships with the acquired company s employees and customers as a result of changes in ownership and management. These risks may prevent the Corporation from fully realizing the anticipated benefits of an acquisition or cause the realization of such benefits to take longer than expected. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Strong competition within the Corporation s markets and technological change may have a material adverse impact on its profitability. 
 
 The Corporation competes with an ever-increasing array of financial service providers. As noted above, as a financial holding company and state-chartered financial institution, respectively, the Corporation and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation and supervision, including, in many cases, regulations that limit the type and scope of activities. The non-bank financial service providers that compete with the Corporation and the Bank may not be subject to such extensive regulation, supervision, and tax burden. Competition from nationwide banks, as well as local institutions, is strong in the Corporation s markets. 
 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change and technological advances are likely to intensify competition. In addition to improving customer services, effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Accordingly, the Corporation s future success will depend in part on its ability to address customer needs by using technology. The Corporation cannot assure you that it will be able to successfully take advantage of technological changes or advances or develop and market new technology driven products and services to its customers. Failure to keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 Many regional, national, and international competitors have far greater assets and capitalization than the Corporation has and greater resources to invest in technology and access to capital markets and can consequently offer a broader array of financial services than the Corporation can. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to compete effectively with other financial institutions in the future. Developments increasing the nature or level of competition could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. For further information on competition, refer to Part I, Item 1, "Competition," herein. 
 
 The unsoundness of other financial institutions with which the Corporation does business could adversely affect the Corporation s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, investment or other relationships. The Corporation routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry such as commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients for a range of transactions including loan participations, derivatives, and hedging transactions. In addition, the Corporation invests in securities or loans originated or issued by financial institutions or supported by the loans they originate. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial institutions, or the financial industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or other institutions. Many of these transactions expose the Corporation to credit or investment risk in the event of default by the Corporation s counterparty. In addition, the Corporation s credit risk may be exacerbated if the collateral it holds cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or other exposure to the Corporation. The Corporation could incur losses to its securities portfolio as a result of these issues. These types of losses may have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition or results of operation. 
 
 The Corporation s operations may be adversely affected if its external vendors do not perform as expected or if its access to third-party services is interrupted. 
 
 The Corporation relies on certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain the day-to-day operations of the Corporation. Some of the products and services provided by vendors include key components of our business infrastructure including data processing and storage and internet connections and network access, among other products and services. Accordingly, the Corporation s operations are exposed to the risk that these vendors will not perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements or under service level agreements. The failure of an external vendor to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements or under service level agreements, because of changes in the vendor s organizational structure, financial condition, support for existing products and services or strategic focus or for any other reason, could disrupt the Corporation s operations. If we are unable to find alternative sources for our vendors services and products quickly and cost-effectively, the failures of our vendors could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation s business and, in turn, the Corporation s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, and we could experience service denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process new and renewal loans, gather deposits and provide customer service, compromise our ability to operate effectively, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business and subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A failure in or breach of the Corporation s or any of its subsidiaries operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third party vendors and other service providers, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt the Corporation s or any of its subsidiaries businesses, result in the unauthorized disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage its reputation, increase its costs, or cause losses. 
 
 The Corporation, primarily through the Bank, depends on its ability to continuously process, record and monitor a large number of customer transactions. The Corporation also collects and processes regulated personal data of employees and customers, and as such, public and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased over time. Accordingly, its and its subsidiaries operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, vulnerabilities, disruptions and breakdowns. Although the Corporation has business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support its businesses and customers, or cyber attacks or security breaches of its networks, systems or devices on which employees' or customers personal information is stored and that customers use to access the Corporation s and its subsidiaries products and services could result in customer attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could materially adversely affect the Corporation s results of operations or financial condition. In addition, significant disruptions of our third party vendors and/or service providers security systems or infrastructure, or other similar data security incidents, could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss, misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, regulated personal or confidential information, which could harm our business. 
 
 Although to date the Corporation has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that it or its subsidiaries will not suffer such losses in the future and our information systems remain a target of cyber attacks. Given the evolving nature of security threats and evolving safeguards, there can be no assurance that any preventive, protective, or remedial measures are or will be adequate to address threats that arise. However, even security measures that are appropriate, reasonable, and/or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not be able to fully protect our operational or security systems or infrastructure and the data contained therein, or our data that is contained in our subsidiaries or third parties systems. Additionally, while we have implemented security measures that we believe are appropriate, a regulator could deem our security measures not to be appropriate given the lack of prescriptive measures in certain data protection laws. The Corporation continues to enhance its data security systems, technology platforms, employee education and risk management processes, in an effort to underpin its business strategy as well as in response to the evolving threat landscape and any incidents we experience. In connection with these efforts, we have incurred costs and expect to incur additional costs as we continue to enhance our data security infrastructure and take further steps to prevent unauthorized access to our systems and the data we maintain. In addition, any actual or perceived failure by the Corporation or our vendors or business partners to comply with our privacy, confidentiality, or data security-related legal or other obligations to third parties may result in claims by third parties that we have breached our privacy- or confidentiality-related obligations, which could materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. 
 
 The Corporation s risk and exposure to these matters, including future "phishing" attempts like the 2020 incident, which was disclosed in the Corporation's Annual Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, remain heightened because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats, our plans to continue to implement our Internet banking and mobile banking channel strategies and develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers when and how they want to be served. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of the Corporation s controls, processes and practices designed to protect its and its subsidiaries systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for the Corporation. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Corporation may be required to expend further significant resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate future information security vulnerabilities. 
 
 While we have purchased cybersecurity insurance, there are no assurances that the coverage would be adequate in relation to any incurred losses. Moreover, as cyber attacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as adequate for our operations. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 A pandemic, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and measures intended to prevent its spread, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 A pandemic, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and emergence of new variants could negatively impact the global economy, disrupt financial markets and international trade, and result in varying unemployment levels, all of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Pandemic outbreaks could lead (and the current outbreak of COVID-19 has led) governments and other authorities around the world, including federal, state and local authorities in the United States, to impose measures intended to mitigate its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement and business operations such as issuing guidelines, travel bans, border closings, business closures and quarantine orders. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal and Compliance Matters 
 
 The Corporation is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision, which may affect its ability to conduct its business and may negatively impact its financial results. 
 
 The Corporation, primarily through the Bank and its non-bank subsidiary, is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, the Federal Deposit Insurance Fund and the safety and soundness of the banking system as a whole, not stockholders. These regulations affect the Corporation s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect the Corporation in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject it to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products the Corporation may offer, and/or limit the pricing it may charge on certain banking services, among other things. 
 
 Failure to comply with laws, including the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, restrictions, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation s business, financial condition and results of operations and/or cause the Corporation to lose its financial holding company status. While the Corporation has policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. See the section captioned "Supervision and Regulation" in Part I, Item 1 of this report for further information. 
 
 Federal and state governments could pass legislation responsive to current credit conditions which could cause the Corporation to experience higher credit losses. 
 
 The Corporation could experience higher credit losses because of federal or state legislation or regulatory action that reduces the amount the Bank s borrowers are otherwise contractually required to pay under existing loan contracts. Also, the Corporation could experience higher credit losses because of federal or state legislation or regulatory action that limits the Bank s ability to foreclose on property or other collateral or makes foreclosure less economically feasible. The Corporation cannot assure you that future legislation will not significantly and adversely impact its ability to collect on its current loans or foreclose on collateral. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 The Corporation relies on its management and other key personnel, and the loss of any of them may adversely affect its operations. 
 
 The Corporation is and will continue to be dependent upon the services of its executive management team. In addition, it will continue to depend on its ability to retain and recruit key client relationship managers. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on its business and financial condition. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 The Corporation's risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. 
 
 The Corporation maintains an enterprise risk management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report, and control the risks that it faces. These risks include, but are not limited to: strategic, interest-rate, credit, liquidity, operations, pricing, reputation, compliance, litigation, and cybersecurity. While the Corporation assesses and improves this program on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that its approach and framework for risk management and related controls will effectively mitigate all risk and limit losses in its business. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in the Corporation's risk-management program, or if its controls break down, the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The headquarters of the Corporation and the Bank are located at 1 South Second Street, Clearfield, Pennsylvania, in a building owned by the Corporation. The Bank operates 47 full-service offices at December 31, 2022. Of these 47 offices, 23 are owned and 23 are leased from independent owners and one is leased from the Corporation. Holiday has nine full-service offices, of which eight are leased from independent owners and one is leased from the Corporation. The Bank s primary market area of the Pennsylvania counties of Blair, Cambria, Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, Crawford, Elk, Indiana, Jefferson and McKean. ERIEBANK, a division of the Bank, operates in the Pennsylvania counties of Crawford, Erie and Warren and in the Ohio counties of Ashtabula, Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake and Lorain. FCBank, a division of the Bank, operates in the Ohio counties of Crawford, Delaware, Franklin, Knox, Marion, Morrow and Richland. BankOnBuffalo, a division of the Bank, operates in the New York counties of Erie and Niagara. Ridge View Bank, a division of the Bank, operates in Southwest, Virginia. Impressia Bank, a division of the Bank, will operate in the Bank s primary market areas. There are no encumbrances on the offices owned and the rental expense on the leased property is immaterial in relation to operating expenses. The initial lease terms range from three to twenty years. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which any of their properties is the subject, except ordinary routine proceedings which are incidental to the business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Global Select Market of NASDAQ under the symbol "CCNE." As of December 31, 2022, the number of shareholders of record of the Corporation s common stock was 7,023. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information with respect to any purchase of shares of the Corporation s common stock made by or on behalf of the Corporation for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or approximate dollar value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 31, 2022 500,000 (1) November 1 30, 2022 500,000 (1) December 1 31, 2022 500,000 (1) 
 
 (1) On May 17, 2022, the Corporation s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500,000 shares of common stock, provided that the aggregate purchase price of shares of common stock repurchased does not exceed 15 million. The repurchases of common stock, if any, are authorized to be made during the period beginning on June 2, 2022 (the date on which the Corporation received acknowledgement of the repurchase program from the Federal Reserve Bank) through and including May 17, 2023 through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions. Depending on market conditions and other factors, these repurchases may be commenced or suspended without prior notice. As of December 31, 2022, there were 500,000 shares remaining for repurchase under the program. 
 
 Additionally, during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, certain employees surrendered shares of common stock owned by them to satisfy their statutory minimum U.S. federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of shares of restricted common stock issued under the CNB Financial Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Share Return Performance 
 
 Set forth below is a chart comparing the Corporation s cumulative return to stockholders against the cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and a peer group index of banking organizations for the five-year period commencing December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022. 
 
 CNB Financial Corporation 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 CNB Financial Corporation 100.00 89.51 130.62 88.06 112.68 103.95 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 KBW NASDAQ Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 
 
 Source : S P Global Market Intelligence 
 2023 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is presented to provide insight into management s assessment of financial results and should be read in conjunction with the following parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk," and Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Dollar amounts in tables are stated in thousands, except for per share amounts. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements and Factors that Could Affect Future Results 
 
 The information below includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to CNB s financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, future performance and business. These forward-looking statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are those that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors (some of which are beyond CNB s control). Forward-looking statements often include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "forecasts," "intends," "plans," "targets," "potentially," "probably," "projects," "outlook" or similar expressions or future conditional verbs such as "may," "will," "should," "would" and "could." CNB s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. 
 
 Such known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the statements, include, but are not limited to, (i) adverse changes or conditions in capital and financial markets; (ii) changes in interest rates; (iii) the duration and scope of a pandemic, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and the local, national and global impact of a pandemic; (iv) changes in general business, industry or economic conditions or competition; (v) changes in any applicable law, rule, regulation, policy, guideline or practice governing or affecting financial holding companies and their subsidiaries or with respect to tax or accounting principles or otherwise; (vi) higher than expected costs or other difficulties related to integration of combined or merged businesses; (vii) the effects of business combinations and other acquisition transactions, including the inability to realize our loan and investment portfolios; (viii) changes in the quality or composition of our loan and investment portfolios; (ix) adequacy of loan loss reserves; (x) increased competition; (xi) loss of certain key officers; (xii) deposit attrition; (xiii) rapidly changing technology; (xiv) unanticipated regulatory or judicial proceedings and liabilities and other costs; (xv) changes in the cost or sources of funds, demand for loan and deposit products or demand for financial services; and (xvi) other economic, competitive, governmental or technological factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services and prices. Such developments could have an adverse impact on CNB's financial position and results of operations. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained herein are based upon management s beliefs and assumptions. Any forward-looking statement made herein speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. CNB undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed might not occur and you should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Corporation is a financial holding company registered under the BHC Act. It was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1983 for the purpose of engaging in the business of a financial holding company. The Corporation s subsidiary, the Bank, provides financial services to individuals and businesses primarily within its primary market area of the Pennsylvania counties of Blair, Cambria, Cameron, Centre, Clearfield, Crawford, Elk, Indiana, Jefferson and McKean. ERIEBANK, a division of the Bank, operates in the Pennsylvania counties of Crawford, Erie and Warren and in the Ohio counties of Ashtabula, Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake and Lorain. FCBank, a division of the Bank, operates in the Ohio counties of Crawford, Delaware, Franklin, Knox, Marion, Morrow and Richland. BankOnBuffalo, a division of the Bank, operates in the New York counties of Erie and Niagara. Ridge View Bank, a division of the Bank, operates in Southwest, Virginia. Impressia Bank, a division of the Bank, will operate in the Bank s primary market areas beginning in the first quarter of 2023. Although the Corporation s strategies, through its Bank subsidiary, are executed based on the divisions discussed above, the Bank is a single Pennsylvania-chartered bank whereby all divisions of the Bank conduct their business on a doing business as basis. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the Bank, the Corporation has four other subsidiaries. CNB Securities Corporation is incorporated in Delaware and currently maintains investments in debt and equity securities. CNB Insurance Agency, incorporated in Pennsylvania, provides for the sale of nonproprietary annuities and other insurance products. CNB Risk Management, Inc., incorporated in Delaware, is a captive insurance company that insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today's insurance marketplace. Holiday, incorporated in Pennsylvania, offers small balance unsecured loans and secured loans, primarily collateralized by automobiles and equipment, to borrowers with higher risk characteristics. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 
 This report contains references to financial measures that are not defined in GAAP. Management uses non-GAAP financial information in its analysis of the Corporation s performance. Management believes that these non-GAAP measures provide a greater understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of results of operations with prior periods and show the effects of significant gains and charges in the periods presented. The Corporation s management believes that investors may use these non-GAAP measures to analyze the Corporation s financial performance without the impact of unusual items or events that may obscure trends in the Corporation s underlying performance. This non-GAAP data should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP, and is not a substitute for, or superior to, GAAP results. Limitations associated with non-GAAP financial measures include the risks that persons might disagree as to the appropriateness of items included in these measures and that different companies might calculate these measures differently. 
 
 Non-GAAP measures reflected within the discussion below include: 
 
 Tangible book value per common share; 
 Tangible common equity/tangible assets; 
 Adjusted allowance/loans receivable, net of Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") related loans; 
 Net interest margin (fully tax equivalent basis); 
 Efficiency ratio; 
 Pre-provision net revenue ("PPNR"); 
 Return on average tangible common equity; and 
 Non-interest income excluding realized gains on available-for-sale ("AFS") securities. 
 
 A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided below in the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" section. 
 
 Primary Factors Used To Evaluate Performance 
 
 Management considers return on average assets, return on average equity, return on average tangible common equity, earnings per common share, tangible book value per common share, asset quality, net interest margin, and other metrics as key measures of the financial performance of the Corporation. The interest rate environment will continue to play an important role in the future earnings of the Corporation. To address the challenging interest rate and competitive environments, the Corporation continues to evaluate, develop and implement strategies necessary to support its ongoing financial performance objectives and future growth goals. Additionally, management frequently evaluates the potential impact of economic and geopolitical events that may have an impact on the credit risk profile of its customers and develops proactive strategies to mitigate such potential impacts on the Corporation s loan portfolio. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 The following table presents ending balances, growth, and the percentage change of certain measures of our financial condition for specified years (dollars in millions): 
 
 2022 Balance 2021 Balance Change vs. prior year Change vs. prior year Total assets 5,475.2 5,328.9 146.2 2.7 Total loans, net of allowance for credit losses 4,231.7 3,597.2 634.5 17.6 Total securities 785.8 707.6 78.2 11.1 Total deposits 4,622.4 4,715.6 (93.2) (2.0) Total shareholders equity 530.8 442.8 87.9 19.9 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 106.3 million at December 31, 2022, including 43.4 million held at the Federal Reserve. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 732.2 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was due primarily to robust loan growth coupled with an increase in investment purchases, to position a portion of the excess liquidity into higher earning assets, and a decrease in deposits. The decrease in deposits was driven primarily by the impact of competitive pricing pressures due to the rapid increase in interest rates, as well as customers experiencing substantial increases in costs due to inflation. 
 
 Management believes the liquidity needs of the Corporation are satisfied primarily by the current balance of cash and cash equivalents, customer deposits, FHLB financing, other funding sources and the portions of the securities and loan portfolios that mature within one year. The Corporation expects that these sources of funds will enable it to meet cash obligations and off-balance sheet commitments as they come due. In addition to the above noted liquidity sources, the Corporation maintains access to the Federal Reserve discount window. 
 
 Securities 
 
 Securities AFS and equity securities totaled 381.0 million and 707.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the total balance of investments classified as held-to-maturity ("HTM") securities was 404.8 million. There were no investments classified as HTM at December 31, 2021. During 2022, as a result of the Corporation s asset/liability and capital management strategies, securities with a combined amortized cost of 220.8 million and a fair value of 213.7 million were transferred from AFS to HTM. These HTM portfolio bonds continue to support liquidity through pledging and can be utilized as collateral against borrowings. In addition to these internal portfolio transfers, some of the investment purchases made by the Corporation during 2022 were also classified as HTM securities. 
 
 The Corporation s objective is to maintain the investment securities portfolio at an appropriate level to balance the earnings and liquidity provided by the portfolio. Note 3, "Securities," in the consolidated financial statements provides more detail concerning the composition of the Corporation s investment securities portfolio and the process for evaluating securities for impairment. 
 
 The following table summarizes the maturity distribution schedule with corresponding weighted-average yields of securities AFS as of December 31, 2022. Weighted-average yields have been computed on a fully taxable-equivalent basis using a tax rate of 21 . Mortgage-backed securities are included in maturity categories based on their stated maturity date. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Within One Year After One But Within Five Years After Five But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Total Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield U.S. Government Sponsored Entities 1,236 3.03 1,893 1.76 3,129 2.26 State and Political Subdivisions 3,069 3.13 28,032 2.69 46,881 2.21 17,681 2.33 95,663 2.40 Residential and multi-family mortgage 8,690 2.96 27,454 2.27 181,403 1.58 217,547 1.72 Corporate notes and bonds 356 0.61 11,415 3.61 30,620 4.34 42,391 4.11 Pooled SBA 206 5.28 8,154 2.77 4,319 1.99 12,679 2.55 Total 4,661 2.91 50,236 2.92 113,109 2.84 203,403 1.65 371,409 2.20 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the maturity distribution schedule with corresponding weighted-average yields of securities HTM as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Within One Year After One But Within Five Years After Five But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Total Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield Amt. Yield U.S. Government Sponsored Entities 5,058 0.58 242,928 1.55 59,725 1.72 307,711 1.57 Residential and multi-family mortgage 3,841 2.78 2,499 3.34 90,714 2.82 97,054 2.83 Total 5,058 0.58 246,769 1.57 62,224 1.79 90,714 2.82 404,765 1.87 
 
 The following table summarizes the weighted average modified duration of securities AFS as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Weighted Average Modified Duration (in Years) U.S. Government Sponsored Entities 1.06 State and Political Subdivisions 6.18 Residential and multi-family mortgage 5.76 Corporate notes and bonds 5.02 Pooled SBA 2.97 Total 5.65 
 
 The following table summarizes the weighted average modified duration of securities HTM as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Weighted Average Modified Duration (in Years) U.S. Government Sponsored Entities 3.44 Residential and multi-family mortgage 5.13 Total 3.85 
 
 The portfolio contains no holdings of a single issuer that exceeds 10 of shareholders equity other than U.S. government sponsored entities. 
 
 The Corporation generally purchases debt securities over time and does not attempt to "time" its transactions, which allows for more efficient management of fluctuations in the interest rate environment. The Corporation's strategy given the current environment is to focus on lower risk securities and shorter durations that complement the current portfolio investment ladder, coupled with consistent reinvestment of cash flows to replace lower earning assets. 
 
 The Corporation monitors the earnings performance and the effectiveness of the liquidity of the securities portfolio on a regular basis through meetings of the Asset/Liability Committee ("ALCO"). The ALCO also reviews and manages interest rate risk for the Corporation. Through active balance sheet management and analysis of the securities portfolio, a sufficient level of liquidity is maintained to satisfy depositor requirements and various credit needs of our customers. 
 
 Loans Receivable 
 
 Note 4, "Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses," in the consolidated financial statements provides more detail concerning the loan portfolio of the Corporation. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, loans, excluding the impact of (i) syndicated loans, and (ii) PPP loans, net of PPP-related fees (such loans being referred to as the "PPP-related loans"), totaled 4.1 billion, representing an increase of 654.5 million, or 18.9 , from December 31, 2021. This favorable loan growth, which was experienced across the Corporation's footprint, continued to reflect the Corporation's ongoing expansion in the Cleveland and Southwest Virginia regions, as well as new opportunities from its new loan production office in Rochester, New York, combined with growth in the portfolio related to its Private Banking division. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation's balance sheet reflected an increase in syndicated lending balances of 30.9 million compared to December 31, 2021. The syndicated loan portfolio totaled 156.6 million, or 3.7 of total loans, excluding PPP-related loans, at December 31, 2022, compared to 125.8 million, or 3.5 of total loans, excluding PPP-related loans, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loan Origination/Risk Management 
 
 The Corporation has certain lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and nonperforming and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions. The Corporation has not underwritten any hybrid loans, payment option loans, or low documentation/no documentation loans. Variable rate loans are generally underwritten at the fully indexed rate. Loan underwriting policies and procedures have not changed materially between any periods presented. As discussed more fully above, syndicated loan purchases are underwritten utilizing the same process as the Corporation s originated loans. 
 
 The Corporation has begun to explore the credit and reputational risks associated with climate change and their potential impact on the foregoing, while closely monitoring regulatory developments on climate risk. This includes, among other things, researching and developing a formalized approach to considering climate change related risks in the Corporation's underwriting processes. This approach will be impacted, in part, by the accessibility and reliability of both customer climate risk data and climate risk data in general. One of the objectives of these efforts is to enable the Corporation to better understand the climate change related risks associated with the Corporation's customers' business activities and to be able to monitor their response to those risks and their ultimate impact on the Corporation's customers. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans Receivable to Changes in Interest Rate 
 
 The following table presents the maturity distribution of the Corporation's loans receivable at December 31, 2022. The table also presents the portion of loans receivable that have fixed interest rates or variable interest rates that fluctuate over the life of the loans in accordance with changes in an interest rate index. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Due in One Year or Less After One, but Within Five Years After Five but Within Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Loans Receivable with Fixed Interest Rate Farmland 
 2,258 8,110 10,368 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 5,821 21,134 14,394 5,043 46,392 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 8 280 288 Commercial and Industrial 
 18,633 233,379 86,071 175 338,258 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 7,732 8,784 62,426 30,619 109,561 Other loans 
 5 659 579 12,331 13,574 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans (1) 
 32,969 39,385 13,856 1,317 87,527 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 925 54,416 4,232 4,580 64,153 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 13,647 63,163 58,292 1,316 136,418 1-4 Family Construction (1) 
 932 518 690 3,875 6,015 Home equity lines of credit 180 75 600 412 1,267 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 4,253 27,774 247,189 127,414 406,630 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 190 7,951 49,616 10,989 68,746 Other revolving credit plans 7 9 15 3 34 Automobile 415 15,279 6,106 21,800 Other consumer 3,571 35,047 7,736 2,618 48,972 Credit cards Overdrafts Total 89,288 510,111 559,912 200,692 1,360,003 Loans Receivable with Variable or Floating Interest Rate Farmland 
 555 2,936 9,711 8,598 21,800 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 27,944 47,753 286,668 59,736 422,101 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 668 71 171 910 Commercial and Industrial 
 227,253 136,938 87,093 2,369 453,653 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 4,189 9,323 22,272 35,784 Other loans 
 2,329 2,550 1,350 4,907 11,136 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans (1) 
 80,439 130,120 133,697 14,902 359,158 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 24,099 24,630 134,085 10,729 193,543 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 89,170 172,890 329,264 67,573 658,897 1-4 Family Construction (1) 
 4,428 13,812 5,461 21,455 45,156 Home equity lines of credit 4,844 8,238 63,540 47,003 123,625 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 6,304 17,077 157,565 354,955 535,901 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 1,587 310 3,666 329 5,892 Other revolving credit plans 3,643 3,051 28,796 848 36,338 Automobile 6 6 Other consumer 1 32 58 81 172 Credit cards 10,825 10,825 Overdrafts 278 278 Total 484,367 564,603 1,250,448 615,757 2,915,175 1 1-4 family construction loans and other construction loans and all land development and other land loans segments may include loans that have a permanent financing period as part of the original term of the loan. Upon completion of the construction period the loans are reclassified to their permanent financing loan segment. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Loan Concentration 
 
 At December 31, 2022, no industry concentration existed which exceeded 10 of the total loan portfolio. 
 
 Loan Quality 
 
 The following table presents information concerning the loan portfolio delinquency and other nonperforming assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Nonaccrual loans 20,986 19,420 Accrual loans greater than 90 days past due 1,121 168 Total nonperforming loans 22,107 19,588 Other real estate owned 1,439 707 Total nonperforming assets 23,546 20,295 Loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring ("TDR"): Performing TDR loans 6,006 9,006 Nonperforming TDR loans (1) 
 6,377 7,600 Total TDR loans 12,383 16,606 Total loans 4,275,178 3,634,792 Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of loans 0.49 0.53 Total assets 5,475,179 5,328,939 Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets 0.43 0.38 Allowance for credit losses on loans 43,436 37,588 Allowance for credit losses / Total loans 1.02 1.03 Ratio of allowance for credit losses on loans to nonaccrual loans 206.98 193.55 
 (1) Nonperforming TDR loans are also included in the balance of nonaccrual loans. 
 
 Total nonperforming assets were 23.5 million, or 0.43 of total assets, as of December 31, 2022, compared to 20.3 million, or 0.38 of total assets, as of December 31, 2021. In addition, the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans was 207.0 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 193.6 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Corporation has established written lending policies and procedures that require underwriting standards, loan documentation, and credit analysis standards to be met prior to funding a loan. Subsequent to the funding of a loan, ongoing review of credits is required. Credit reviews are performed quarterly by an outsourced loan review firm and cover approximately 65 of the commercial loan portfolio on an annual basis. In addition, the external independent loan review firm reviews past due loans and all classified assets and nonaccrual loans annually. 
 
 Potential problem loans consist of loans that are performing in accordance with contractual terms but for which management has concerns about the ability of a borrower to continue to comply with contractual repayment terms because of the borrower s potential operating or financial difficulties. Management monitors these "watchlist" loans monthly to determine potential losses within the commercial loan portfolio. The "watchlist" is comprised of all credits risk rated special mention, substandard and doubtful. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The amount of each allowance for credit losses account represents management's best estimate of current expected credit losses on these financial instruments considering available information, from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. Relevant available information includes historical credit loss experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. While historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses, adjustments to historical loss information may be made for differences in current portfolio-specific risk characteristics, environmental conditions or other relevant internal and external factors. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the Corporation's allowance for credit losses account is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond the Corporation's control, including the performance of the Corporation's loan portfolios, the economy, changes in interest rates and the view of the regulatory authorities toward classification of assets. The adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is subject to a formal analysis by the Credit Administration and Finance Departments of the Corporation. For additional information regarding the Corporation's accounting policies related to credit losses, refer to Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and Note 4, "Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses" in these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The table below provides an allocation of the allowance for credit losses on loans by loan portfolio segment at December 31, 2022 and 2021; however, allocation of a portion of the allowance to one segment does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other segments. 
 
 December 31, 2022 Amount of Allowance Allocated Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Total Loans Ratio of Allowance Allocated to Loans in Each Category Farmland 
 159 0.8 32,168 0.49 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 2,905 11.0 468,493 0.62 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 6 1,198 0.50 Commercial and Industrial 1 
 9,766 18.5 791,911 1.23 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 1,863 3.4 145,345 1.28 Other loans 
 456 0.6 24,710 1.85 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans 3,253 10.5 446,685 0.73 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 2,353 6.0 257,696 0.91 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 7,653 18.6 795,315 0.96 1-4 Family Construction 327 1.2 51,171 0.64 Home equity lines of credit 1,173 2.9 124,892 0.94 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 8,484 22.0 942,531 0.90 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 1,035 1.7 74,638 1.39 Other revolving credit plans 722 0.9 36,372 1.99 Automobile 271 0.5 21,806 1.24 Other consumer 2,665 1.1 49,144 5.42 Credit cards 67 0.3 10,825 0.62 Overdrafts 278 278 100.00 Total loans 43,436 100.0 4,275,178 1.02 Excluding PPP loans, net of deferred processing fees 43,436 4,275,019 1.02 1 PPP loans, net of deferred PPP processing fees, those disbursed in 2021, are included in the Commercial and Industrial classification. 

32 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2021 Amount of Allowance Allocated Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Total Loans Ratio of Allowance Allocated to Loans in Each Category Farmland 
 151 0.7 23,768 0.64 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 3,339 12.0 434,672 0.77 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 9 1,379 0.65 Commercial and Industrial 1 
 8,837 19.5 708,989 1.25 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 1,649 3.9 140,887 1.17 Other loans 
 149 0.4 13,979 1.07 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans 2,198 8.2 298,869 0.74 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 2,289 5.9 216,143 1.06 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 6,481 18.2 663,062 0.98 1-4 Family Construction 158 1.0 37,822 0.42 Home equity lines of credit 1,169 2.9 104,517 1.12 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 6,943 22.7 826,729 0.84 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 546 1.6 56,689 0.96 Other revolving credit plans 528 0.7 26,536 1.99 Automobile 263 0.6 20,862 1.26 Other consumer 2,546 1.4 49,676 5.13 Credit cards 92 0.3 9,935 0.93 Overdrafts 241 278 86.69 Total loans 37,588 100.0 3,634,792 1.03 Excluding PPP loans, net of deferred processing fees 37,588 3,589,589 1.05 1 PPP loans, net of deferred PPP processing fees, disbursed in 2021 and 2020 are included in the Commercial and Industrial classification. 

The allowance for credit losses measured as a percentage of total loans was 1.02 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.03 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Corporation's allowance for credit losses is influenced by loan volumes, risk rating migration, delinquency status and other internal and external conditions influencing loss expectations, such as reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions and other external factors. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses increased due to the growth in the Corporation's loan portfolio, including growth in new market areas. This was partially offset by improvements in the Corporation's historical loss rates, as well as the impact of net charge-offs. There is still a significant amount of uncertainty related to the domestic and global economy, continued supply chain challenges, persistent inflation and the COVID-19 pandemic. Management will continue to proactively evaluate its estimate of expected credit losses as new information becomes available. 
 
 Note 4, "Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses," to the consolidated financial statements provides further disclosure of loan balances by portfolio segment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as the nature and scope of loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring during 2022 and 2021 and the related effect on provision for credit expense and allowance for credit losses. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Additional information related to credit loss expense and net (charge-offs) recoveries at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented in the tables below. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Provision (Benefit) for Credit Losses on Loans Receivable (1) 
 Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries Average Loans Receivable Ratio of Annualized Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries to Average Loans Receivable Farmland 
 8 32,075 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 (428) (6) 467,606 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 (3) 1,254 Commercial and Industrial 
 965 (36) 762,585 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 214 149,253 Other loans 
 307 16,861 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans 1,055 334,450 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 64 227,715 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 1,171 1 697,930 1-4 Family Construction 169 41,849 Home equity lines of credit (8) 12 115,682 0.01 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 1,564 (23) 874,675 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 489 63,362 Other revolving credit plans 236 (42) 29,398 (0.14) Automobile 34 (26) 20,677 (0.13) Other consumer 1,653 (1,534) 50,196 (3.06) Credit cards 36 (61) 11,872 (0.51) Overdrafts 460 (423) 282 (150.00) Total 7,986 (2,138) 3,897,722 (0.05) 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses totaling 603 thousand, related to unfunded commitments. Note 20, "Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies," in the consolidated financial statements provides more detail concerning the provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments of the Corporation. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Provision (Benefit) for Credit Losses on Loans Receivable (1) 
 Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries Average Loans Receivable Ratio of Annualized Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries to Average Loans Receivable Farmland 
 (70) 22,970 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 213 (574) 428,377 (0.13) Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 (15) 2,245 Commercial and Industrial 
 2,564 40 680,368 0.01 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 1,028 (377) 138,604 (0.27) Other loans 
 81 12,187 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans 524 (282) 246,583 (0.11) Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 (435) 218,285 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 (2,128) (49) 627,595 (0.01) 1-4 Family Construction 76 30,513 Home equity lines of credit 186 (2) 106,214 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 2,436 (32) 795,747 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 308 (3) 55,063 (0.01) Other revolving credit plans 49 (28) 25,751 (0.11) Automobile 154 (23) 23,027 (0.10) Other consumer 637 (1,053) 42,634 (2.47) Credit cards 120 (94) 9,532 (0.99) Overdrafts 275 (278) 224 (124.11) Total 6,003 (2,755) 3,465,919 (0.08) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Provision (Benefit) for Credit Loss Expense Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries Average Loans Ratio of Annualized Net (Charge-Offs) Recoveries to Average Loans Farmland 
 (30) 27,359 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 2,031 (49) 396,881 (0.01) Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 (6) 3,185 Commercial and Industrial 
 5,283 (2,740) 644,793 (0.42) Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 207 147,851 Other loans 
 19 10,546 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans (1,504) 125 191,984 0.07 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 1,301 184,980 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 3,266 (1,470) 532,088 (0.28) 1-4 Family Construction 61 24,893 Home equity lines of credit 367 (5) 103,723 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 2,366 (220) 691,294 (0.03) Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 148 (156) 55,018 (0.28) Other revolving credit plans (51) (116) 27,102 (0.43) Automobile 99 (27) 26,419 (0.10) Other consumer 1,364 (1,383) 38,679 (3.58) Credit cards 179 (139) 8,126 (1.71) Overdrafts 254 (250) 250 (100.00) Total loans 15,354 (6,430) 3,115,171 (0.21) 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation recorded a provision for credit losses of 8.6 million, as compared to a provision for credit losses of 6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Included in the provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 603 thousand expense related to the allowance for unfunded commitments compared to no accrual towards the allowance for unfunded commitments for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net charge-offs during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.1 million, compared to net charge-offs of 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 2.6 million in provision for credit losses, from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to loan growth, the impact of net charge-offs and the provision for credit losses recorded in 2022, related to the allowance for unfunded commitments. 
 
 Premises and Equipment 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation invested 12.3 million and 6.5 million, respectively, in its physical infrastructure through the purchase of land, buildings, and equipment. 
 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 
 The Corporation has periodically purchased Bank Owned Life Insurance ("BOLI"). The policies cover executive officers and a select group of other employees with the Bank being named as beneficiary. Earnings from BOLI assist the Corporation in offsetting its benefit costs. The Corporation made 11.6 million in purchases of BOLI during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, while the Corporation made 22.0 million purchases of BOLI during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Funding Sources 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The Corporation s sources of funds are deposits, borrowings, amortization and repayment of loan principal, interest earned on or maturation of investment securities and funds provided from operations. The Corporation considers deposits to be its primary source of funding in support of growth in assets. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percentage change 2022 vs. 2021 Demand, Non interest bearing 898,437 792,086 13.4 Demand, Interest bearing 1,007,202 1,079,336 (6.7) Savings deposits 2,270,337 2,457,745 (7.6) Time deposits 446,461 386,452 15.5 Total 4,622,437 4,715,619 (2.0) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total deposits were 4.6 billion, reflecting a decrease of 93.2 million, or 2.0 , from December 31, 2021. During the same timeframe, while non interest-bearing deposits increased approximately 106.4 million, or 13.4 , total interest-bearing deposits decreased approximately 199.5 million, or 5.1 , from December 31, 2021. The decrease in deposits was driven primarily by the impact of competitive pricing pressures due to the rapid increase in interest rates, as well as customers experiencing substantial increases in costs due to inflation. 
 
 The following table sets forth the average balances of and the average rates paid on deposits for the period indicated. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Amount Annual Rate Average Amount Annual Rate Average Amount Annual Rate Demand Non-Interest Bearing 847,793 724,839 516,724 Demand Interest Bearing 1,061,452 0.20 978,279 0.18 755,200 0.24 Savings Deposits 2,383,918 0.54 2,309,560 0.22 1,923,214 0.66 Time Deposits 351,272 1.40 445,488 1.82 445,408 2.15 Total 4,644,435 4,458,166 3,640,546 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents additional information about our December 31, 2022 and 2021 deposits: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Time deposits not covered by deposit insurance 69,874 68,562 Total deposits not covered by deposit insurance 1,864,886 1,711,676 
 
 Scheduled maturities of time deposits not covered by deposit insurance at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 
 December 31, 2022 3 months or less 7,938 Over 3 through 6 months 628 Over 6 through 12 months 44,787 Over 12 months 16,521 Total 69,874 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 Periodically, the Corporation utilizes term borrowings from the FHLB and other lenders to meet funding obligations or match fund certain loan assets. The terms of these borrowings are detailed in Note 12, "Borrowings," to the consolidated financial statements. There were 132.4 million in short-term FHLB borrowings as of December 31, 2022, compared to zero at December 31, 2021. 
 
 On October 18, 2021, the Corporation announced that it had completed the redemption of 50 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due October 15, 2026 (the "2026 Notes"), representing all outstanding 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes were redeemed pursuant to their terms at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, October 15, 2021. The Corporation financed the redemption of the 2026 Notes with cash on hand, including net proceeds from the issuance and sale of 85.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Corporation s 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031 completed in June 2021. Additional details about our subordinated debentures and notes are included in Note 12, "Borrowings" in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity measures an organization s ability to meet its cash obligations as they come due. The liquidity of a financial institution reflects its ability to meet loan requests, to accommodate possible outflows in deposits and to take advantage of interest rate market opportunities. The ability of a financial institution to meet its current financial obligations is a function of its balance sheet structure, its ability to liquidate assets and its access to alternative sources of funds. 
 
 The Corporation s expected material cash requirements for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and thereafter consist of withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, shareholder dividends, share repurchases, operating expenses and capital expenditures. The Corporation expects to satisfy these short-term and long-term cash requirements through deposit growth, principal and interest payments from loans and investment securities, maturing loans and investment securities, as well as wholesale funding sources maintained by the Corporation. 
 
 The objective of the Corporation's liquidity management is to manage cash flow and liquidity reserves so that they are adequate to fund the Corporation's operations and to meet cash obligations and other commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. The Corporation seeks to achieve this objective and ensure that funding needs are met by maintaining an appropriate level of liquid funds through asset/liability management, which includes managing the mix and time to maturity of financial assets and financial liabilities on its balance sheet. The Corporation's liquidity position is enhanced by its ability to raise additional funds as needed in the wholesale markets. 
 
 Asset liquidity is provided by liquid assets which are readily marketable or pledgeable or which will mature in the near future. Liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in banks, including the Federal Reserve, and securities AFS. Liability liquidity is provided by access to funding sources which include core deposits, correspondent banks and other wholesale funding sources. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

The Corporation's liquidity position is continuously monitored and adjustments are made to the balance between sources and uses of funds, as deemed appropriate. Liquidity risk management is an important element in the Corporation's asset/liability management process. The Corporation regularly models liquidity stress scenarios to assess potential liquidity outflows or potential funding shortfalls resulting from economic disruptions, volatility in the financial markets, unexpected credit events or other significant occurrences deemed problematic by management. These scenarios are incorporated into the Corporation's contingency funding plan, which provides the basis for the identification of its liquidity needs. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation s cash and cash equivalents position was approximately 106.3 million, including liquidity of 43.4 million held at the Federal Reserve. The Corporation also has the ability to borrow funds as a member of the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, based upon available, pledgeable collateral, the Corporation's total borrowing capacity with the FHLB was approximately 757.8 million. Furthermore, at December 31, 2022, the Corporation had approximately 177.0 million in securities that were unencumbered by a pledge and could be used to support additional borrowings through the Federal Reserve discount window, as needed. As of December 31, 2022, management is not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's liquidity, capital resources or operations. In addition, management is not aware of any regulatory recommendations regarding liquidity that would have a material adverse effect on the Corporation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business the Corporation has entered into contractual obligations and have made other commitments to make future payments. Refer to the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for the expected timing of such payments as of December 31, 2022. The Corporation s material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 consist of (i) long-term borrowings - Note 12, "Borrowings," (ii) operating leases - Note 9, "Leases," (iii) time deposits with stated maturity dates - Note 11, "Deposits," and (iv) commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit - Note 20, "Off-Balance Sheet Activities." 
 
 Shareholders Equity, Capital Ratios and Metrics 
 
 Shareholders' Equity 
 
 On September 21, 2022, the Corporation successfully completed a common stock offering resulting in the issuance of 4,257,446 shares of common stock at 23.50 per share and net proceeds of 94.1 million after the deducting the underwriting discount and customary offering expenses. The net proceeds from the capital raise will be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and funding the Corporation's organic growth across its multiple geographic markets, or evaluating potential acquisition opportunities. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s total shareholders equity was 530.8 million, representing an increase of 87.9 million, or 19.9 , from December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the 94.1 million increase in additional paid in capital as a result of the Corporation's common stock offering described above coupled with 63.2 million from the Corporation's earnings for the year ended 2022, partially offset by approximately 16.9 million in both, common dividends and preferred dividends, as well as an increase of 51.7 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss, resulting primarily from the temporary unrealized reduction in the value on the AFS investment portfolio during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Corporation raised 57.8 million, net of issuance costs, from the issuance of depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of the Corporation's 7.125 Series A fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, no par value, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share of preferred stock. The 57.8 million qualifies as Tier 1 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 
 Capital Ratios and Metrics 
 
 The Corporation has complied with the standards of capital adequacy mandated by government regulations. Bank regulators have established "risk-based" capital requirements designed to measure capital adequacy. Risk-based capital ratios reflect the relative risks of various assets banks hold in their portfolios. A weight category (0 for the lowest risk assets and increasing for each tier of higher risk assets) is assigned to each asset on the balance sheet. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 all of the Corporation's capital ratios exceeded regulatory "well-capitalized" levels. The Corporation s capital ratios and book value per common share at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total risk-based capital ratio 16.08 14.92 Tier 1 capital ratio 13.24 11.79 Common equity tier 1 ratio 11.42 9.65 Leverage ratio 10.74 8.22 Tangible common equity/tangible assets (1) 
 7.90 6.45 Book value per common share 22.39 22.85 Tangible book value per common share (1) 
 20.30 20.22 
 (1) Tangible common equity, tangible assets and tangible book value per common share are non-GAAP financial measures calculated using GAAP amounts. Tangible common equity is calculated by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets and preferred equity from the calculation of shareholders equity. Tangible assets is calculated by excluding the balance of goodwill and other intangible assets from the calculation of total assets. Tangible book value per common share is calculated by dividing tangible common equity by the number of shares outstanding. The Corporation believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide information to investors that is useful in understanding its financial condition. Because not all companies use the same calculation of tangible common equity and tangible assets, this presentation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures calculated by other companies. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Interest Rates and Yields 
 
 The loan categories used to monitor and analyze interest income and yields are different than the portfolio segments used to determine the allowance for credit losses for loans. The allowance for credit losses was calculated by pooling loans of similar credit risk characteristics and credit monitoring procedures. See Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," and Note 4, "Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses," for more information about pooling of loans for the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 The following table presents average balances of certain measures of our financial condition and net interest margin for the specified years. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Average Balance Annual Rate Interest Inc./ Exp. Average Balance Annual Rate Interest Inc./ Exp. Average Balance Annual Rate Interest Inc./ Exp. ASSETS: Securities: Taxable (1) (4) 
 768,959 1.80 14,560 624,330 1.70 10,500 505,770 2.35 11,510 Tax-exempt (1) (2) (4) 
 35,965 2.87 1,080 42,658 3.43 1,403 55,460 3.32 1,772 Equity securities (1) (2) 
 8,248 2.13 176 8,136 3.58 291 12,814 5.89 755 Total securities (4) 
 813,172 1.85 15,816 675,124 1.83 12,194 574,044 2.53 14,037 Loans receivable: Commercial (2) (3) 
 1,429,634 5.08 72,684 1,284,750 4.95 63,642 1,230,615 4.80 59,016 Mortgage (2) (3) (5) 
 2,355,662 4.78 112,583 2,080,000 4.51 93,738 1,783,980 4.76 84,857 Consumer (3) 
 112,426 10.48 11,778 101,169 9.98 10,098 100,576 9.71 9,766 Total loans receivable (3) 
 3,897,722 5.06 197,045 3,465,919 4.83 167,478 3,115,171 4.93 153,639 Other earning assets 243,653 1.16 2,112 626,997 0.14 881 402,861 0.21 852 Total earning assets 4,954,547 4.30 214,973 4,768,040 3.79 180,553 4,092,076 4.14 168,528 Noninterest-bearing assets: Cash and due from banks 51,670 48,673 42,001 Premises and equipment 89,940 79,807 75,516 Other assets 227,991 199,107 166,511 Allowance for credit losses (39,935) (36,727) (28,962) Total noninterest-bearing assets 329,666 290,860 255,066 TOTAL ASSETS 5,284,213 5,058,900 4,347,142 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: Demand interest-bearing 1,061,452 0.20 2,131 978,279 0.18 1,783 755,200 0.24 1,781 Savings 2,383,918 0.54 12,772 2,309,560 0.22 5,164 1,923,214 0.66 12,775 Time 351,272 1.40 4,930 445,488 1.82 8,115 445,408 2.15 9,586 Total interest-bearing deposits 3,796,642 0.52 19,833 3,733,327 0.40 15,062 3,123,822 0.77 24,142 Short-term borrowings 8,793 4.20 369 Long-term borrowings 220,849 2.04 4,507 Finance lease liabilities 426 4.69 20 507 4.54 23 587 4.60 27 Subordinated notes and debentures 104,432 3.69 3,857 108,963 4.35 4,735 70,620 5.35 3,780 Total interest-bearing liabilities 3,910,293 0.62 24,079 3,842,797 0.52 19,820 3,415,878 0.95 32,456 Demand noninterest-bearing 847,793 724,839 516,724 Other liabilities 70,379 60,202 56,377 Total liabilities 4,828,465 4,627,838 3,988,979 Shareholders equity 455,748 431,062 358,163 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 5,284,213 5,058,900 4,347,142 Interest income/Earning assets 4.30 214,973 3.79 180,553 4.14 168,528 Interest expense/Interest-bearing liabilities 0.62 24,079 0.52 19,820 0.95 32,456 Net interest spread 3.68 190,894 3.27 160,733 3.19 136,072 Interest income/Earning assets 4.30 214,973 3.79 180,553 4.14 168,528 Interest expense/Earning assets 0.48 24,079 0.41 19,820 0.80 32,456 Net interest margin (fully tax-equivalent) 3.82 190,894 3.38 160,733 3.34 136,072 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 (1) Includes unamortized discounts and premiums. 
 (2) Average yields are stated on a fully taxable equivalent basis (calculated using statutory rates of 21 resulting from tax-free municipal securities in the investment portfolio and tax-free municipal loans in the commercial loan portfolio. The taxable equivalent adjustment to net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 1.2 million, 953 thousand and 1.4 million, respectively. 
 (3) Average loans receivable outstanding includes the average balance outstanding of all nonaccrual loans. Loans receivable consist of the average of total loans receivable less average unearned income. In addition, loans receivable interest income consists of loans receivable fees, including PPP deferred processing fees. 
 (4) Average balance is computed using the fair value of AFS securities and amortized cost of HTM securities. Average yield has been computed using amortized cost average balance for AFS and HTM securities. The adjustment to the average balance for securities in the calculation of average yield for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were (40.3) million, 9.9 million and 18.9 million, respectively. 
 (5) Includes loans held for sale. 
 
 Volume Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 
 
 The following table presents the change in net interest income for the years specified. 
 
 Net Interest Income Rate-Volume Variance For Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 over (under) 2021 Due to Change In (1) 
 For Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 over (under) 2020 Due to Change In (1) 
 Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Assets Securities: Taxable 3,291 769 4,060 2,278 (3,288) (1,010) Tax-Exempt (2) 
 (122) (201) (323) (430) 61 (369) Equity Securities (2) 
 5 (120) (115) (168) (296) (464) Total Securities 3,174 448 3,622 1,680 (3,523) (1,843) Loans: Commercial (2) 
 7,183 1,859 9,042 2,780 1,846 4,626 Mortgage (2) 
 12,485 6,360 18,845 13,341 (4,460) 8,881 Consumer 1,118 562 1,680 60 272 332 Total Loans 20,786 8,781 29,567 16,181 (2,342) 13,839 Other Earning Assets (1,254) 2,485 1,231 311 (282) 29 Total Earning Assets 22,706 11,714 34,420 18,172 (6,147) 12,025 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest Bearing Deposits Demand Interest Bearing 152 196 348 407 (405) 2 Savings 166 7,442 7,608 864 (8,475) (7,611) Time (1,716) (1,469) (3,185) 1 (1,472) (1,471) Total Interest Bearing Deposits (1,398) 6,169 4,771 1,272 (10,352) (9,080) Short-Term Borrowings 369 369 Long-Term Borrowings (4,507) (4,507) Finance Lease Liabilities (4) 1 (3) (4) (4) Subordinated Debentures (197) (681) (878) 1,666 (711) 955 Total Interest Bearing Liabilities (1,599) 5,858 4,259 2,934 (15,570) (12,636) Change in Net Interest Income 24,305 5,856 30,161 15,238 9,423 24,661 
 (1) The change in interest due to both volume and rate have been allocated entirely to volume changes. 
 (2) Changes in interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, using the Corporation s marginal federal income tax rate of 21 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Overview of the Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders ("earnings") was 58.9 million, or 3.26 per diluted share, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 53.4 million, or 3.16 per diluted share, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, reflecting increases of 5.5 million, or 10.3 , and 0.10 per diluted share, or 3.2 . The 2022 full-year earnings per share was partially impacted by the effect of the Corporation's common stock offering completed in September of 2022, resulting in the issuance of 4,257,446 shares of common stock at 23.50 per share and net proceeds of 94.1 million after deducting the underwriting discount and customary offering expenses. PPNR, a non-GAAP measure, was 86.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 76.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase of 10.0 million, or 13.1 . The increase in PPNR for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by growth in loans and expansion of the Corporation's net interest margin. 
 
 Return on average equity was 13.86 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13.39 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Return on average tangible common equity, a non-GAAP measure, was 16.64 and 16.23 for the same periods in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Corporation's efficiency ratio was 61.32 and 61.87 for the twelve and three months ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 60.26 and 63.68 for the twelve and three months ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The efficiency ratio on a fully tax-equivalent basis, a non-GAAP ratio, was 60.87 and 61.40 for the twelve and three months ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 59.76 and 63.19 for the twelve and three months ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was primarily a result of expected increasing costs associated with the Corporation s expanding franchise investments into the Cleveland and Southwest Virginia markets, coupled with its continued strategic investments in technologies focused on customer sales management and connectivity capabilities. . 
 
 Interest Income and Expense 
 
 Net interest income of 189.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 29.9 million, or 18.7 , from the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of loan growth throughout 2022 and the benefits of the impact of rising interest rates in 2022 resulting in greater income on variable-rate loans, coupled with net growth in the Corporation's investment portfolio. Included in net interest income were PPP-related fees, which totaled approximately 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net interest margin was 3.83 and 3.35 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure, was 3.82 and 3.38 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The yield on earning assets of 4.30 for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 51 basis points from 3.79 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of loan growth, the repricing of variable rate loans, and the Corporation's redeployment of excess cash at the Federal Reserve to investment securities, partially offset by lower PPP-related fees in 2022 compared to 2021. The cost of interesting-bearing liabilities increased 10 basis points from 0.52 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.62 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of the Corporation's targeted interest-bearing deposit rate increases. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The Corporation recorded a provision for credit losses of 8.6 million in 2022 compared to 6.0 million in 2021. Included in the provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 603 thousand expense related to the allowance for unfunded commitments compared to no accrual towards the allowance for unfunded commitments for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loan charge-offs were 2.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. As disclosed in "Allowance for Credit Losses" discussion above, management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and other significant qualitative and quantitative factors. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Management believes the charges to the provision for credit losses in 2022 were appropriate and the allowance for credit losses was adequate to absorb losses in the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 
 Total non-interest income was 34.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 1.3 million, or 4.0 , from the same period in 2021. Included in non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 651 thousand and 783 thousand, respectively, in net realized gains on AFS securities. Non-interest income excluding net realized gains on AFS securities, a non-GAAP measure, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, increased 1.5 million, or 4.5 , from the same period in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Wealth and Asset Management fees increased 432 thousand, or 6.4 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as the Corporation benefited from an increased number of wealth management relationships. Other notable increases during the year ended December 31, 2022 included increased income from service charges on deposits, other service charges and fees, pass-through income from small business investment companies ("SBICs") and bank owned life insurance mostly due to an 883 thousand gain resulting from death benefit proceeds. These were partially offset by unrealized losses on equity securities and decreased mortgage banking activity. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total non-interest expense was 137.6 million, reflecting an increase of 21.2 million, or 18.2 , from the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of (i) expansion of the Corporation's workforce in its growth regions of Cleveland, Southwest Virginia, and Rochester, (ii) increased investments in technology aimed at enhancing both customer experience and expanding service delivery channels, and (iii) the Corporation's sales management and increased legal and professional expenses. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Overview of the Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 
 Earnings were 53.4 million, or 3.16 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 31.6 million, or 1.97 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2020, reflecting increases of 21.8 million, or 69.0 , and 1.19 per diluted share, or 60.4 . The primary drivers of the increase in net income were the growth in earning assets and PPP related fees. In addition, included in net income for the year ended December 31, 2020 was the after-tax impact of 10.2 million, or 0.63 per diluted share, in merger costs, FHLB prepayment penalties and branch closure costs. Partially offsetting were the growth in operating expenses to support the Corporation's growth, as well as a lower net interest margin as a result of the low interest rate environment. PPNR, a non-GAAP measure, was 76.8 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 55.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, reflecting an increase of 21.3 million, or 38.5 . Included in PPNR for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 12.6 million in merger costs, prepayment penalties and branch closure costs. 
 
 Return on average equity was 13.39 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 9.14 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Return on average tangible common equity, a non-GAAP measure, was 16.23 and 10.67 for the same periods in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding after-tax merger costs, FHLB prepayment penalties and branch closure costs, adjusted return on average equity and average tangible common equity were 11.98 and 14.10 for the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 As a measure of the Corporation s efficiency in management of its expenses, the efficiency ratio on a fully tax-equivalent basis, a non-GAAP ratio, was 59.76 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 65.10 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2020 included 12.6 million in merger costs, FHLB prepayment penalties and branch closure costs. 
 
 Interest Income and Expense 
 
 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 25.1 million, or 18.6 , to 159.8 million from the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of loan growth, various deposit pricing and liquidity strategies. Included in net interest income were PPP-related fees, which totaled approximately 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Net interest margin on a fully tax-equivalent basis, a non-GAAP measure, was 3.38 and 3.34 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The yield on earning assets of 3.79 for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased 35 basis points from 4.14 for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as a result of the lower interest rate environment and higher level of excess cash at the Federal Reserve, partially offset by higher PPP-related fees. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased 43 basis points from 0.95 for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 0.52 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of the Corporation s targeted deposit rate reductions and the prepayment of the Corporation's remaining FHLB borrowings, which were approximately 160 million at a weighted average interest rate of 2.24 , in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The Corporation recorded a provision for credit losses of 6.0 million in 2021 compared to 15.4 million in 2020. Net loan charge-offs were 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 6.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. As disclosed in "Allowance for Credit Losses" discussion above, management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, and other significant qualitative and quantitative factors. 
 
 Management believes the charges to the provision for credit losses in 2021 were appropriate and the allowance for credit losses was adequate to absorb losses in the loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Interest Income 
 
 Total non-interest income was 33.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 28.1 million from the same period in 2020, reflecting an increase of 5.4 million, or 19.2 . Included in non-interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were 783 thousand and 2.2 million, respectively, in net realized gains on AFS securities. Non-interest income excluding net realized gains on AFS securities, a non-GAAP measure, for the year ended December 31, 2021, increased 6.8 million, or 26.2 , from the same period in 2020. The increase was partially driven by growth in Wealth and Asset Management fees, as assets under management increased by 135.2 million, or 11.9 , from December 31, 2020, to 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. Other significant factors that contributed to the increase included income from investments in SBICs, card processing and interchange income and service charges on deposits from increased business activity as well as an increase in bank owned life insurance income. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, total non-interest expense was 116.4 million, reflecting an increase of 9.1 million, or 8.5 , from the year ended December 31, 2020. Included in non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 12.6 million in merger costs, prepayment penalties and branch closure costs. In addition, non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 included expenses related to hiring additional personnel in the Corporation's growth regions of Cleveland, Buffalo and Ridge View (Roanoke) as well as investments in technology aimed at enhancing customer experience. Also, included in the fourth quarter 2021 is approximately 2.3 million in additional personnel costs primarily from increased incentive compensation accruals and certain retirement benefit expenses. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense was 15.0 million in 2022, compared to 13.1 million in 2021 and 7.3 million in 2020. The effective tax rates were 19.2 , 18.5 , and 18.3 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rate for the periods differed from the federal statutory rate of 21.0 principally as a result of tax-exempt income from securities and loans as well as earnings from bank owned life insurance. Included in the 18.3 effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 were merger costs, FHLB prepayment penalties and branch closure costs, all of which reduced the effective tax rate. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Assets under management and assets under custody are held in fiduciary or custodial capacity for the Corporation's clients. In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, these assets are not included on the Corporation's balance sheet. 
 
 The Corporation is also party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of the Corporation's clients. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Further discussion of these commitments is included Note 20, "Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies." 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The Corporation's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. and follow general practices within the industries in which the Corporation operates. The most significant accounting policies used by the Corporation are presented in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the consolidated financial statements. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates or judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates or judgments. In management s opinion, some of these estimates and assumptions have a more significant impact than others on the Corporation's financial reporting. For the Corporation, these estimates and assumptions include accounting for the allowance for credit losses and goodwill. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Corporation's allowance for credit losses is a critical accounting policy that requires the most significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of its consolidated financial statements. In determining the appropriate estimate for the allowance for credit losses, management considers a number of factors relative to both individually evaluated credits in the loan portfolio and macro-economic factors relative to the economy of the U.S. as a whole and the economies of the areas in which the Corporation does business. 
 
 Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. Management considers a variety of factors in establishing this estimate. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates by management that may be susceptible to significant change based on changes in economic and real estate market conditions. 
 
 The evaluation is comprised of specific and pooled components. The specific component is the Corporation's evaluation of credit loss on individually evaluated loans based on the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs if collateral dependent or based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's initial effective interest rate if not collateral dependent. The majority of the Corporation's loans subject to individual evaluation are considered collateral dependent. All other loans are evaluated collectively for credit loss by pooling loans based on similar risk characteristics. 
 
 As a significant percentage of the Corporation's loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate, appraisals of the underlying value of property securing loans are critical in determining the charge-offs for specific loans. Assumptions are instrumental in determining the value of properties. Overly optimistic assumptions or negative changes to assumptions could significantly affect the valuation of a property securing a loan and the related allowance determined. Management carefully reviews the assumptions supporting such appraisals to determine that the resulting values reasonably reflect amounts realizable on the related loans. 
 
 The pooled component of the evaluation is determined by applying reasonable and supportable economic forecasts and historical averages to the remaining loans segmented by similar risk characteristics. The key assumptions used in projecting future loss rates include the economic forecast, the forecast and reversion to mean time periods, and prepayment and curtailment assumptions. The assumptions are used to calculate and aggregate estimated cash flows for the time period that remains in each loan's contractual life. The cash flows are discounted back to the balance sheet date using each loan's effective yield, to arrive at a present value of future cash flows, which is compared to the amortized cost basis of the loan pool to determine the amount of allowance for credit loss required by the calculation. 
 
 One of the most significant judgments used in projecting loss rates when estimating the allowance for credit loss is the macro-economic forecast provided by a third party. The economic indices sourced from the macro-economic forecast and used in projecting loss rates are national unemployment rate and changes in home values. The economic index used in the calculation to which the calculation is most sensitive is the national unemployment rate. Changes in the macro-economic forecast, especially for the national unemployment rate, could significantly impact the calculated estimated credit losses between reporting periods. 
 
 Other key assumptions in the calculation of the allowance for credit loss include the forecast and reversion to mean time periods and prepayment and curtailment assumptions. The macro-economic forecast is applied for a reasonable and supportable time period before reverting to long-term historical averages for each economic index. The forecast and reversion to mean time period used for each economic index at December 31, 2022 were four quarters and eight quarters, respectively. Prepayment and curtailment assumptions are based on the Corporation's historical experience over the trailing 12 months and are adjusted by management as deemed necessary. The prepayment and curtailment assumptions vary based on segment. 
 
 The quantitative estimated losses are supplemented by more qualitative factors that impact potential losses. Qualitative factors include changes in underwriting standards, changes in environmental conditions, delinquency level, segment growth rates and changes in duration within new markets, or other relevant factors. The allowance for credit loss may be materially affected by these qualitative factors, especially during periods of economic uncertainty, for items not reflected in the lifetime credit loss calculation, but which are deemed appropriate by management's current assessment of the risks related to the loan portfolio and/or external factors. The qualitative factors applied at December 31, 2022, and the importance and levels of the qualitative factors applied, may change in future periods depending on the level of changes to items such as the uncertainty of economic conditions and management's assessment of the level of credit risk within the loan portfolio as a result of such changes, compared to the amount of allowance for credit loss calculated by the model. The evaluation of qualitative factors is inherently imprecise and requires significant management judgment. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the adequacy of the allowance for credit loss is determined by certain factors outside of the Corporation's control, such as the performance of the Corporation's portfolios, changes in the economic environment including economic uncertainty, changes in interest rates, and the view of the regulatory authorities toward classification of assets and the level of allowance for credit loss. Additionally, the level of allowance for credit loss may fluctuate based on the balance and mix of the loan portfolio. If actual results differ significantly from management's assumptions, the Corporation's allowance for credit loss may not be sufficient to cover inherent losses in the Corporation's loan portfolio, resulting in additions to the Corporation's allowance for credit loss and an increase in the provision for credit losses. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Corporation uses fair value measurements to record certain financial instruments and to determine fair value disclosures. AFS securities, mortgage loans held for sale, and interest rate swap agreements are financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Corporation may be required to record at fair value other financial assets on a nonrecurring basis. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve write-downs of, or specific reserves against, individual assets. GAAP establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. The classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used in the measurement are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market-driven or market-based information obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our estimates about market data. 
 
 The degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent upon the availability of quoted market prices or observable market data. For financial instruments that trade actively and have quoted market prices or observable market data, there is minimal subjectivity involved in measuring fair value. When observable market prices and data are not fully available, management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. In addition, changes in the market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices or observable data. For example, reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities could result in observable market inputs becoming unavailable. Therefore, when market data is not available, we use valuation techniques that require more management judgment to estimate the appropriate fair value measurement. Fair value is discussed further in Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" and in Note 6, "Fair Value Measurements." 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Certain intangible assets generated in connection with acquisitions are periodically assessed for impairment. Goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment, and if certain events occur which indicate goodwill might be impaired between annual tests, goodwill must be tested when such events occur. In making this assessment, the Corporation considers a number of factors including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, current market data, stock price, etc. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and the Corporation's judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. Future changes in economic and operating conditions could result in goodwill impairment in subsequent periods. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The following tables reconcile the non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable measures under GAAP. 
 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of tangible book value per common share and tangible common equity / tangible assets (non-GAAP): Shareholders' equity 530,762 442,847 Less: preferred equity 57,785 57,785 Common shareholders' equity 472,977 385,062 Less: goodwill 43,749 43,749 Less: core deposit intangible 364 460 Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 428,864 340,853 Total assets 5,475,179 5,328,939 Less: goodwill 43,749 43,749 Less: core deposit intangible 364 460 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 5,431,066 5,284,730 Ending shares outstanding 21,121,346 16,855,062 Book value per common share (GAAP) 22.39 22.85 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) 20.30 20.22 Common shareholders' equity / Total assets (GAAP) 8.64 7.23 Tangible common equity / Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 7.90 6.45 
 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of allowance for credit losses / total loans, net of PPP-related loans (non-GAAP): Total allowance for credit losses 43,436 37,588 Total loans 4,275,178 3,634,792 Less: PPP-related loans 159 45,203 Adjusted total loans, net of PPP-related loans (non-GAAP) 4,275,019 3,589,589 Allowance for credit losses / total loans (GAAP) 1.02 1.03 Adjusted allowance for credit losses / total loans, net of PPP-related loans (non-GAAP) 1.02 1.05 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of net interest margin: Interest income 213,738 179,600 Interest expense 24,079 19,820 Net interest income 189,659 159,780 Average total earning assets 4,954,547 4,768,040 Net interest margin (GAAP) (annualized) 3.83 3.35 Calculation of net interest margin (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP): Interest income 213,738 179,600 Tax equivalent adjustment (non-GAAP) 1,235 953 Adjusted interest income (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP) 214,973 180,553 Interest expense 24,079 19,820 Net interest income (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP) 190,894 160,733 Average total earning assets 4,954,547 4,768,040 Less: average mark to market adjustment on investments (non-GAAP) (40,271) 9,879 Adjusted average total earning assets, net of mark to market (non-GAAP) 4,994,818 4,758,161 Net interest margin, fully tax equivalent basis (non-GAAP) (annualized) 3.82 3.38 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of PPNR (non-GAAP): (1) 
 Net interest income 189,659 159,780 Add: Non-interest income 34,766 33,434 Less: Non-interest expense 137,622 116,433 PPNR (non-GAAP) 86,803 76,781 (1) Management believes that this is an important metric as it illustrates the underlying performance of the Corporation, it enables investors and others to assess the Corporation's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through the credit cycle and provides consistent reporting with a key metric used by bank regulatory agencies. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of efficiency ratio: Non-interest expense 137,622 116,433 Non-interest income 34,766 33,434 Net interest income 189,659 159,780 Total revenue 224,425 193,214 Efficiency ratio 61.32 60.26 Calculation of efficiency ratio (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP): Non-interest expense 137,622 116,433 Less: core deposit intangible amortization 96 107 Adjusted non-interest expense (non-GAAP) 137,526 116,326 Non-interest income 34,766 33,434 Net interest income 189,659 159,780 Less: tax exempt investment and loan income, net of TEFRA (non-GAAP) 5,011 4,973 Add: tax exempt investment and loan income (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP) 6,509 6,416 Adjusted net interest income (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP) 191,157 161,223 Adjusted net revenue (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP) 225,923 194,657 Efficiency ratio (fully tax equivalent basis) (non-GAAP) 60.87 59.76 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP): Net income 63,188 57,707 Less: preferred stock dividends 4,302 4,302 Net income available to common shareholders 58,886 53,405 Average shareholders' equity 455,748 431,062 Less: average goodwill intangibles 44,163 44,265 Less: average preferred equity 57,785 57,785 Tangible common shareholders' equity (non-GAAP) 353,800 329,012 Return on average equity (GAAP) (annualized) 13.86 13.39 Return on average common equity (GAAP) (annualized) 12.92 12.39 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) (annualized) 16.64 16.23 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Calculation of non-interest income excluding net realized gains on available-for-sale securities (non-GAAP): Non-interest income 34,766 33,434 Less: net realized gains on available-for-sale securities 651 783 Adjusted non-interest income (non-GAAP) 34,115 32,651 
 50 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 As a financial institution, the Corporation s primary source of market risk is interest rate risk, which is the exposure to fluctuations in the Corporation s future earnings resulting from changes in interest rates. This exposure is correlated to the repricing characteristics of the Corporation s portfolio of assets and liabilities. Each asset or liability reprices either at maturity or during the life of the instrument. 
 
 The principal purpose of asset/liability management is to maximize current and future net interest income within acceptable levels of interest rate risk while satisfying liquidity and capital requirements. Net interest income is enhanced by increasing the net interest margin and the growth in earning assets. As a result, the primary goal of interest rate risk management is to maintain a balance between risk and reward such that net interest income is maximized while risk is maintained at an acceptable level. 
 
 The Corporation uses an asset-liability management model to measure the effect of interest rate changes on its net interest income. The Corporation s management also reviews asset-liability maturity gap and repricing analyses regularly. The Corporation does not always attempt to achieve a precise match between interest sensitive assets and liabilities because it believes that an actively managed amount of interest rate risk is inherent and appropriate in the management of the Corporation s profitability. 
 
 Asset-liability modeling techniques and simulation involve assumptions and estimates that inherently cannot be measured with precision. Key assumptions in these analyses include maturity and repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities, prepayments on amortizing assets, non-maturing deposit sensitivity, and loan and deposit pricing. These assumptions are inherently uncertain due to the timing, magnitude, and frequency of rate changes and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. However, the analyses are useful in quantifying risk and provide a relative gauge of the Corporation s interest rate risk position over time. 
 
 Management reviews interest rate risk on a quarterly basis and reports to the ALCO. This review includes earnings shock scenarios whereby interest rates are immediately increased and decreased by 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points. These scenarios, detailed in the table below, indicate that there would not be a significant variance in net interest income over a one-year period due to interest rate changes; however, actual results could vary significantly. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all interest rate risk levels according to the model were within the tolerance limits of ALCO-approved policy. In addition, the table does not take into consideration changes that management would make to realign its assets and liabilities in the event of an unexpected changing interest rate environment. The 300 and 400 basis point declining interest rate scenarios have been excluded in the following table. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change in Basis Points Change in Net Interest Income Change in Basis Points Change in Net Interest Income 400 4.8 400 23.7 300 4.9 300 17.4 200 5.5 200 12.1 100 5.8 100 6.5 (100) (1.7) (100) (4.8) (200) (6.1) (200) (9.0) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation has approximately 2.0 billion in outstanding loan balances that are rate sensitive over the next twelve months. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 CNB Financial Corporation 
 Clearfield, Pennsylvania 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CNB Financial Corporation (the "Corporation") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 3, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s financial statements based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Corporation has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2020 due to the adoption of ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The Corporation adopted the new credit losses standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements, the Corporation establishes an allowance representing the estimate of expected credit losses over the estimated life of the existing portfolio of loans. The Corporation measures expected credit losses based on a pooled loan basis when similar risk characteristics exist by primarily applying a discounted cash flow ("DCF") model. The DCF model discounts instrument-level contractual cash flows, adjusting for prepayments and curtailments, and incorporates loss expectations based on past events, current conditions, and forecasted macroeconomic indicators using reasonable and supportable forecasts. The quantitative estimated losses provided by the DCF model are supplemented by qualitative factors that include changes related to relevant data, such as differences in underwriting standards, changes in environmental conditions, delinquency levels, segment growth rates and changes in duration within new markets, or other relevant factors not considered in the DCF model. 
 
 We identified the allowance for credit losses on loans as a critical audit matter. Auditing management s estimate of the allowance involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant judgment required in determining the (1) significant assumptions within the DCF model and (2) measurement of the qualitative factors applied to the loan portfolio. 
 
 The primary procedures performed to address the critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Corporation s internal controls over the allowance for credit losses process, including controls over both the DCF and qualitative elements of the allowance. This included controls over the review of the relevance and reliability of data used to determine the estimates and the review of the appropriateness of the key assumptions and judgments used in the determination of the qualitative factors. 
 
 Evaluated the completeness and accuracy of data used in the DCF model and the reasonableness of management s judgments and the relevance of data used in applying the qualitative factors. 
 
 We involved FORVIS valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of model inputs and assumptions and testing the design of the model calculation through a re-performance of the discounted cash flow. 
 
 Other Matter 
 
 The 2021 and 2020 financial statements were audited by other auditors whose unqualified reports on those statements thereon, dated March 3, 2022, included an emphasis paragraph that described the change in accounting principle discussed in Note 1. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 We have served as the Corporation s auditor since 2022. 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 3, 2023 

53 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee 
 CNB Financial Corporation 
 Clearfield, Pennsylvania 

Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited CNB Financial Corporation s (the "Corporation") internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 3, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 3, 2023 

55 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of CNB Financial Corporation 
 Clearfield, Pennsylvania 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CNB Financial Corporation (the "Corporation") as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Crowe LLP 
 
 We served as the Corporation's auditor from 2000 through March 3, 2022. 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 3, 2022 

56 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Dollars in thousands, except share data December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with Federal Reserve Interest-bearing deposits with other financial institutions Total cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021) 
 Debt securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value as of December 31, 2022 and , as of December 31, 2021) 
 Equity securities Loans held for sale Loans receivable PPP loans, net of deferred processing fees Syndicated loans Loans Total loans receivable Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans receivable FHLB and other restricted stock holdings and investments Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Bank owned life insurance Mortgage servicing rights Goodwill Core deposit intangible Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Noninterest-bearing demand deposits Interest-bearing demand deposits Savings Certificates of deposit Total deposits Short-term borrowings Subordinated debentures Subordinated notes, net of unamortized issuance costs Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Preferred stock, Series A non-cumulative perpetual, 
 par value; liquidation preference; shares authorized ; 
 Shares issued at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 Shares issued shares at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Dollars in thousands, except per share data 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME: Loans including fees Interest and fees on loans Processing fees on PPP loans Securities and cash and cash equivalents: Taxable Tax-exempt Dividends Total interest and dividend income INTEREST EXPENSE: Deposits Borrowed funds and finance lease liabilities Subordinated debentures (includes , , and accumulated other comprehensive 
 income reclassification for change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements, respectively) 
 Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSS EXPENSE NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSS EXPENSE NON-INTEREST INCOME: Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges and fees Wealth and asset management fees Net realized gains on available-for-sale securities (includes , , and 
 accumulated other comprehensive income reclassifications for net realized gains 
 on available-for-sale securities, respectively) 
 Net realized gains on equity securities Net unrealized gains on equity securities ) Mortgage banking Bank owned life insurance Card processing and interchange income Other non-interest income Total non-interest income NON-INTEREST EXPENSES: Compensation and benefits (includes ), ), and accumulated other comprehensive 
 income reclassifications for net amortization of actuarial (gains) losses, respectively) 
 Net occupancy expense Technology expense State and local taxes Legal, professional and examination fees Advertising FDIC insurance Card processing and interchange expenses Other non-interest expenses Merger costs, prepayment penalties and branch closure costs Total non-interest expenses INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES INCOME TAX EXPENSE (includes , , and income tax expense 
 reclassification items, respectively) 
 NET INCOME PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS PER COMMON SHARE DATA: Basic Earnings Per Common Share Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Cash Dividends Declared NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of reclassification and tax ) ) Amortization of unrealized gains from held-to-maturity securities, net of tax Change in actuarial gain, for post-employment health care plan, net of amortization and tax Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements designated as a cash flow hedge, net of interest and tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021, AND 2020 
 Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data 
 Preferred Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Share- holders Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Performance based restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs shares) 
 Purchase of treasury stock shares) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock for the purpose of tax withholding related to restricted stock award vesting shares) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock for the purpose of tax withholding related to performance based restricted stock award vesting shares) 
 ) ) Issuance of preferred equity, net of issuance costs Acquisition of Bank of Akron Preferred cash dividend declared ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Forfeiture of restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Performance based restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Contribution of treasury stock shares) 
 ) Stock-based contribution expense Purchase of treasury stock shares) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock for the purpose of tax withholding related to restricted stock award vesting shares) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock for the purpose of tax withholding related to performance based restricted stock award vesting shares) 
 ) ) Preferred cash dividend declared ) ) Common cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

59 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021, AND 2020 
 Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data 
 Preferred Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Share- holders Equity Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Forfeiture of restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Performance based restricted stock award grants shares) 
 ) Stock-based compensation expense Contribution of treasury stock shares) 
 ) Stock-based contribution expense Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs shares) 
 Purchase of treasury stock shares) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock for the purpose of tax withholding related to restricted stock award vesting shares) 
 ) ) Purchase of treasury stock for the purpose of tax withholding related to performance based restricted stock award vesting shares) 
 ) ) Preferred cash dividend declared ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Dollars in thousands 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: Provision for credit loss expense Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment, operating leases assets, core deposit intangible, and mortgage servicing rights Accretion of securities, deferred loan fees and costs, net yield and credit mark on acquired loans, and unearned income ) ) ) Net amortization of deferred costs on borrowings Accretion of deferred PPP processing fees ) ) ) Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net realized gains on sales of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized losses (gains) on equity securities ) ) Gain on sale of loans held for sale ) ) ) Net (gains) losses on dispositions of premises and equipment and foreclosed assets ) Proceeds from sale of loans receivable Origination of loans held for sale ) ) ) Income on bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Gain on bank owned life insurance (death benefit proceeds in excess of cash surrender value) ) ) Restricted stock compensation expense Stock-based contribution expense Changes in: Accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) ) Accrued interest payable, lease liabilities, and other liabilities ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from sale of equity securities Purchase of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls of held-to-maturity securities Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) Purchase of equity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from loans held for sale previously classified as portfolio loans Net increase in loans receivable ) ) ) Purchase of bank owned life insurance ) ) Proceeds from death benefit of bank owned life insurance policies Net cash from business combinations Redemption (purchase) of FHLB, other equity, and restricted equity interests ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment and foreclosed assets NET CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net (decrease) increase in checking, money market and savings accounts ) Net increase (decrease) in certificates of deposit ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Proceeds from common stock offering, net of issuance costs Proceeds from preferred stock offering, net of issuance costs Cash dividends paid, common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid, preferred stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated notes, net of issuance costs Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments on long-term borrowings ) ) Net change in short-term borrowings NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, Beginning CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, Ending 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

61 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 Dollars in thousands 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL NONCASH DISCLOSURES: Transfers to other real estate owned Transfers from loans held for sale to loans held for investment Transfers from loans held for investment to loans held for sale Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Grant of restricted stock awards from treasury stock Grant of performance based restricted stock awards from treasury stock Restricted stock forfeiture Contribution of stock from treasury stock Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

as operating results for all divisions are similar. Accordingly, all of the financial service operations are considered to be aggregated in reportable operating segment. 

63 

Table of Contents 

 accrued interest related to debt securities reversed against interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and was reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses (Debt Securities HTM) 
 
 Management measures expected credit losses on HTM debt securities on a collective basis by major security type. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on HTM debt securities totaled million and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 Management classifies the HTM portfolio into the following major security types: U.S. government sponsored entities and residential multi-family mortgages. All of the residential multi-family mortgages held by the Corporation are issued by U.S. government entities and agencies. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies and have a long history of no credit losses. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and was reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized in interest income using the level-yield method without anticipating prepayments. 
 
 Interest income on mortgage, consumer and commercial loans is discontinued and placed on nonaccrual status at the time the loan is days delinquent unless the loan is well secured and in process of collection. Past-due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. Loans, including loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring, are placed on nonaccrual or recorded as charge-offs at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 
 
 All interest accrued but not received on loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Under the cost-recovery method, interest income is not recognized until the loan balance is reduced to zero. Under the cash-basis method, interest income is recorded when the payment is received in cash. For all portfolio segments, loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated ("PCD") Loans 
 
 The Corporation has purchased loans, some of which have experienced more than insignificant credit deterioration since origination. 
 
 PCD loans are recorded at the amount paid. An allowance for credit losses is determined using the same methodology as other loans held for investment. The initial allowance for credit losses determined on a collective basis is allocated to individual loans. The sum of the loan's purchase price and allowance for credit losses becomes its initial amortized cost basis. The difference between the initial amortized cost basis and the par value of the loan is a noncredit discount or premium, which is amortized into interest income over the life of the loan. Subsequent changes to the allowance for credit losses are recorded through provision expense. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 . Interest-only payments may also be approved during the modification period. Principal forgiveness is generally not an option for modification. The allowance for credit loss on a TDR is measured using the same method as all other loans held for investment, except the original interest rate is used to discount the expected cash flows, not the rate specified within the restructuring. When there is a reasonable expectation, at the reporting date, that a TDR will be executed with a borrower the estimated life of the TDR reflects the extension or renewal. The Corporation also modifies some loans that are not classified as TDRs as the modification is due to a restructuring where the effective interest rate on the debt is reduced to reflect a decrease in market interest rates. 

66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

68 

Table of Contents 

 quarters. 
 
 Historical credit loss experience, including examination of loss experience at representative peer institutions when the Corporation s loss history does not result in estimations that are meaningful to users of the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements, provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, changes in environmental conditions, delinquency level, segment growth rates and changes in duration within new markets, or other relevant factors. 
 
 The DCF model uses inputs of current and forecasted macroeconomic indicators to predict future loss rates. The current macroeconomic indicator utilized by the Corporation is the Federal unemployment rate and the S P/Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price Index for select collective residential related pools. In building the CECL methodology utilized in the DCF model, a correlation between this indicator and historic loss levels was developed, enabling a prediction of future loss rates related to future Federal unemployment rates and S P/Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price Index. 
 
 The portfolio segments utilizing the DCF methodology comprised and of the amortized cost of loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and included: 
 
 Farmland 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens 
 Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens 
 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Automobile 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 
 The WARM model uses combined historic loss rates for the Corporation and peer institutions, if necessary, gathered from call report filings. The selected period for which historic loss rates are used is dependent on management's evaluation of current conditions and expectations of future loss conditions. 
 
 The portfolio segments utilizing the WARM methodology comprised and of the amortized cost of loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and included: 
 
 1-4 Family Construction 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans 
 Credit cards 
 Other revolving credit plans 
 Other consumer 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 thousand and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was reported in accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets . 

70 

Table of Contents 

to years with lives for furniture, fixtures and equipment ranging from to years and lives of buildings and building improvements ranging from to years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over useful lives of the leasehold improvements or the term of the lease, whichever is shorter. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are charged to expense as incurred. 
 
 or more options to renew at the Corporation's discretion. If, at lease inception, the Corporation considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Corporation includes the extended term in the calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Generally, the Corporation cannot practically determine the interest rate implicit in the lease so the Corporation's incremental borrowing rate is used as the discount rate for the lease. The Corporation uses Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") of Pittsburgh advance interest rates, which have been deemed as the Corporation's incremental borrowing rate, at lease inception based upon the term of the lease. The Corporation's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 Lease expense, variable lease expense and short-term lease expense are included in occupancy expense in the Corporation's consolidated statements of income. For facility-related leases, the Corporation elected, by lease class, to not separate lease and non-lease components. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease expense primarily represents payments such as common area maintenance, real estate taxes, and utilities and are recognized as expense in the period when those payments are incurred. Short-term lease expense relates to leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. The Corporation has elected to not record a right-of-use asset or lease liability for short-term leases. 

71 

Table of Contents 

to , respectively. 

72 

Table of Contents 

73 

Table of Contents 

74 

Table of Contents 

million, or . The increase in the total allowance for credit losses resulted in a million decrease to retained earnings, net of deferred taxes. The overall change in total allowance for credit losses upon adoption was primarily due to the move to a life of loan reserve estimate as well as methodology changes required under CECL. 
 
 The Corporation adopted ASC 326 using the prospective transition approach for financial assets purchased with credit deterioration that were previously classified as purchased credit impaired ("PCI") and accounted for under ASC 310-30. In accordance with the standard, management did not reassess whether PCI assets met the criteria of PCD assets as of the date of adoption. On January 1, 2020, the amortized cost basis of the PCD assets were adjusted to reflect the addition of thousand of the allowance for credit losses. The remaining noncredit discount (based on the adjusted amortized cost basis) will be accreted into interest income at the effective interest rate as of January 1, 2020. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 ) Farmland 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Commercial mortgages ) Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Residential real estate ) 1-4 Family Construction Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Consumer, net of unearned discount ) Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Credit cards Overdrafts Total loans 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 ) Farmland 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 ) Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 ) Other loans 
 Commercial mortgages ) Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Residential real estate ) 1-4 Family Construction ) Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Consumer ) Other revolving credit plans Automobile ) Other consumer Credit cards ) Overdrafts Total allowance for credit losses on loans Retained earnings: Total increase in allowance for credit losses on loans Balance sheet reclassification ) Total pre-tax impact Tax effect ) Decrease in retained earnings 
 
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment" ("ASU 2017-04"). ASU 2017-04 simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment for all entities by requiring impairment charges to be based on the first step in the previous two-step impairment test. Under the new guidance, if a reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an entity will record an impairment charge based on that difference. The impairment charge will be limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The standard eliminates the prior requirement to calculate a goodwill impairment charge using Step 2, which requires an entity to calculate any impairment charge by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount. ASU 2017-04 was effective for the Corporation on January 1, 2020 and did not have a material impact on the Corporation's financial statements and related disclosures. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 in cash or (y) shares of the Corporation's common stock and also received cash in lieu of fractional shares. Based on the elections and proration procedures, the total consideration payable to Bank of Akron shareholders was approximately million, comprised of approximately million in cash and shares of the Corporation's common stock, net of fractional shares, valued at approximately million based on the July 17, 2020 closing price of per share of the Corporation's common stock. 
 
 Bank of Akron's results of operations were included in the Corporation's results of operations beginning July 17, 2020. The Corporation incurred merger-related expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million of merger-related expenses during the year ended December 31, 2020, consisting largely of professional services of attorneys, accountants, investment bankers and other advisors. 

3. 
 
 ) State political subdivisions ) Residential multi-family mortgage ) Corporate notes bonds ) Pooled SBA ) Total ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Gross Unrealized Allowance For Fair Cost Gains Losses Credit Losses Value U.S. Gov t sponsored entities ) State political subdivisions ) Residential multi-family mortgage ) Corporate notes bonds ) Pooled SBA ) Total ) 
 
 ) Residential multi-family mortgage ) Total ) 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Residential multi-family mortgage Total 
 
 The Corporation elected to transfer AFS securities with an aggregate fair value of million to a classification of HTM on January 1, 2022. In accordance with FASB ASC 320-10-55-24, the transfer from AFS to HTM must be recorded at the fair value of the AFS securities at the time of transfer. The net unrealized holding gain of thousand, net of tax, at the date of transfer was retained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), with the associated pre-tax amount retained in the carrying value of the HTM securities. Such amounts will be amortized to comprehensive income over the remaining life of the securities. 
 
 The Corporation elected to transfer AFS securities with an aggregate fair value of million to a classification of HTM on April 1, 2022. The net unrealized holding loss of million, net of tax, at the date of transfer was retained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), with the associated pre-tax amount retained in the carrying value of the HTM securities. Such amounts will be amortized to comprehensive income over the remaining life of the securities. 
 
 2021 2020 
 
 The tax provision related to these net realized gains at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. 
 
 1 year 5 years 5 years 10 years After 10 years Residential and multi-family mortgage Pooled SBA Total debt securities 
 
 Mortgage securities and pooled SBA securities are not due at a single date; periodic payments are received based on the payment patterns of the underlying collateral. 
 
 On December 31, 2022 and 2021, securities carried at million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes as provided by law. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were holdings of securities by any one issuer, other than U.S. Government sponsored entities, in an amount greater than of shareholders equity. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) State political subdivisions ) ) ) Residential multi-family mortgage ) ) ) Corporate notes bonds ) ) ) Pooled SBA ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Description of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss U.S. Gov t sponsored entities ) ) ) State political subdivisions ) ) ) Residential and multi-family mortgage ) ) ) Corporate notes bonds ) ) ) Pooled SBA ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 ) ) ) Residential multi-family mortgage ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Description of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss U.S. Gov t sponsored entities State political subdivisions Total 
 
 The Corporation evaluates securities for possible credit allowance on a quarterly basis, or more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management performed an assessment for allowance for credit losses on the Corporation s AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position and as of December 31, 2022 management performed an assessment for allowance for credit losses on the Corporation's HTM debt securities. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Mutual funds Money market Corporate notes Total 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the proceeds from sold equity securities were in December 31, 2022, in December 31, 2021 and million in December 31, 2020, resulting in net realized gains of in December 31, 2022, in December 31, 2021, and thousand in December 31, 2020. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 1 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 1-4 Family Construction Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Credit cards Overdrafts Total loans Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Net deferred loan origination fees (costs) included in the above loan table 1 PPP loans, net of deferred PPP processing fees, both those disbursed in 2020 and those disbursed in 2021, are included in the Commercial and Industrial classification. 

The Corporation s outstanding loans receivable and related unfunded commitments are primarily concentrated within Central and Northwest Pennsylvania, Central and Northeast Ohio, Western New York and Southwest Virginia. The Bank attempts to limit concentrations within specific industries by utilizing dollar limitations to single industries or customers, and by entering into participation agreements with third parties. Collateral requirements are established based on management s assessment of the customer. The Corporation maintains lending policies to control the quality of the loan portfolio. These policies delegate the authority to extend loans under specific guidelines and underwriting standards. These policies are prepared by the Corporation s management and reviewed and approved annually by the Corporation s Board of Directors. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2020, the Corporation began originating loans to qualified small businesses under the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") administered by the Small Business Administration ("SBA") under the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. PPP loans, both those disbursed in 2020 and those disbursed in 2021, are included in the commercial and industrial classification and, as the PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration, required allowance for credit losses was recorded against the PPP loans, net of deferred PPP processing fees, outstanding of thousand and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Syndicated loans, net of deferred fees and costs, are included in the commercial and industrial classification and totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) ) Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 ) Commercial and Industrial 
 ) Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) 1-4 Family Construction Home equity lines of credit ) Residential Mortgages secured by first liens ) Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans ) Automobile ) Other consumer ) Credit cards ) Overdrafts ) Total loans ) 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments. Note 20, "Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies," in the consolidated financial statements provides more detail concerning the provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments of the Corporation. 
 
 The Corporation's allowance for credit losses is influenced by loan volumes, risk rating migration, delinquency status and other conditions influencing loss expectations, such as reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses increased due to the growth in the Corporation's loan portfolio, including growth in new market areas. This was partially offset by improvements in the Corporation's historical loss rates, as well as the impact of net charge-offs. There is still a significant amount of uncertainty related to the domestic and global economy, continued supply chain challenges, persistent inflation and the COVID-19 pandemic. Management will continue to proactively evaluate its estimate of expected credit losses as new information becomes available. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 ) Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 ) Commercial and Industrial 
 ) Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 ) Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans ) Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 ) Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) ) 1-4 Family Construction Home equity lines of credit ) Residential Mortgages secured by first liens ) Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens ) Other revolving credit plans ) Automobile ) Other consumer ) Credit cards ) Overdrafts ) Total loans ) 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments. Note 20, "Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies," in the consolidated financial statements provides more detail concerning the provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments of the Corporation. 
 
 Transactions in the allowance for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2020 were as follows: 
 
 Beginning Allowance (Before ASC 326 Adoption) Impact of ASC 326 Adoption Initial Allowance on Loans Purchased with Credit Deterioration (Charge-offs) Recoveries Provision (Benefit) for Credit Losses on Loans Receivable (1) 
 Ending Allowance (After ASC 326 Adoption) Farmland 
 ) Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) ) Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 ) Commercial and Industrial 
 ) ) Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 ) Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans ) Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 ) 1-4 Family Construction ) Home equity lines of credit ) Residential Mortgages secured by first liens ) Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens ) Other revolving credit plans ) ) Automobile ) ) Other consumer ) Credit cards ) ) Overdrafts ) Total loans ) 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments. Note 20, "Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Contingencies," in the consolidated financial statements provides more detail concerning the provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments of the Corporation. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Credit cards Total loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 Nonaccrual Nonaccrual With No Allowance for Credit Loss Loans Past Due over 89 Days Still Accruing Farmland 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Credit cards Total loans 

87 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Total loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 Real Estate Collateral Non-Real Estate Collateral Farmland 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Total loans 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 1-4 Family Construction Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Credit cards Overdrafts Total loans 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 1-4 Family Construction Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Credit cards Overdrafts Total loans 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without a loan modification. This evaluation is performed using the Corporation s internal underwriting policies. The Corporation has no further loan commitments to customers whose loan receivables are classified as a TDR. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the terms of certain loans were modified as TDRs. The modification of the terms of such loans included either or both of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan; or an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk. The Corporation had an amortized cost in troubled debt restructurings of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Corporation has allocated million and million of allowance for those loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Extend Amortization Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Modify Rate and Extend Amortization Total loans 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Modify Payment Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Modify Payment Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Modify Payment Total loans 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Number of Loans Pre-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Post-Modification Outstanding Recorded Investment Type of Modification Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Modify Payment Commercial and Industrial 
 Modify Payment Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Modify Rate and Extend Amortization Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Modify Rate and Modify Payment Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Modify Payment Total loans 
 
 The TDRs described above increased the allowance for credit losses by immaterial amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 A loan receivable is considered to be in payment default once it is days contractually past due under the modified terms. There were loans receivable modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and principal balances were forgiven in connection with the loan receivable restructurings. 
 
 In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without a loan modification. This evaluation is performed using the Corporation s internal underwriting policies. The Corporation has no further loan commitments to customers whose loans are classified as a troubled debt restructuring. 
 
 Generally, nonperforming TDRs are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time (generally and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 The Corporation categorizes loans receivable into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Corporation analyzes loans individually to classify the loans as to credit risk. 
 
 The Corporation uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 
 Special Mention: A loan classified as special mention has a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Corporation s credit position at some future date. 
 
 Substandard: A loan classified as substandard is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. The loan has a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. A substandard loan is characterized by the distinct possibility that the Corporation will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Total loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 Non-Pass Rated Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Non-Pass Total Farmland 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Other loans 
 Other construction loans and all land development and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Total loans 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial and Industrial 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful (1) 
 Total Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other loans 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 (1) Consists of one loan relationship that was originated in 2015 and modified in 2021. The modification met the requirements to disclose the loan relationship as a new loan during the current period. 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Agricultural production and other loans to farmers 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful (1) 
 Total Commercial and Industrial 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Obligations (other than securities and leases) of states and political subdivisions 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Other loans 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 (1) Consists of one loan relationship that was originated in 2015 and modified in 2021. The modification met the requirements to disclose the loan relationship as a new loan during the current period. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties 
 Risk rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 
 Home equity lines of credit Residential Mortgages secured by first liens Residential Mortgages secured by junior liens Other revolving credit plans Automobile Other consumer Total loans 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Nonperforming Total Home equity lines of credit 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgages secured by first lien 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgages secured by junior liens 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Other revolving credit plans 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Automobile 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Other consumer 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Nonperforming Total Home equity lines of credit 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgages secured by first lien 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgages secured by junior liens 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Other revolving credit plans 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Automobile 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total Other consumer 
 Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Credit card Payment performance Performing Nonperforming Total 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition Non-credit discount / (premium) at acquisition Par value of acquired loans at acquisition 
 
 Less: unearned discounts ) ) Total consumer loans, net of unearned discounts 

5. 
 
 Loans transferred to real estate owned Sales of real estate owned (at carrying value) ) ) ) Balance, end of year Operating expenses, net of rental income Total 

6. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 States and political subdivisions Residential and multi-family mortgage Corporate notes and bonds Pooled SBA Total Securities Available-For-Sale Interest rate swaps Equity Securities: Corporate equity securities Mutual funds Money market Corporate notes and bonds Total Equity Securities Liabilities Interest rate swaps ) ) 
 100 

Table of Contents 

States and political subdivisions Residential and multi-family mortgage Corporate notes and bonds Pooled SBA Total Securities Available-For-Sale Interest rate swaps Equity Securities: Corporate equity securities Mutual funds Money market Corporate notes and bonds Total Equity Securities Liabilities Interest rate swaps ) ) 
 
 Purchases Total gains or (losses): Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Settlements ) Transfers out of Level 3 ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 The Corporation's corporate notes and bonds with a fair value of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 were transferred out of Level 3 and into Level 2 because of available observable market data for these investments. 
 
 Purchases Total gains or (losses): Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Transfers out of Level 3 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 The Corporation's states and political subdivisions with a fair value of thousand and residential and multi-family mortgage of million for the year ended December 31, 2020 were transferred out of Level 3 and into Level 2 because of available observable market data for these investments. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties Commercial and industrial Other construction loans and all land development loans and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential Home equity lines of credit Residential mortgages secured by first liens 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using Description Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Collateral-dependent loans: Farmland Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties Commercial and industrial Other construction loans and all land development loans and other land loans Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential 
 
 A loan is considered to be a collateral dependent loan when, based on current information and events, the Corporation expects repayment of the financial assets to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and the Corporation has determined that the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty as of the measurement date. The allowance for credit losses is measured by estimating the fair value of the loan based on the present value of expected cash flows, the market price of the loan, or the underlying fair value of the loan s collateral. For real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral is determined by third-party appraisals, which are then adjusted for the estimated selling and closing costs related to liquidation of the collateral. For this asset class, the actual valuation methods (income, sales comparable, or cost) vary based on the status of the project or property. For example, land is generally based on the sales comparable method while construction is based on the income and/or sales comparable methods. The unobservable inputs may vary depending on the individual assets with no one of the three methods being the predominant approach. The Corporation reviews the third-party appraisal for appropriateness and may adjust the value downward to consider selling and closing costs. For non-real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral may be determined using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Commercial and industrial Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Other construction loans and all land development loans and other land loans Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates 
 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Home equity lines of credit Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates 
 Residential mortgages secured by first liens Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 

The following table presents quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2021: 
 
 Fair value Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Range (Weighted Average) Collateral-dependent loans receivable: Farmland Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates 
 Owner-occupied, nonfarm nonresidential properties Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Commercial and industrial Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Other construction loans and all land development loans and other land loans Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates 
 Multifamily (5 or more) residential properties Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 
 Non-owner occupied, nonfarm nonresidential Valuation of third party appraisal on underlying collateral Loss severity rates - 

103 

Table of Contents 

 Debt securities available-for-sale Debt securities held-to-maturity Equity securities Loans held for sale Net loans receivable FHLB and other restricted stock holdings and investments n/a n/a n/a n/a Interest rate swaps Accrued interest receivable LIABILITIES Deposits ) ) ) ) Short-term borrowings ) ) ) Subordinated debentures ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Accrued interest payable ) ) ) 
 
 The following table presents the carrying amount and fair value of financial instruments at December 31, 2021: 
 
 Carrying Amount Fair Value Measurement Using: Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale Equity securities Loans held for sale Net loans FHLB and other equity interests n/a n/a n/a n/a Interest rate swaps Accrued interest receivable LIABILITIES Deposits ) ) ) ) Subordinated debentures ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) ) Accrued interest payable ) ) ) 
 
 While estimates of fair value are based on management s judgment of the most appropriate factors as of the balance sheet dates, there is no assurance that the estimated fair values would have been realized if the assets had been disposed of or the liabilities settled at that date, since market values may differ depending on various circumstances. The estimated fair values would also not apply to subsequent dates. The fair value of other equity interests is based on the net asset values provided by the underlying investment partnership. ASU 2015-7 removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient and related disclosures. In addition, other assets and liabilities that are not financial instruments, such as premises and equipment, are not included in the disclosures. 
 
 Also, non-financial assets such as, among other things, the estimated earnings power of core deposits, the earnings potential of trust accounts, the trained workforce, and customer goodwill, which typically are not recognized on the balance sheet, may have value but are not included in the fair value disclosures. 

7. 
 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Net gains on sales of loans held for sale Loan servicing fees 
 
 Additions Servicing rights acquired Amortization ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is based on market prices for comparable mortgage servicing contracts, when available, or alternatively based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights was not materially different than amortized cost at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. valuation allowance was deemed necessary at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The fair value of interest rate lock commitments and forward commitments to sell loans were not material at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

8. 
 
 Premises and leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in process Less: accumulated depreciation Premises and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation on premises and equipment amounted to million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

9. 
 
 or more options to renew and the exercise of the lease renewal options are at the Corporation's sole discretion. The Corporation includes lease extension and termination options in the lease term if, after considering relevant economic factors, it is reasonably certain the Corporation will exercise the option. Certain lease agreements of the Corporation include rental payments adjusted periodically for changes in the consumer price index. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease assets Premises and equipment, net (1) 
 Total leased assets Liabilities: Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total leased liabilities 
 (1) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Variable lease cost Net occupancy expense Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Net occupancy expense Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense - borrowed funds Sublease income (1) 
 Net occupancy expense ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 (1) Sublease income excludes rental income from owned properties. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Operating lease payments include payments related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and exclude million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed, but not yet commenced. 
 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

10. 
 Acquired during the year Balance, end of year 
 
 Impairment exists when the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis as of December 31 of each year, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying value. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded its carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value exceeded its carrying value, resulting in impairment. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 In connection with its acquisition of FC Banc Corp. in 2013, the Corporation recorded a core deposit intangible asset of million. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Corporation recorded amortization expense of , and thousand, respectively. The net carrying values at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was , respectively. No other intangible assets were required to be recorded in connection with the acquisition of FC Banc Corp. 
 
 In connection with its acquisition of Lake National Bank in 2016, the Corporation recorded a core deposit intangible asset of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Corporation recorded amortization expense of , , and thousand, respectively. The net carrying values at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was , respectively. No other intangible assets were required to be recorded in connection with the acquisition of Lake National Bank. 
 
 In connection with its acquisition of Bank of Akron in 2020, the Corporation recorded a core deposit intangible asset of thousand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Corporation recorded amortization expense of thousand, thousand, thousand, respectively. The net carrying value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. No other intangible assets were required to be recorded in connection with the acquisition of Bank of Akron. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

12. 
 
 million unsecured line of credit with an unaffiliated institution. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest at a variable rate equal to SOFR plus . There were borrowings on the line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 FHLB Borrowings 
 
 The Bank has the ability to borrow funds from the FHLB. The Bank maintains a million line-of-credit (Open Repo Plus) with the FHLB which is a revolving term commitment available on an overnight basis. The term of this commitment may not exceed 364 days and it reprices daily at market rates. Under terms of a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLB, the line-of-credit and long term advances are secured by FHLB stock and the Bank pledges its single-family residential mortgage loan portfolio, certain commercial real estate loans, and certain agriculture real estate loans as security for any advances. 
 
 Total loans pledged to the FHLB at December 31, 2022, and 2021, were billion and billion, respectively. The Bank could obtain advances of up to approximately million from the FHLB at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 at December 31, 2022. The maximum amount of the Open Repo borrowing available is . 
 Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, municipal deposit letters of credit issued by the FHLB on behalf of the Bank naming applicable municipalities as beneficiaries were million and million, respectively. The letters of credit were utilized in place of securities pledged to the municipalities for their deposits maintained at the Bank. 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank had outstanding borrowings from unaffiliated institutions under overnight borrowing agreements. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 million floating rate trust preferred securities as part of a pooled offering of such securities. The interest rate on each offering is determined quarterly and floats based on the 3 month LIBOR plus . The all-in rate was at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. The Corporation issued subordinated debentures to the trusts in exchange for the proceeds of the offerings, which debentures represent the sole assets of the trusts. The subordinated debentures must be redeemed no later than 2037. The Corporation may redeem the debentures, in whole or in part, at face value at any time. The Corporation has the option to defer interest payments from time to time for a period not to exceed five consecutive years. Although the trusts are variable interest entities, the Corporation is not the primary beneficiary. As a result, because the trusts are not consolidated with the Corporation, the Corporation does not report the securities issued by the trusts as liabilities. Instead, the Corporation reports as liabilities the subordinated debentures issued by the Corporation and held by the trusts, since the liabilities are not eliminated in consolidation. The trust preferred securities were designated to qualify as Tier 1 capital under the Federal Reserve s capital guidelines. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 
 In September 2016, the Corporation completed a private placement of million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes (the "2026 Notes"). The notes will mature in October 2026, and will initially bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, to, but excluding, October 15, 2021, and thereafter to, but excluding, the maturity date or earlier redemption, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus . These subordinated notes were designed to qualify as Tier 2 capital under the Federal Reserve's capital guidelines and were given an investment grade rating of BBB- by Kroll Bond Rating Agency. On October 15, 2021, the Corporation completed its redemption of the 2026 Notes, representing all of the outstanding 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes were redeemed pursuant to their terms at a price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, October 15, 2021. The total aggregate redemption price was million, which amount included an accrued interest payment of thousand. The Corporation financed the redemption with cash on hand, including the net proceeds from the issuance and sale of million aggregate principal amount of the Corporation's Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031. 
 
 million aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes to eligible purchasers in a private offering in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and the provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder. The notes will mature in June 2031, and initially bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, to, but excluding, June 15, 2026, and thereafter to, but excluding, the maturity date or earlier redemption, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to the then current three-month average Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus . The net proceeds from the sale were approximately million, after deducting offering expenses. These subordinated notes were designed to qualify as Tier 2 capital under the Federal Reserve s capital guidelines and were given an investment grade rating of BBB- by Kroll Bond Rating Agency. The unamortized debt issuance costs were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

13. 
 
 of salary. Employees years of age or over with a minimum of with hours of service are eligible for matching contributions by the Corporation at for every contributed up to then for every contributed up to the next in total of the employee s compensation. The Corporation s matching contribution and related expenses were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. A profit sharing discretionary non-contributory pension plan component is in place for employees years of age or over with a minimum of with hours of service and allows employer contributions in an amount equal to a percentage of eligible compensation plus of the compensation in excess of thousand, subject to a thousand salary limit. The Corporation recognized profit sharing expense of million, million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2019 respectively. 
 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, were included in other liabilities for this plan. Expenses related to this plan were million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and thousand for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The Corporation has established a Survivor Benefit Plan for the benefit of outside directors. The purpose of the plan is to provide life insurance benefits to beneficiaries of the Corporation s directors who at the time of their death are participants in the plan. The plan is considered an unfunded plan for tax and ERISA purposes and all obligations arising under the plan are payable from the general assets of the Corporation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, obligations of million and million, respectively, were included in other liabilities for this plan. Expenses (benefits) related to this plan were thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 and thousand for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 On December 31, 2021, the Corporation adopted a Defined Contribution Plan for several employees (the "Plan"), pursuant to which the Corporation will make certain annual contributions to the Plan on the employee's behalf, which will be paid to the employee following their termination of employment from the Corporation or, if earlier, upon the employee becoming disabled. The Plan became effective as of January 2, 2022. 
 
 The Corporation has an unfunded post-retirement benefits plan which provides certain health care benefits for retired employees who have reached the age of and retired with years of service. The plan was amended in 2013 to include only employees hired prior to January 1, 2000. Benefits are provided for these retired employees and their qualifying dependents from the age of through the age of . 
 
 Interest cost Service cost Actual claims ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 Tax effect ) ) Total 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Net amortization of transition obligation and actuarial loss ) ) Net periodic benefit cost ) Net gain ) ) ) Amortization Total recognized in other comprehensive income ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income ) ) ) 
 
 The estimated net gain that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is ) thousand. 
 
 The weighted average discount rate used to calculate net periodic benefit cost was for year ended December 31, 2022, for year ended December 31, 2021, and for year ended December 31, 2020. The weighted average rate used to calculate accrued benefit obligations was for year ended December 31, 2022, for year ended December 31, 2021, and for year ended December 31, 2020. The health care cost trend rate used to measure the expected costs of benefits is for 2023 and thereafter. 

14. 
 
 years, beginning with the individual s termination of service. A liability is accrued for the obligation under these plans. 
 
 Deferrals, dividends, and changes in fair value ) ) Deferred compensation payments ) ) ) Balance, end of year 

15. 
 
 Current state Deferred federal ) ) ) Deferred state ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Tax exempt income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) ) ) ) Tax credits, net of amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Effect of state tax Other ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 Fair value adjustments business combination Deferred compensation Net operating loss carryover Post-retirement benefits Unrealized loss on interest rate swap Nonaccrual loan interest Accrued expenses Deferred fees and costs Unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale Unrealized loss on securities held-to-maturity Operating lease liability Other Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment Unrealized gain on equity securities Intangibles section 197 Mortgage servicing rights Unrealized gain on interest rate swap Operating lease asset Other Net deferred tax asset 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation had unrecognized tax benefits. The Corporation does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase in the next twelve months. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million related to the acquisition of Bank of Akron, which expire at various dates from 2034 to 2039. The Corporation's ability to utilize carryforwards is limited to thousand per year. Due to this limitation, management determined it is more likely than not that approximately million of net operating loss carryforwards will expire unutilized. 
 
 The Corporation recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters as part of income tax expense. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were amounts accrued for interest and/or penalties and amounts recorded as expense for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 The Corporation and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as filing various state returns. The Corporation is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by the taxing authorities for years prior to 2019. Tax years 2019 through 2022 are open to examination. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 
 New loans and advances Effect of changes in composition of related parties ) Repayments ) Ending balance 
 
 Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

17. 
 
 shares of common stock to be awarded in the form of nonqualified options or restricted stock. For key employees, the vesting of time-based restricted stock is one-third, one-fourth, or one-fifth of the granted restricted shares per year, beginning after the grant date, with vesting on the third, fourth or fifth anniversary of the grant date, respectively. Prior to 2018, for non-employee directors, the vesting schedule was one-third of the granted restricted shares per year, beginning after the grant date, with vested on the third anniversary of the grant date. Beginning in 2018, stock compensation received by non-employee directors vests immediately. All stock-based compensation grants during the years ending December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 and outstanding at December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 were time-based and performance-based restricted stock. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Executive Compensation and Personnel Committee of the Corporation's Board of Directors granted a total of , and shares, respectively, of time-based restricted common stock to certain key employees and all independent directors of the Corporation. 
 
 Compensation expense for the restricted stock awards is recognized over the requisite service period based on the fair value of the shares at the date of grant on a straight-line basis. Non-vested restricted stock awards are recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in-capital in shareholders equity until earned. Compensation expense resulting from time-based, performance-based and director restricted stock awards was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total income tax benefit related to the recognized compensation cost of vested restricted stock awards was thousand, thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 shares in restricted stock awards that were granted to the Corporation s Board of Directors and certain employees at a weighted average fair value of and immediately vested. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested shares granted under the restricted stock award plan. The fair value of shares vesting during the year end December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, thousand and million, respectively. 
 
 In addition to the time-based restricted stock disclosed above, the Corporation s Board of Directors grants performance-based restricted stock awards ("PBRSAs") to key employees. The number of PBRSAs will depend on certain performance conditions earned over a period and are also subject to service-based vesting. In 2022, awards with a maximum of shares in aggregate were granted to key employees. In 2021, awards with a maximum of shares in aggregate were granted to key employees. In 2020, awards with a maximum of shares in aggregate were granted to key employees. 
 
 Total compensation expense related to the PBRSAs and included in the above compensation expense total was thousand, thousand and thousand for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Estimated remaining unearned compensation related to PBRSAs at December 31, 2022 was thousand. 
 
 In 2021, the 2019 PBRSAs were fully earned and in 2022, shares were fully distributed. The fair value of the shares distributed in 2022 was thousand. In 2020, the 2018 PBRSAs were fully earned and in 2021, shares were fully distributed. The fair value of the shares distributed in 2021 was thousand. 
 
 The number of authorized stock-based awards still available for grant as of December 31, 2022 was . 

18. 
 
 classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms alone do not represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion; brokered deposits may not be accepted, renewed or rolled over; and capital restoration plans are required. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the PCA. There are events or conditions since this notification that management believes have changed the Bank s capital category. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 (Core) Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Common equity Tier 1 to Risk Weighted Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 (Core) Capital to Average Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank December 31, 2021 Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 (Core) Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Common equity Tier 1 to Risk Weighted Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 (Core) Capital to Average Assets Consolidated N/A N/A Bank 
 (1) The minimum amounts and ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the full phase in of the capital conservation buffer of percent required by the Basel III framework. 
 
 Certain restrictions exist regarding the ability of the Bank to transfer funds to the Corporation in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. During 2022, million of accumulated net earnings of the Bank included in consolidated shareholders equity, plus any 2023 net profits retained to the date of the dividend declared, is available for distribution to the Corporation as dividends without prior regulatory approval, subject to regulatory capital requirements described above. 

19. 
 
 term and an effective date of September 15, 2018 in order to hedge cash flows associated with million of a subordinated note that was issued by the Corporation during 2007 and elected cash flow hedge accounting for the agreement. The Corporation s objective in using this derivative is to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate risk. The interest rate swap involves the receipt of variable-rate amounts in exchange for fixed-rate payments from September 15, 2018 to September 15, 2023 without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. At December 31, 2022, the variable rate on the subordinated debt was (LIBOR plus basis points) and the Corporation was paying fixed rate plus basis points). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, derivatives were designated as fair value hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. Additionally, the Corporation does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and currently does not have any derivatives that are not designated as hedges. 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Interest rate contract Interest expense subordinated debentures ) Other income For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Interest rate contract Interest expense subordinated debentures ) Other income For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Interest rate contract ) Interest expense subordinated debentures ) Other income 
 
 (a) Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss on Derivative (Effective Portion), net of tax 
 (b) Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion) 
 (c) Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income (Effective Portion) 
 (d) Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
 (e) Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the interest rate swap will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the subordinated debentures. Such amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense in the next twelve months are expected to be a thousand benefit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a cash collateral balance of thousand and million, respectively, was maintained with the counterparty to the interest rate swaps. These balances are included in interest bearing deposits with other banks on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Corporation entered into certain interest rate swap contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments. These derivative contracts relate to transactions in which the Corporation enters into an interest rate swap with a customer while at the same time entering into an offsetting interest rate swap with another financial institution. In connection with each swap transaction, the Corporation agrees to pay interest to the customer on a notional amount at a variable interest rate and receive interest from the customer on a similar notional amount at a fixed interest rate. Concurrently, the Corporation agrees to pay another financial institution the same fixed interest rate on the same notional amount and receive the same variable interest rate on the same notional amount. The transaction allows the Corporation s customers to effectively convert a variable rate loan to a fixed rate. Because the Corporation acts as an intermediary for its customer, changes in the fair value of the underlying derivative contracts offset each other and do not impact the Corporation s results of operations. 
 
 The Corporation pledged cash collateral to another financial institution with a balance thousand as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. This balance is included in interest bearing deposits with other banks on the consolidated balance sheets. The Corporation may require its customers to post cash or securities as collateral on its program of back-to-back swaps depending upon the specific facts and circumstances surrounding each loan and individual swap. In addition, certain language is included in the International Swaps and Derivatives Association agreement and loan documents where, in default situations, the Corporation is permitted to access collateral supporting the loan relationship to recover any losses suffered on the derivative asset or liability. The Corporation may be required to post additional collateral to swap counterparties in the future in proportion to potential increases in unrealized loss positions. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 1 month LIBOR + 
 (a) Customer interest rate swaps ) 1 month LIBOR + 
 ) (b) December 31, 2021 3 rd Party interest rate swaps 
 1 month LIBOR + 
 (a) Customer interest rate swaps ) 1 month LIBOR + 
 ) (b) 
 
 (a) Reported in accrued interest receivable and other assets within the consolidated balance sheets 
 (b) Reported in accrued interest payable and other liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets 

20. 
 
 Unused lines of credit Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to make loans are generally made for periods of 60 days or less. 
 
 Other Off-Balance Sheet Commitments 
 
 The Corporation makes investments in limited partnerships, including certain small business investment corporations and low income housing partnerships. Capital contributions for investments in small business companies ("SBICs") and other limited partnerships, reported in FHLB and other restricted stock holdings and investments on the consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Unfunded capital commitments in investments in SBICs and other limited partnerships totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These investments are accounted for either under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 Qualified Affordable Housing Project Investments 
 
 The carrying value of investments in the low income housing partnerships, reported in FHLB and other restricted stock holdings and investments on the consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. The related amortization for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively. Unfunded commitments, reported in accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments (1) 
 Ending balance 
 (1) Excludes provision for credit losses related to the loan portfolio. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 The Corporation is subject to claims and lawsuits that arise primarily in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management the disposition or ultimate resolution of such claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Corporation. 

21. 
 Equity securities Investment in bank subsidiary Investment in non-bank subsidiaries Deferred assets and current receivables Other assets Total assets Liabilities Subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Non-bank subsidiaries Other Total income Expenses ) ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries: Change in net unrealized holdings gains (losses) on equity securities not held for trading ) ) Income tax benefit Equity in undistributed net income of bank subsidiary Equity in undistributed (distributions in excess) of net income of non-bank subsidiaries ) Net income Dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Net income available to common stockholders Comprehensive income attributable to the parent 
 
 Operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of bank subsidiary ) ) ) (Equity in undistributed) distributions in excess of net income of non bank subsidiaries ) ) Net unrealized (gains) losses on equity securities ) Decrease in other assets Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of equity securities ) ) Outlays for business acquisition ) Investment in bank subsidiaries ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long term debt Repayment of long term debt ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Net advance to subsidiary ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash Cash beginning of year Cash end of year 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 22. 
 
 anti-dilutive stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Basic earnings per common share computation Net income per consolidated statements of income Net earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net earnings allocated to common stock Distributed earnings allocated to common stock Undistributed earnings allocated to common stock Net earnings allocated to common stock Weighted average common shares outstanding, including shares considered participating securities Less: Average participating securities ) ) ) Weighted average shares Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share computation Net earnings allocated to common stock Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Add: Dilutive effects of performance based-shares Weighted average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per common share 

23. ) Less reclassification adjustment for gains recognized in earnings ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Tax effect ) Net-of-tax amount ) ) Amortization of unrealized gains from held-to-maturity securities Tax effect ) Net-of-tax amount Actuarial gain (loss) on postemployment health care plan Net amortization of transition obligation and actuarial gain ) ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on postemployment health care plan Tax effect ) ) ) Net-of-tax amount Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swap ) Less reclassification adjustment for losses recognized in earnings Net unrealized gain (loss) ) Tax effect ) ) Net-of-tax amount ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 120 

Table of Contents ) ) Amortization of unrealized gains from held-to-maturity securities Unrealized gain on postretirement benefits plan Unrealized loss on interest rate swap ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Balance 12/31/20 Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance 12/31/21 Unrealized gains on securities available-for-sale ) ) Unrealized gain on postretirement benefits plan Unrealized loss on interest rate swap ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Balance 1/1/20 Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance 12/31/20 Unrealized gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale Unrealized gain (loss) on postretirement benefits plan Unrealized loss on interest rate swap ) ) ) Total 

24. 

Wealth and asset management fees Mortgage banking (1) 
 Card processing and interchange income Net realized gains on available-for-sale securities (1) 
 Other income Total non-interest income (1) Not within scope of ASC 606 
 
 Management determined that the primary sources of revenue emanating from interest and dividend income on loans and investment securities along with non-interest revenue resulting from security gains, loan servicing, gains on the sale of loans, commitment fees, fees from financial guarantees, certain credit card fees, gains (losses) on sale of other real estate owned not financed by the Corporation, is not within the scope of ASU 2014-9. 
 
 The types of non-interest income within the scope of the standard that are material to the consolidated financial statements are services charges on deposit accounts, wealth and asset management fee income, card processing and interchange income, and other income. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 

25. 
 
 shares with an average price paid, including commissions, of . 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 On March 4, 2022, the Corporation s Audit Committee dismissed Crowe LLP ("Crowe") as the Corporation s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, and all quarterly periods therein. The Corporation s Audit Committee participated in and approved the decision to change its independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 The audit reports of Crowe on the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 
 
 During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the subsequent interim period through March 3, 2022, there were no: (1) disagreements (as that term is used in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with Crowe on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements if not resolved to their satisfaction would have cause them to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with their reports, or (2) reportable events (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Also, on March 4, 2022, the Corporation engaged FORVIS, LLP (formerly known as BKD, LLP) ("FORVIS") as the Corporation s independent registered public accounting firm starting with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. The engagement was approved by the Corporation s Audit Committee. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and through March 3, 2022, the Corporation did not consult with FORVIS with respect to (1) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might have been rendered on the Corporation s consolidated financial statements, or (2) any matters that were either the subject of a disagreement (as that term is used in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Corporation s management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Corporation s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has carried out an evaluation of the design and effectiveness of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that all material information required to be disclosed in reports the Corporation files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of the Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 
 
 The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Corporation s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that the Corporation maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by FORVIS, LLP (formerly known as BKD, LLP), an independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Corporation s financial statements, as stated in their report which is located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ Michael D. Peduzzi /s/ Tito L. Lima President and Chief Executive Officer Treasurer and Principal Financial Officer Date: March 3, 2023 Date: March 3, 2023 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement"), which we will file with the SEC on or before 120 days after our 2022 fiscal year-end, and which will appear in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions "Proposal 1. Election of Directors," "Executive Officers," "Corporate Governance Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee," "Certain Transactions" and "Other Matters Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports." 
 
 The Corporation s Board of Directors has approved a Code of Ethics for Officers and Directors. The Code of Ethics can be found at the Bank s website, www.cnbbank.bank. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, including the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the captions "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Compensation of Executive Officers," "Compensation Committee Report" and "Compensation of Directors." 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, including the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the captions "Stock Ownership" and "Compensation of Executive Officers Equity Compensation Plan Information." 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, including the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the captions "Proposal 1. Election of Directors," "Corporate Governance" and "Certain Transactions." 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, including the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the captions "Corporate Governance Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee," "Proposal No. 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and "Concerning the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) The following consolidated financial statements are set forth in Part II, Item 8: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 , , (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: ); 
 , , (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D.: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a)(2) Financial statement schedules are not applicable or are included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 
 (a)(3) The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report: 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of CNB Financial Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2019) 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of CNB Financial Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2019) 3.3 
 Statement with Respect to Shares of 7.125 Series A Fixed-Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, effective as of August 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020) 4.1 
 Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2022) 4.2 
 Form of Certificate representing the 7.125 Series A Fixed-Rated Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020) 4.3 
 Deposit Agreement, dated August 25, 2020, among CNB Financial Corporation, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020) 4.4 
 Form of Depositary Receipt representing the Depositary Shares (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on August 25, 2020) 4.5 
 Form of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021) 
 10.1 (1) 
 CNB Financial Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2019) 10.2 (1) 
 Form of CNB Financial Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement 10 .3 (1) 
 Form of CNB Financial Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Agreement 1 0.4 (1) 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated October 24, 2019 by and among CNB Financial Corporation, CNB Bank and Joseph B. Bower Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2019) 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 1 0.5 (1) 
 Executive Employment Contract, dated February 8, 2012, by and between CNB Bank and Richard L . Greslick, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2012) 1 0.6 (1) 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 4, 2022, by and between CNB, CNB Bank and Joseph E. Dell, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2022) 1 0.7 (1) 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2020, by and between CNB Financial Corporation, CNB Bank and Tito L. Lima (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2020) 1 0.8 (1) 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated August 30, 2021, by and between CNB Financial Corporation, CNB Bank and Martin T. Griffith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2021) 
 10. 9 (1) 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 22, 2021, by and between CNB Financial Corporation, CNB Bank and Michael Peduzzi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2021) 10. 10 (1) 
 Executive Employment Contract, dated October 7, 2015, by and between CNB Bank and Leanne D. Kassab 10. 1 1 (1) 
 Executive Salary Continuation Plan Agreement, by and between CNB Bank and Joseph B. Bower, Jr., amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2013 10. 1 2 (1) 
 Executive Salary Continuation Plan Agreement, by and between CNB Bank and Richard L. Greslick, Jr., effective as of January 1, 2013 10. 1 3 (1) 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for Michael D. Peduzzi, effective as of January 1, 2022 10. 14 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, by and among CNB Financial Corporation and the Purchasers identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2021) 
 10. 15 (1) 
 Defined Contribution Plan for Tito L. Lima, effective as of January 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2022) 
 10. 1 6 (1) 
 Defined Contribution Plan for Leanne Kassab, effective as of January 1, 2022 
 10. 1 7 (1) 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2005 10.1 8 1) 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 19, 2015 21 
 List of subsidiaries of CNB Financial Corporation, filed herewith 23.1 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP 23.2 
 Consent of Crowe LLP 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 (1) Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: March 3, 2023 By: /s/ Michael D. Peduzzi MICHAEL D. PEDUZZI President Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 3, 2023. 
 
 /s/ Michael D. Peduzzi /s/ Peter F. Smith MICHAEL D. PEDUZZI PETER F. SMITH, Chairman President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Richard L. Greslick, Jr. /s/ Richard B. Seager RICHARD L. GRESLICK, JR. RICHARD B. SEAGER, Director Secretary and Director /s/ Tito L. Lima /s/ Francis X. Straub, III TITO L. LIMA FRANCIS X. STRAUB, III, Director Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ N. Michael Obi /s/ Peter C. Varischetti N. MICHAEL OBI, Director PETER C. VARISCHETTI, Director /s/ Joel E. Peterson /s/ Julie M. Young JOEL E. PETERSON, Director JULIE M. YOUNG, Director /s/ Deborah Dick Pontzer DEBORAH DICK PONTZER, Director /s/ Jeffrey S. Powell JEFFREY S. POWELL, Director /s/ Nicholas N. Scott NICHOLAS N. SCOTT, Director 
 
 129 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 a102formofcnbfinancialco.htm
 EX-10.2

a102formofcnbfinancialco 

CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT COVER SHEET CNB Financial Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company ), hereby grants (the Grant shares of its common stock, no par value per share (the Stock ), to the Grantee named below, subject to the vesting and other conditions set forth below. Additional terms and conditions of the Grant are set forth in this cover sheet and in the attached Restricted Stock Agreement (collectively, the Agreement ), in the Company s 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ), and in any written employment or other written compensatory agreement between you and the Company or any Affiliate (if any, the Employment Agreement ). Grantee s Name: Grant Date: Number of Shares of Stock Covered by the Grant: Purchase Price per Share of Stock: Vesting Start Date: Vesting Schedule: 3-year Subject to your continued Service through each of the applicable vesting dates, one-third (1/3) of the shares of Stock subject to this Grant shall vest on each of the first (1st), second (2nd), and third (3rd) anniversaries of the Vesting Start Date. By your signature below, you agree to all of the terms and conditions described in the Agreement and in the Plan, a copy of which has been made available to you. You acknowledge that you have carefully reviewed the Plan and agree that the Plan will control in the event any provision of this Agreement should appear to be inconsistent with the Plan. Grantee: Date: (Signature) Company: Date: (Signature) Name: Title: Exhibit 10.2 

CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT Restricted Stock This Grant is an award of Stock in the number of shares set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement, at the purchase price set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement, and subject to the vesting and other conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan (the Restricted Stock ). The purchase price, if any, is deemed paid by your prior services to the Company and its Affiliates. Nontransferability To the extent not yet vested, your shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise encumbered, whether by operation of law or otherwise, nor may the shares of Restricted Stock be made subject to execution, attachment, or similar process. If you attempt to do any of these things, you will immediately and automatically forfeit your shares of Restricted Stock. Vesting The Company will issue your Restricted Stock in your name as of the Grant Date set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement. Your Restricted Stock will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule shown on the cover sheet, so long as you continue in Service on each applicable vesting date set forth on the cover sheet (each vesting date, a Vesting Date ). Fractional shares shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share but, if applicable, shall be rounded up or down on the last applicable Vesting Date so that you are eligible to vest in the total number of shares of Stock covered by the Grant; provided, you may not vest in more than the number of shares of Stock covered by the Grant, as set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement. Trading Restrictions If you are subject to any Company blackout policy or other trading restriction imposed by the Company (a Restricted Period on an applicable Vesting Date, any vesting scheduled to occur on such date shall occur instead on the first subsequent date on which you are not subject to any such policy or restriction. For purposes of this provision, you acknowledge that you may be subject to a Restricted Period for any reason that the Company determines appropriate, including Restricted Periods generally applicable to employees or groups of employees or Restricted Periods applicable to you during an investigation of allegations of misconduct by you. Forfeiture of Unvested Stock Unless the termination of your Service triggers accelerated vesting or other treatment of your Grant pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other written agreement between the Company or Affiliate and you (including your Employment Agreement), in the event that your Service terminates for any reason, you will forfeit to the Company all of the shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Grant that have not yet vested or with respect to which all applicable restrictions and conditions have not lapsed. 

Leaves of Absence For purposes of this Agreement, your Service does not terminate when you go on a bona fide employee leave of absence that was approved by the Company or an Affiliate in writing, if the terms of the leave provide for continued Service crediting, or when continued Service crediting is required by applicable law. However, your Service will be treated as terminating ninety (90) days after you went on employee leave, unless your right to return to active work is guaranteed by law or by a contract. Your Service terminates in any event when the approved leave ends unless you immediately return to active employee work. The Company determines, in its sole discretion, which leaves count for this purpose and when your Service terminates for all purposes under the Plan. Vesting upon Termination of Employment Death/Disability/Retirement/Termination without Cause or for Good Reason. If your Service terminates prior to the last Vesting Date for your Restricted Stock because of your death, Disability, Retirement (as defined below), your involuntary termination of employment by the Company without Cause, or your voluntary termination for Good Reason (as defined below), then 100 of your then-unvested shares of Restricted Stock will vest on the effective date of your termination. Other Termination of Employment. If, before the last Vesting Date for your Restricted Stock, you incur a termination of employment for any reason other than those specified above, whether voluntary or involuntary and prior to a Change in Control, you will forfeit all rights to receive any distribution of Restricted Stock. Definitions of Retirement and Good Reason For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions will apply: (i) Retirement means termination of employment with the consent of the Company on or after the normal retirement age defined in any tax-qualified retirement plan maintained by the Company. (ii) Good Reason means the occurrence of either of the following circumstances, without your express written consent: (A) a material diminution in your base salary; or (B) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a resignation will not be considered to have been on account of Good Reason unless: (1) you provide the Company not less than 30 days advance notice in writing within 90 days of the initial occurrence of the condition that is the basis for such Good Reason and the Company does not correct the condition in the 30-day period; and (2) you resign no later than 60 days after the Company s time period for correcting the condition has expired. Change in Control In the event of the consummation of a Change in Control prior to the last Vesting Date and subject to your continued Service through the effective time of the consummation of such Change in Control, then 100 of your then- unvested shares of Restricted Stock will vest as of immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control. 

Issuance The issuance of the shares of Restricted Stock and shares of Stock under this Grant will be evidenced in such a manner as the Company, in its discretion, will deem appropriate, including, without limitation, book-entry or direct registration (including transaction advices) or the issuance of one or more share certificates. As your interest in the Restricted Stock vests, the recordation of the number of shares of Restricted Stock and shares of Stock attributable to you will be appropriately modified. If and to the extent that the shares of Restricted Stock are represented by share certificates rather than book entry, all certificates representing the shares of Restricted Stock issued under this Agreement shall, where applicable, have endorsed appropriate legends. Withholding Taxes You agree, as a condition of this Grant, that you will make acceptable arrangements to pay any withholding or other taxes that may be due as a result of the payment of dividends on or the vesting of shares of Restricted Stock or otherwise relating to this Grant. In the event that the Company or any Affiliate determines that any federal, state, local, or foreign tax or withholding payment is required relating to this Grant, the Company or any Affiliate will have the right to require such payments from you or withhold such amounts from other payments due to you from the Company or any Affiliate. To satisfy this withholding obligation, the Company may provide you with the opportunity, in its discretion, to have the Company withhold shares of Stock otherwise issuable to you or by delivering to the Company shares of Stock already owned by you. If the Company provides you with the foregoing opportunity and you fail to make an election to do either, the Company may determine what method to use, including by withholding shares of Stock otherwise issuable to you. The shares of Stock so delivered or withheld must have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the withholding obligation and may not be subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar requirements. Section 83(b) Election Under Section 83 of the Code, the difference between the purchase price paid for the shares of Stock and their Fair Market Value on the date any forfeiture restrictions applicable to such shares lapse will be reportable as ordinary income at that time. For this purpose, forfeiture restrictions include the forfeiture as to unvested Stock described above. You may elect to be taxed at the time the shares of Restricted Stock are acquired, rather than when such shares cease to be subject to such forfeiture restrictions, by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within thirty (30) days after the Grant Date. You will have to make a tax payment to the extent the purchase price is less than the Fair Market Value of the shares on the Grant Date. No tax payment will have to be made to the extent the purchase price is at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares on the Grant Date. The form for making this election is attached as Exhibit A hereto. Failure to make this filing within the thirty (30)-day period will result in the recognition of ordinary income by you (in the event the Fair Market Value of the shares as of the Vesting Date exceeds the purchase price) as the forfeiture restrictions lapse. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY, AND NOT THE COMPANY S, TO FILE A TIMELY ELECTION UNDER CODE SECTION 83(b), EVEN IF YOU REQUEST THE COMPANY OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE THIS FILING ON YOUR BEHALF. YOU ARE RELYING SOLELY ON YOUR OWN ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE DECISION AS TO WHETHER OR NOT TO FILE ANY CODE SECTION 83(b) ELECTION. 

Retention Rights This Agreement and the Grant do not give you the right to be retained or employed by the Company or any Affiliate in any capacity. Unless otherwise specified in an employment or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you (including your Employment Agreement), the Company and any Affiliate reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time and for any reason. Stockholder Rights You have the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock and to receive any dividends declared or paid with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock. Any distributions you receive as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be deemed to be a part of the Restricted Stock and subject to the same conditions and restrictions applicable thereto. No adjustments are made for dividends, distributions, or other rights if the applicable record date occurs before your certificate is issued (or an appropriate book entry is made), except as described in the Plan. Your Restricted Stock will be subject to the terms of any applicable agreement of merger, liquidation, or reorganization in the event the Company is subject to such corporate activity. 

Forfeiture of Rights Unless otherwise provided in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you, if you should take actions in competition with the Company, or violate the non-solicitation covenant below, the Company shall have the right to cause a forfeiture of your unvested shares of Restricted Stock, and with respect to those shares of Restricted Stock vesting during the period commencing twelve (12) months prior to your termination of Service with the Company, the right to cause a forfeiture of those vested shares of Stock. Unless otherwise provided in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you, you take actions in competition with the Company if, during your Service with the Company or its Affiliates or for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, you directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, or control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or are a proprietor, director, officer, stockholder, member, partner, or an employee or agent of, or a consultant to any business, firm, Company, partnership, or other entity which competes with any business in which the Company or any of its Affiliates is engaged during your employment or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates or at the time of your termination of Service. Under the prior sentence, ownership of less than one percent (1 of the securities of a public company shall not be treated as an action in competition with the Company. If the meaning of competition set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement is inconsistent with the meaning set forth in this Agreement, then the definition set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement shall control. Unless otherwise provided in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you, you take actions in violation of the non-solicitation covenant during your Service with the Company or its Affiliates or for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, you directly or indirectly solicit, hire, induce, entice or encourage or attempt to solicit, hire, induce, entice or encourage any employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates to render services for any other person, firm, entity or corporation or, except in the performance of your duties for the Company or its Affiliates, to terminate his or her employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. If the meaning of violating the non-solicitation covenant set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement is inconsistent with the meaning set forth in this Agreement, then the definition set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement shall control. Clawback This Grant is subject to mandatory repayment by you to the Company to the extent you are or in the future become subject to (i) any Company clawback or recoupment policy or (ii) any law, rule, or regulation that requires the repayment by you to the Company of compensation paid by the Company to you in the event that you fail to comply with, or violate, the terms or requirements of such policy or law, rule, or regulation. If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to (i) the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws or (ii) your misconduct (a Triggering Event ), you will reimburse the Company the amount of any payment in settlement of this Grant earned or accrued during the three-year (3-year) period preceding the Triggering Event. Applicable Law This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, other than any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. 

The Plan The text of the Plan is incorporated into the Agreement by reference. Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are defined in the Plan and have the meaning set forth in the Plan. This Agreement, the Plan, and your Employment Agreement constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this Grant of Restricted Stock. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning this Grant are superseded; except that any written employment, consulting, confidentiality, non-solicitation, and/or severance agreement between you and the Company or any Affiliate will supersede this Agreement with respect to its subject matter. Data Privacy To administer the Plan, the Company may process personal data about you. Such data includes, but is not limited to, the information provided in this Agreement and any changes thereto, other appropriate personal and financial data about you, such as your contact information and payroll information, and any other information that might be deemed appropriate by the Company to facilitate the administration of the Plan. By accepting this Grant, you give explicit consent to the Company to process any such personal data. Consent to Electronic Delivery The Company may choose to deliver certain statutory materials relating to the Plan in electronic form. By accepting this Grant you agree that the Company may deliver the Plan prospectus and the Company s annual report to you in an electronic format. If at any time you would prefer to receive paper copies of these documents, as you are entitled to, the Company would be pleased to provide copies. Please contact the Company s Human Resources Department to request paper copies of these documents. Code Section 409A The Grant is intended to be exempt from, or to comply with, Code Section 409A to the extent subject thereto, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement will be interpreted and administered to be in compliance with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, neither the Company, its Affiliates, the Board, nor the Committee will have any obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any excise tax or penalty on you under Code Section 409A, and neither the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, the Committee, nor any person acting on behalf of the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, or the Committee will be liable to you or to your estate or beneficiary by reason of any acceleration of income or any additional tax (including any interest and penalties), asserted by reason of the failure of the grant to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A or otherwise asserted with respect to the Grant. By signing the Agreement, you agree to all of the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 a103formofcnbfinancialco.htm
 EX-10.3

a103formofcnbfinancialco 

CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT COVER SHEET CNB Financial Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation (the Company ), hereby grants (the Grant shares of its common stock, no par value per share (the Stock ), to the Grantee named below, subject to the achievement of performance factors over a performance period and other conditions set forth below. Additional terms and conditions of the Grant are set forth in this cover sheet and in the attached Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (collectively, the Agreement ), in the Company s 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ), and in any written employment or other written compensatory agreement between you and the Company or any Affiliate (if any, the Employment Agreement ). Grantee s Name: Grant Date: Target Number of Shares of Stock Covered by the Grant: Maximum Number of Shares of Stock Covered by the Grant: Purchase Price per Share of Stock: Performance Period: By your signature below, you agree to all of the terms and conditions described in the Agreement and in the Plan, a copy of which has been made available to you. You acknowledge that you have carefully reviewed the Plan and agree that the Plan will control in the event any provision of this Agreement should appear to be inconsistent with the Plan. Grantee: Date: (Signature) Company: Date: (Signature) Name: Title: Exhibit 10.3 

CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT Restricted Stock This Grant is an award of Stock in the number of shares set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement, at the purchase price set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan (the Restricted Stock ). The purchase price, if any, is deemed paid by your prior services to the Company and its Affiliates. Nontransferability To the extent not yet vested, your shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise encumbered, whether by operation of law or otherwise, nor may the shares of Restricted Stock be made subject to execution, attachment, or similar process. If you attempt to do any of these things, you will immediately and automatically forfeit your shares of Restricted Stock. Vesting The Company will issue your Restricted Stock in your name as of the Grant Date set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement. The number of shares of Stock, if any, that are eligible to vest pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (the Eligible Stock will be calculated based on the attainment, as determined by the Committee, of the performance factors described in Exhibit A to this Agreement (the Performance Factors over the Performance Period set forth on the cover sheet, which number of shares of Eligible Stock may be equal to all or a portion, including none, of the Target Number of Shares of Stock set forth on the cover sheet of this Agreement. Promptly following the completion of the Performance Period (and no later than seventy-five (75) days following the end of the Performance Period), the Committee will review and certify in writing (i) whether, and to what extent, the Performance Factors for the Performance Period have been achieved and (ii) the number of shares of Eligible Stock. Such certification will be final, conclusive, and binding. If the Committee s certification of the Performance Factors produces a fractional share of Eligible Stock, the number of shares of Eligible Stock shall be rounded down to the next whole integer. Your right to the Eligible Stock will vest on the Vesting Date (as defined in Exhibit A to this Agreement), subject to your continued Service through the Vesting Date. Trading Restrictions If you are subject to any Company blackout policy or other trading restriction imposed by the Company (a Restricted Period on the Vesting Date, any vesting scheduled to occur on such date shall occur instead on the first subsequent date on which you are not subject to any such policy or restriction. For purposes of this provision, you acknowledge that you may be subject to a Restricted Period for any reason that the Company determines appropriate, including Restricted Periods generally applicable to employees or groups of employees or Restricted Periods applicable to you during an investigation of allegations of misconduct by you. 

Forfeiture of Unvested Stock Unless the termination of your Service triggers accelerated vesting or other treatment of your Grant pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Plan, or any other written agreement between the Company or Affiliate and you (including your Employment Agreement), in the event that your Service terminates for any reason, you will forfeit to the Company all of the shares of Restricted Stock subject to this Grant that have not yet vested or with respect to which all applicable restrictions and conditions have not lapsed. Leaves of Absence For purposes of this Agreement, your Service does not terminate when you go on a bona fide employee leave of absence that was approved by the Company or an Affiliate in writing, if the terms of the leave provide for continued Service crediting, or when continued Service crediting is required by applicable law. However, your Service will be treated as terminating ninety (90) days after you went on employee leave, unless your right to return to active work is guaranteed by law or by a contract. Your Service terminates in any event when the approved leave ends unless you immediately return to active employee work. The Company determines, in its sole discretion, which leaves count for this purpose and when your Service terminates for all purposes under the Plan. Issuance The issuance of the shares of Restricted Stock and shares of Stock under this Grant will be evidenced in such a manner as the Company, in its discretion, will deem appropriate, including, without limitation, book-entry or direct registration (including transaction advices) or the issuance of one or more share certificates. As your interest in the Restricted Stock vests, the recordation of the number of shares of Restricted Stock and shares of Stock attributable to you will be appropriately modified. If and to the extent that the shares of Restricted Stock are represented by share certificates rather than book entry, all certificates representing the shares of Restricted Stock issued under this Agreement shall, where applicable, have endorsed appropriate legends. Vesting upon Termination of Employment Death/Disability/Retirement/Termination without Cause or for Good Reason. If your Service terminates prior to the Vesting Date because of your death, Disability, Retirement (as defined below), your involuntary termination of employment by the Company without Cause, or your voluntary termination for Good Reason (as defined below), then you will vest as of the date of such termination in a pro rata portion of the shares of Eligible Stock measured as of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (that is, the shares of Eligible Stock that would have otherwise been payable to you to the extent the Performance Goals are achieved as described in Exhibit A to this Agreement), with such pro rata portion calculated by multiplying the shares of Eligible Stock by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of full months that you were employed during the Performance Period, and the denominator of which equals 36. If the Committee cannot determine the extent to which the Performance Goals have been achieved for the most recently completed fiscal quarter, you will vest in a pro rata portion of the Target Number of Shares of Stock, with such pro rata portion calculated as described above. Other Termination of Employment. If, before the Vesting Date, you incur a termination of employment for any reason other than those specified above, whether voluntary or involuntary and prior to a Change in Control, you will forfeit all rights to receive any distribution of Restricted Stock. 

Definitions of Retirement and Good Reason For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions will apply: (i) Retirement means termination of employment with the consent of the Company on or after the normal retirement age defined in any tax-qualified retirement plan maintained by the Company. (ii) Good Reason means the occurrence of either of the following circumstances, without your express written consent: (A) a material diminution in your base salary; or (B) a material diminution in your authority, duties, or responsibilities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a resignation will not be considered to have been on account of Good Reason unless: (1) you provide the Company not less than 30 days advance notice in writing within 90 days of the initial occurrence of the condition that is the basis for such Good Reason and the Company does not correct the condition in the 30-day period; and (2) you resign by no later than 60 days after the Company s time period for correcting the condition has expired. Change in Control In the event of the consummation of a Change in Control during the Performance Period and subject to your continued Service through the effective time of the consummation of such Change in Control, then you will vest, as of immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control, in a pro rata portion of the shares of Eligible Stock measured as of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (that is, the shares of Eligible Stock that would have otherwise been payable to you to the extent the Performance Goals are achieved as described in Exhibit A to this Agreement), with such pro rata portion calculated by multiplying the shares of Eligible Stock by a fraction, the numerator of which equals the number of full months during the Performance Period prior to such Change in Control, and the denominator of which equals 36. If the Committee cannot determine the extent to which the Performance Goals have been achieved for the most recently completed fiscal quarter, you will vest in a pro rata portion of the Target Number of Shares of Stock, with such pro rata portion calculated as described above. Withholding Taxes You agree, as a condition of this Grant, that you will make acceptable arrangements to pay any withholding or other taxes that may be due as a result of the payment of dividends on or the vesting of shares of Restricted Stock or otherwise relating to this Grant. In the event that the Company or any Affiliate determines that any federal, state, local, or foreign tax or withholding payment is required relating to this Grant, the Company or any Affiliate will have the right to require such payments from you or withhold such amounts from other payments due to you from the Company or any Affiliate. To satisfy this withholding obligation, the Company may provide you with the opportunity, in its discretion, to have the Company withhold shares of Stock otherwise issuable to you or by delivering to the Company shares of Stock already owned by you. If the Company provides you with the foregoing opportunity and you fail to make an election to do either, the Company may determine what method to use, including by withholding shares of Stock otherwise issuable to you. The shares of Stock so delivered or withheld must have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the withholding obligation and may not be subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar requirements. 

Retention Rights This Agreement and the Grant do not give you the right to be retained or employed by the Company or any Affiliate in any capacity. Unless otherwise specified in an employment or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you (including your Employment Agreement), the Company and any Affiliate reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time and for any reason. Stockholder Rights You have the right to vote the shares of Restricted Stock and, subject to this provision, to receive any dividends declared or paid with respect to such shares of Restricted Stock. Any distributions you receive as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be deemed to be a part of the Restricted Stock and subject to the same conditions and restrictions applicable thereto. Any cash dividend with respect to the Restricted Stock (including the Eligible Stock) will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock. Any such cash dividends will be accrued from the Grant Date to the date on which the shares of Restricted Stock vest, and such cash dividends will be paid to you as soon as practicable after the date on which your shares of Restricted Stock vest and, in any event, no later than March 15th of the calendar year after your shares of Restricted Stock vest. No adjustments are made for dividends, distributions, or other rights if the applicable record date occurs before your certificate is issued (or an appropriate book entry is made), except as described in the Plan. Your Restricted Stock will be subject to the terms of any applicable agreement of merger, liquidation, or reorganization in the event the Company is subject to such corporate activity. 

Forfeiture of Rights Unless otherwise provided in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you, if you should take actions in competition with the Company, or violate the non-solicitation covenant below, the Company shall have the right to cause a forfeiture of your unvested shares of Restricted Stock, and with respect to those shares of Restricted Stock vesting during the period commencing twelve (12) months prior to your termination of Service with the Company, the right to cause a forfeiture of those vested shares of Stock. Unless otherwise provided in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you, you take actions in competition with the Company if, during your Service with the Company or its Affiliates or for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, you directly or indirectly, own, manage, operate, join, or control, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or are a proprietor, director, officer, stockholder, member, partner, or an employee or agent of, or a consultant to any business, firm, Company, partnership, or other entity which competes with any business in which the Company or any of its Affiliates is engaged during your employment or other relationship with the Company or its Affiliates or at the time of your termination of Service. Under the prior sentence, ownership of less than one percent (1 of the securities of a public company shall not be treated as an action in competition with the Company. If the meaning of competition set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement is inconsistent with the meaning set forth in this Agreement, then the definition set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement shall control. Unless otherwise provided in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and you, you take actions in violation of the non-solicitation covenant during your Service with the Company or its Affiliates or for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, you directly or indirectly solicit, hire, induce, entice or encourage or attempt to solicit, hire, induce, entice or encourage any employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates to render services for any other person, firm, entity or corporation or, except in the performance of your duties for the Company or its Affiliates, to terminate his or her employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. If the meaning of violating the non-solicitation covenant set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement is inconsistent with the meaning set forth in this Agreement, then the definition set forth in your Employment Agreement or other written agreement shall control. Clawback This Grant is subject to mandatory repayment by you to the Company to the extent you are or in the future become subject to (i) any Company clawback or recoupment policy or (ii) any law, rule, or regulation that requires the repayment by you to the Company of compensation paid by the Company to you in the event that you fail to comply with, or violate, the terms or requirements of such policy or law, rule, or regulation. If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to (i) the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws or (ii) your misconduct (a Triggering Event ), you will reimburse the Company the amount of any payment in settlement of this Grant earned or accrued during the three-year (3-year) period preceding the Triggering Event. 

Applicable Law This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, other than any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. The Plan The text of the Plan is incorporated into the Agreement by reference. Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement are defined in the Plan and have the meaning set forth in the Plan. This Agreement, the Plan, and your Employment Agreement constitute the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding this Grant of Restricted Stock. Any prior agreements, commitments, or negotiations concerning this Grant are superseded; except that any written employment, consulting, confidentiality, non-solicitation, and/or severance agreement between you and the Company or any Affiliate will supersede this Agreement with respect to its subject matter. Data Privacy To administer the Plan, the Company may process personal data about you. Such data includes, but is not limited to, the information provided in this Agreement and any changes thereto, other appropriate personal and financial data about you, such as your contact information and payroll information, and any other information that might be deemed appropriate by the Company to facilitate the administration of the Plan. By accepting this Grant, you give explicit consent to the Company to process any such personal data. Consent to Electronic Delivery The Company may choose to deliver certain statutory materials relating to the Plan in electronic form. By accepting this Grant you agree that the Company may deliver the Plan prospectus and the Company s annual report to you in an electronic format. If at any time you would prefer to receive paper copies of these documents, as you are entitled to, the Company would be pleased to provide copies. Please contact the Company s Human Resources Department to request paper copies of these documents. Code Section 409A The Grant is intended to be exempt from, or to comply with, Code Section 409A to the extent subject thereto, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement will be interpreted and administered to be in compliance with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, neither the Company, its Affiliates, the Board, nor the Committee will have any obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any excise tax or penalty on you under Code Section 409A, and neither the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, the Committee, nor any person acting on behalf of the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, or the Committee will be liable to you or to your estate or beneficiary by reason of any acceleration of income or any additional tax (including any interest and penalties), asserted by reason of the failure of the grant to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A or otherwise asserted with respect to the Grant. By signing the Agreement, you agree to all of the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan. 

EXHIBIT A NUMBER AND VESTING OF ELIGIBLE STOCK The shares of Eligible Stock are subject to both the Performance-Based Vesting Requirements and Time- Based Vesting Requirements set forth below. Performance-Based Vesting Requirements: Promptly following the end of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine your number of shares of Eligible Stock based on the Committee s assessment of the achievement of the following performance factors (together, the Performance Factors during the Performance Period: the [EPS Performance Factor] and the [ROAE Performance Factor]. The Committee will assess each of the Performance Factors independently, as outlined below, and thereby determine the [EPS Award] and [ROAE Award]. The sum of the [EPS Award] and [ROAE Award], rounded to the nearest whole share, will determine the number of Actual Performance Shares. In no event may you earn more than the Maximum Number of Shares of Stock as set forth on the cover sheet of the Agreement. Determination of [EPS Award] Half of the Target Number of Shares of Stock is multiplied by the [EPS Performance Factor] to determine your [EPS Award]. The Committee will calculate the [EPS Award] based on the Company s annual cumulative growth rate during the Performance Period [( EPS Growth )] relative to the Industry Index (as defined below). The Committee will calculate [EPS Growth] for the Company and for each other company in the Industry Index for the Performance Period by dividing (x) [the sum of the company s diluted earnings per share for each of the years during the Performance Period] by (y) [the company s diluted earnings per share for the calendar year prior to the Performance Period], based on data available to the public. The [ EPS Performance Factor ] will be based on the Company s percentile ranking of its [EPS Growth] among the companies in the Industry Index, as determined under the following table: [EPS Growth] Percentile Ranking [EPS Performance] Factor ) At or above the [ ] Percentile (Top [ ] [ ] At the [ ] Percentile [ ] At the [ ] Percentile [ ] Below the [ ] Percentile (Bottom [ ] [ ] For performance between stated ranking in the table above, the performance factor is determined using a straight-line interpolation. For purposes of this Agreement, the Industry Index will consist of the [ ] as of the first trading day of the Performance Period. If any company in the Industry Index has a negative diluted earnings per share in the calendar year prior to the Performance Period, the Committee will not calculate [EPS Growth] for such company, but such company will remain included in the Industry Index for purposes of determining the Company s [EPS Growth] Percentile Ranking. Also, if an Industry Index component company is acquired or is delisted from the major exchange during the Performance Period, such company will be excluded from the Industry Index and the total sample size will be reduced. Diluted earnings per share will be determined after making adjustments to exclude the following: (a) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or provisions affecting reported results; 

(b) any reorganization and restructuring programs; and (c) acquisitions or divestitures and related expenses. For clarity, no [EPS Award] will be earned if the Company s [EPS Growth] Percentile Ranking is below the [ ] Percentile. Determination of [ROAE Award] Half of the Target Number of Shares of Stock is multiplied by the [ROAE Performance Factor] to determine your [ROAE Award]. The Committee will calculate the [ROAE Award] based on the Company s achievement of [Return on Average Equity ROAE )] during the Performance Period relative to the Industry Index (as defined below). The Committee will calculate the [ROAE] for the Company and for each other company in the Industry Index for the Performance Period based on data available to the public. The [ ROAE Performance Factor ] will be based on the Company s percentile ranking of its [ROAE] among the companies in the Industry Index, as determined under the following table: [ROAE] Percentile Ranking [ROAE Performance Factor] ) At or above the [ ] Percentile (Top [ ] [ ] At the [ ] Percentile [ ] At the [ ] Percentile [ ] Below the [ ] Percentile (Bottom [ ] [ ] For performance between stated ranking in the table above, the performance factor is determined using a straight-line interpolation. For purposes of this Agreement, the Industry Index will consist of the [ ] as of the first trading day of the Performance Period; provided that, if an Industry Index component company is acquired or is delisted from the major exchange during the Performance Period, such company will be excluded from the Industry Index and the total sample size will be reduced. [ROAE] will be determined after making adjustments to exclude the following: (a) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or provisions affecting reported results; (b) any reorganization and restructuring programs; and (c) acquisitions or divestitures and related expenses. For clarity, no [ROAE Award] will be earned if the Company s [ROAE] Percentile Ranking is below the [ ] Percentile. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.10>
 4
 a1010executiveemployment.htm
 EX-10.10

a1010executiveemployment 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 5
 a1011executivesalarycont.htm
 EX-10.11

a1011executivesalarycont 

Exhibit 10.11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 6
 a1012executivesalarycont.htm
 EX-10.12

a1012executivesalarycont 

Exhibit 10.12 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 7
 a1013supplementalexecuti.htm
 EX-10.13

a1013supplementalexecuti 

Exhibit 10.13 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.16>
 8
 a1016definedcontribution.htm
 EX-10.16

a1016definedcontribution 

Exhibit 10.16 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 9
 a1017executivedeferredco.htm
 EX-10.17

a1017executivedeferredco 

Exhibit 10.17 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 10
 a1018executivedeferredco.htm
 EX-10.18

a1018executivedeferredco 

Exhibit 10.18 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21>
 11
 ccne12312022ex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 CNB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Form 10-K For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization CNB Bank Banking Association Chartered in Pennsylvania Incorporated in Pennsylvania CNB Securities Corporation Investment Holding Company Incorporated in Delaware Holiday Financial Services Corporation Consumer Loan Company Incorporated in Pennsylvania CNB Insurance Agency Insurance and Annuity Agency Incorporated in Pennsylvania CNB Risk Management, Inc. Captive Insurance Company Incorporated in Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 ccne12312022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3MEF (No. 333-267435), Form S-3 A (No. 333-236018), Form S-3D (No. 333-163047), and Form S-8 (No. 333-231505) of our report dated March 3, 2023 on our audit of the consolidated financial statements of CNB Financial Corporation (the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 3, 2023 on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

s FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 13
 ccne12312022ex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-267435 on Form S-3MEF, Registration Statement No. 333-236018 on Form S-3 A, Registration Statement No. 333-163047 on Form S-3D and Registration Statement No. 333-231505 on Form S-8 of CNB Financial Corporation of our report dated March 3, 2022 relating to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 s Crowe LLP 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 ccne12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Michael D. Peduzzi, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CNB Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 3, 2023 s Michael D. Peduzzi Michael D. Peduzzi President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 ccne12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Tito L. Lima, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CNB Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 3, 2023 s Tito L. Lima Tito L. Lima Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 ccne12312022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Michael D. Peduzzi, President and Chief Executive Officer of CNB Financial Corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 
 
 s Michael D. Peduzzi Michael D. Peduzzi Date March 3, 2023 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 ccne12312022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Tito L. Lima, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of CNB Financial Corporation (the Corporation ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

s Tito L. Lima Tito L. Lima Dated March 3, 2023 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 ccne-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 ccne-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 ccne-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 ccne-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 ccne-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

