<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1331465_0001331465-23-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15581869</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>504736</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2088146</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6402226</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3335247</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2925197</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001331465-23-000053.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310132106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001331465-23-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001331465
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FEDERAL & FEDERALLY-SPONSORED CREDIT AGENCIES [6111]
		IRS NUMBER:				316000228
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51845
		FILM NUMBER:		23722887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1475 PEACHTREE STREET, N.E.
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-888-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1475 PEACHTREE STREET, N.E.
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001331465-23-000053.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 fhlba-20221231.htm
 10-K

fhlba-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Federally chartered corporation (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 _____________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Class B Stock, par value 100 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Registrant s stock is not publicly traded and is only issued to members of the registrant. Such stock is issued and redeemed at par value, 100 per share, subject to certain regulatory and statutory limits. As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate par value of the stock held by current and former members of the registrant was . As of February 28, 2023, total shares were outstanding, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock . 

Table of Conten t s 

 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I. Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 26 
 PART II. Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 61 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 106 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 106 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 106 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 106 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 117 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 140 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 141 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 142 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 143 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 145 
 SIGNATURES 
 145 

Table of Conten t s 

Important Notice About Information in this Annual Report 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K (Report), unless the context suggests otherwise, references to the Bank mean the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. FHLBanks means the 11 district Federal Home Loan Banks, including the Bank, and FHLBank System means the FHLBanks and the Federal Home Loan Banks Office of Finance (Office of Finance), as regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency). FHLBank Act means the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended. 
 The information contained in this Report is accurate only as of the date of this Report and as of the dates specified herein. 
 The product and service names used in this Report are the property of the Bank and, in some cases, the other FHLBanks. Where the context suggests otherwise, the products, services, and company names mentioned in this Report are the property of their respective owners. 

Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 
 This Report includes statements describing anticipated developments, projections, estimates, or future predictions of the Bank that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same regulations. These statements may use forward-looking terminology such as, but not limited to, anticipates, believes, expects, plans, intends, may, could, estimates, assumes, should, will, likely, or their negatives or other variations on these terms. The Bank cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks or uncertainties, including the risk factors set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors and the risks set forth below. Accordingly, the Bank cautions that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements or could impact the extent to which a particular objective, projection, estimate, or prediction is realized. As a result, the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Bank does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement herein or that may be made from time to time on its behalf. 
 
 Forward-looking statements in this report may include, among others, the Bank s expectations for: 
 
 the Bank s business strategy and changes in operations, including, without limitation, product growth and change in product mix; 
 
 future performance, including profitability, dividends, retained earnings, developments, or market forecasts; 
 
 repurchases of stock in excess of a stockholder s total stock investment requirement (excess stock); 
 
 credit losses on advances and investments in mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities (MBS); 
 
 balance sheet changes and components thereof, such as changes in advances balances and the size of the Bank s portfolio of investments in mortgage assets; 
 
 the Bank s minimum retained earnings target; 
 
 the interest rate environment in which the Bank does business; 
 
 forward-looking accounting and financial statement effects; and 
 
 other factors identified and discussed in the Bank s public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 
 Actual results may differ from forward-looking statements for many reasons including, but not limited to: 
 
 future economic and market conditions, including, for example, inflation and deflation, the timing and volume of market activity; general consumer confidence and spending habits; the strength of local economies in which the Bank or its members conducts its business; housing prices, employment rates, and interest-rate changes that affect the housing markets; 
 
 4 

Table of Conten t s 

 changes in the demand for the Bank s advances and other products and services resulting from changes in members deposit flows and credit demands, as well as from changes in other sources of funding and liquidity available to members; 
 
 changes in the financial health of the Bank s members; 
 
 volatility of market prices, rates, and indices that could affect the value of collateral held by the Bank as security for the obligations of Bank members and counterparties to derivatives and similar agreements; 
 
 the risk of changes in market interest rates and in interest-rate on the Bank s sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 
 uncertainties related to the phase-out of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) interest-rate benchmark; 
 
 changes in various governmental monetary or fiscal policies, as well as legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and related industry practices and standards, or the application thereof; 
 
 changes in the credit ratings of the U.S. government and/or the FHLBanks; 
 
 political, national, and world events, including acts of war, terrorism, natural disasters, global pandemics or other catastrophic events, and legislative, regulatory, judicial, or other developments that affect the economy, the Bank s market area, the Bank, its members, counterparties, its federal regulators, and/or investors in the consolidated obligations of the FHLBanks; 
 
 competitive forces, including other sources of funding available to Bank members, and other entities borrowing funds in the capital markets; 
 
 the ability to attract and retain skilled individuals, including qualified executive officers; 
 
 the Bank s ability to develop, implement, promote the efficient performance of, and support and safeguard, technology and information systems, including those provided by third-parties, sufficient to measure and effectively manage the risks of the Bank s business without significant interruption; 
 
 changes in investor demand for consolidated obligations of the FHLBanks and/or the terms of derivatives and similar agreements, including changes in investor preference and demand for certain terms of these instruments, which may be less attractive to the Bank, or which the Bank may be unable to offer; 
 
 the Bank s ability to introduce, support, and manage the growth of new products and services and to successfully manage the risks associated with those products and services; 
 
 the Bank s ability to successfully manage the credit and other risks associated with any new types of collateral securing advances; 
 
 the availability from acceptable counterparties, upon acceptable terms, of swaps, options, and other derivative financial instruments of the types and in the quantities needed for investment funding and risk-management purposes; 
 
 the uncertainty and costs of litigation, including litigation filed against one or more of the FHLBanks; 
 
 membership changes, including changes resulting from mergers or changes in the principal place of business of Bank members, which could result in decreased advances or other business from such members; 
 
 changes in the FHLBank Act or Finance Agency regulations that affect FHLBank operations and regulatory oversight or changes in other statutes or regulations applicable to the FHLBanks; and 
 
 adverse developments or events affecting or involving one or more other FHLBanks or the FHLBank System in general. 
 These risk factors are not exhaustive. New risk factors may emerge from time to time. The Bank cannot predict such new risk factors nor can it assess the impact, if any, of such new risk factors on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by any forward-looking statements. 
 5 

Table of Conten t s 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 
 
 General. The Bank is a federally chartered corporation that was organized in 1932 and is one of 11 district FHLBanks. The FHLBanks, along with the Office of Finance, comprise the FHLBank System. The FHLBanks are U.S. government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) organized under the authority of the FHLBank Act. Each FHLBank operates as a separate entity within a defined geographic district and has its own management, employees, and board of directors. The Bank s defined geographic district includes Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The Bank is supervised and regulated by the Finance Agency, an independent federal agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government. 
 
 Cooperative. The Bank is a cooperative owned by member institutions that are required to meet certain eligibility criteria and purchase capital stock in the Bank as a condition of membership. Federally insured depository institutions, insurance companies, privately insured state-chartered credit unions, and community development financial institutions (CDFIs) with principal place of business located in the Bank s defined geographic district and engaged in residential housing finance can be eligible to apply for membership. The Bank s capital stock is not publicly traded and is owned entirely by current or former members and certain non-members that own the Bank s capital stock as a result of a merger with or acquisition of a Bank member. The Bank s membership totaled 797 financial institutions, comprised of 433 commercial banks, 240 credit unions, 52 savings institutions, 59 insurance companies, and 13 CDFIs as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Business Model. As a cooperative, the Bank s customers are also its owners. The Bank strategically focuses on positioning itself with its membership in a number of ways to enhance their total value in the cooperative by providing readily available, competitively priced funding , a potential return on investments, support for community investment activities, and other credit and noncredit products and services, including education opportunities on a range of topics to its member institutions. The Bank serves the public by providing its member institutions with a source of liquidity, thereby enhancing the availability of credit for residential mortgages and targeted community developments. The Bank primarily supports this mission by offering collateralized loans, known as advances, to its members. 
 
 The Bank s primary source of funds is proceeds from the sale of FHLBank debt instruments to the public. These debt instruments, known as consolidated obligations, are the joint and several obligations of all the FHLBanks. Because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the FHLBanks are generally able to raise funds at favorable rates. The Bank s cooperative ownership structure allows the Bank to pass along the benefit of these low funding rates to its members. The U.S. government does not guarantee the debt securities or other obligations of the Bank or the FHLBank System. 
 
 Business. The Bank manages its operations as one business segment. Management and the Bank s board of directors review enterprise-wide financial information in order to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 
 Based on the applicable regulation, the mission of the Bank is to provide to their members and housing associates financial products and services, including but not limited to advances, that assist and enhance such members' and housing associates' financing of: (1) housing, including single-family and multi-family housing serving consumers at all income levels; and (2) community lending. As part of their mission, the FHLBanks serve as a reliable source of liquidity to their members throughout the economic cycle. The Finance Agency issued an Advisory Bulletin providing further guidance on FHLBank core mission achievement. The Advisory Bulletin provides that when developing its strategic business plan with respect to core mission, FHLBanks should consider the guidelines established in the Advisory Bulletin. Pursuant to the Advisory Bulletin, the Finance Agency will assess each FHLBank s core mission achievement by evaluating its core mission asset ratio, calculated as the ratio of primary mission assets, which include advances and acquired member assets, to consolidated obligations. This ratio is calculated annually at year-end, using annual average par values. Based on this ratio, the Finance Agency has provided the following expectations and framework for each FHLBank s strategic plan: 
 
 when the ratio is at least 70 percent or higher, the strategic plan should include an assessment of the FHLBank s prospects for maintaining this level; 
 
 when the ratio is at least 55 percent but less than 70 percent, the strategic plan should explain the FHLBank s plan to bring the ratio closer to the preferred ratio; and 
 
 6 

Table of Conten t s 

 when the ratio is below 55 percent, the strategic plan should include an explanation of the circumstances that caused the ratio to be at that level and detailed plans to increase the ratio. If the FHLBank maintains a ratio below 55 percent over the course of several consecutive reviews, then the board of directors should consider possible strategic alternatives. 
 
 The Bank s core mission activities primarily include the issuance of advances. The Bank s core mission asset ratio was 72.2 percent and 63.3 percent as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Bank s mission activities also include the Bank s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) which provides low to no cost funding to finance rental and for-sale housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-income households. Each FHLBank must set aside 10 percent of its income subject to assessment for AHP, or such additional prorated sums as may be required so that the aggregate annual contribution of the FHLBanks is not less than 100 million. The AHP program will be discussed in more detail in Item 1 . Business Community Investment S ervices . 
 
 Under the FHLBank Act, the Bank is exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation, except employment and real property taxes. It does not have any subsidiaries nor does it sponsor any off-balance sheet special purpose entities. 
 
 For additional information regarding the Bank s financial condition, changes in financial condition, and results of operations, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Products and Services 
 
 The Bank s products and services include the following: 
 
 Credit Products; 
 
 Community Investment Services; and 
 
 Cash Management and Other Services. 

Credit Products 
 
 The credit products that the Bank offers to its members include advances and standby letters of credit. 

Advances 
 
 Advances are the Bank s primary product. Advances are fully secured loans made to members and eligible housing finance agencies, authorities, and organizations called housing associates (non-members that are approved mortgagees under Title II of the National Housing Act). The carrying value of the Bank s outstanding advances was 109.6 billion and 45.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and advances represented 72.3 percent and 57.7 percent of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Advances generated 69.6 percent, 68.3 percent, and 68.1 percent of total interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Advances serve as a funding source for the Bank s members for a variety of conforming and nonconforming mortgages. Thus, advances support housing markets, including those focused on low- and moderate-income households. For those members that choose to sell or securitize their mortgages, advances can supply interim funding. 
 
 Generally, member institutions use the Bank s advances for one or more of the following purposes: 
 
 providing funding for mortgages held in the member s portfolio, including both conforming and nonconforming mortgages; 
 
 providing temporary funding during the origination, packaging, and sale of mortgages into the secondary market; 
 
 providing funding for commercial real estate loans; 
 
 assisting with asset-liability management by matching the maturity and prepayment characteristics of mortgage loans or adjusting the sensitivity of the member s balance sheet to interest-rate changes; 
 7 

Table of Conten t s 

providing a cost-effective alternative to meet contingent liquidity needs and adhere to liquidity management strategies; and 
 
 providing funding for community investment and economic development. 
 
 Pursuant to statutory and regulatory requirements, the Bank may only make long-term advances to community financial institutions for the purpose of enabling a member to purchase or fund new or existing residential housing finance assets, which may include small business loans, small farm loans, small agribusiness loans, and community development loans, as defined by the applicable regulation. The Bank s management indirectly monitors the purpose for which members use advances through limitations on eligible collateral as described below. 
 
 Eligible collateral is defined by the FHLBank Act, Finance Agency regulations, and the Bank s credit and collateral policy. The Bank requires its borrowers to execute an advances and security agreement that establishes the Bank s security interest in all collateral pledged by the borrower, thereby obtaining a security interest in eligible collateral to secure an advance prior to the time that the Bank originates or renews an advance. The Bank also perfects its security interest in collateral prior to making an advance to the borrower. As additional security for a member s indebtedness, the Bank has a statutory and contractual lien on the member s capital stock in the Bank. The Bank may also require additional or substitute collateral from a borrower, as provided in the FHLBank Act and the financing documents between the Bank and its borrowers. 
 
 The Bank s management assesses member creditworthiness and financial condition, typically on a quarterly basis, to determine the term and maximum dollar amount of advances that the Bank will lend to a particular member. In addition, the Bank discounts eligible collateral and periodically revalues the collateral pledged by each member to secure its outstanding advances. The Bank has never experienced a credit loss on an advance. 
 
 The FHLBank Act affords any security interest granted to the Bank by any member of the Bank, or any affiliate of any such member, priority over the claims and rights of any party (including any receiver, conservator, trustee, or similar party having rights of a lien creditor), other than the claims and rights of a party that (1) would be entitled to priority under otherwise applicable law; and (2) is an actual bona fide purchaser for value or is an actual secured party whose security interest is perfected in accordance with applicable state law. Most members provide the Bank with a blanket lien covering substantially all of the member s real estate-related assets and their consent for the Bank to file a financing statement evidencing the blanket lien. The Bank requires delivery of cash and securities pledged to the Bank as collateral. Delivery of loan collateral is also required when pledged by insurance companies, CDFIs, and housing associates. For most bank and credit union members, delivery of loan collateral is not required. 
 
 The Bank offers standard and customized advances to fit a variety of member needs. Generally, the Bank offers maturities as described below, but longer maturities are available, which are subject to a member s financial condition and available funding. The Bank s advances include, among other products, the following: 
 
 Adjustable- or variable-rate indexed advances. Adjustable- or variable-rate indexed advances include the following: 
 
 Daily Rate Credit Advance (DRC Advance). The DRC Advance provides short-term funding with rate resets on a daily basis, similar to federal funds lines. The DRC Advance is available generally from one day to 12 months. 
 
 Adjustable Rate Credit Advance (ARC Advance). The ARC Advance is an advance that floats to an index and provides intermediate and long-term funding with rate resets at specified intervals. The ARC Advance is available for a term generally of up to 10 years. 
 
 8 

Table of Conten t s 

 Floating-to-Fixed Advance. This is an advance that floats to an index and changes to a predetermined fixed rate on a predetermined date prior to maturity. The Bank offers this product with a maturity generally of up to 15 years. 
 
 Callable SOFR Floater. This is an advance that provides intermediate funding at a variable rate, tied to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) with the option to repay the advance on specified dates with no prepayment fee. The call option may be Bermudan (quarterly) or European (one-time). The interest rate resets at periodic intervals, so pricing adjusts automatically to changing market conditions. Members can choose the advance term and rate reset period. 
 
 Fixed-rate advances. Fixed-rate advances include the following: 
 
 Fixed Rate Credit Advance (FRC Advance). The FRC Advance offers fixed-rate funds with principal due at maturity generally from one month to 20 years. The Bank allows for the inclusion of interest-rate caps and/or floors in certain FRC Advances with terms of 12 months or greater and a par value of 1 million or more. 
 
 Callable Advance. The callable advance is a fixed-rate advance with a fixed maturity and the option for the borrower to prepay the advance on an option exercise date(s) before maturity without a fee. The options can be Bermudan or European. The Bank offers this product with a maturity generally of up to 10 years with options generally from three months to 10 years. 
 
 Expander Advance. The expander advance is a fixed-rate advance with a fixed maturity and an option by the borrower to increase the amount of the advance on a predetermined future date at a predetermined interest rate. The option may only be European. The Bank has established internal limits on the amount of such options that may be sold based upon which quarter they will mature. The Bank offers this product with a maturity generally of two years to 20 years with an option exercise date that can be set generally from one month to 10 years. 
 
 Principal Reducing Credit Advance (PRC Advance). The PRC Advance is a fixed-rate advance with a final maturity generally of up to 20 years and predetermined principal reductions on specific dates. The reduction schedule is predetermined by the borrower and may be scheduled on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, or annual basis. Amortization options include equal payments or structures similar to a mortgage. 
 
 Convertible advances. In a convertible advance, the Bank purchases an option from the borrower that allows the Bank to modify the interest rate on the advance from fixed to variable on certain specified dates. The Bank s option can be Bermudan or European. The Bank offers this product with a maturity generally of up to 15 years with options generally from three months to 15 years. 
 
 Forward starting advances . With the forward starting advance, the borrower may enter into the terms of any structured advance, including the FRC Advance, ARC Advance, Expander Advance, or Floating-to-Fixed Advance, with a future settlement date. Interest accrues beginning on the settlement date. A termination fee applies if the borrower voluntarily terminates the advance prior to the settlement date. 
 
 The following table presents the par value of outstanding advances by product characteristics (dollars in millions). See Note 6 Advances to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements for further information on the distinction between par value and carrying value of outstanding advances. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Percent of Total Amount Percent of Total Adjustable or variable-rate indexed 60,144 54.52 9,813 21.84 Fixed rate (1) 
 48,533 44.00 29,288 65.19 Convertible 1,266 1.15 5,307 11.81 Principal reducing credit 366 0.33 519 1.16 Total par value 110,309 100.00 44,927 100.00 
 ____________ 
 (1) Includes convertible advances whose conversion options have expired. 
 
 9 

Table of Conten t s 

 The Bank establishes interest rates on advances using the Bank s cost of funds on consolidated obligations and the interest-rate swap market. The Bank establishes an interest rate applicable to each type of advance each day and then adjusts those rates during the day to reflect changes in the cost of funds and interest rates. 
 
 The Bank includes prepayment fee provisions in most advance transactions. With respect to callable advances, prepayment fees apply to prepayments on dates other than option exercise dates. The Bank also offers variable-rate prepayable advances, in which prepayment fees apply to prepayments made on dates other than certain specified dates. As required by Finance Agency regulations, the prepayment fee is intended to make the Bank financially indifferent to a borrower s decision to prepay an advance before maturity or, with respect to a callable advance, on a date other than an option exercise date. 
 
 The following table presents information on the Bank s 10 largest borrowers of advances (dollars in millions): 
 As of December 31, 2022 Institution State of Membership Advances Par Value Percent of Total Advances Weighted-average Interest 
 Rate 
 ) (1) 
 Truist Bank North Carolina 29,702 26.93 4.54 TIAA, FSB Florida 9,160 8.30 4.40 Bank of America, National Association North Carolina 8,255 7.48 4.51 BankUnited, National Association Florida 5,420 4.91 4.32 Navy Federal Credit Union Virginia 4,565 4.14 4.09 First-Citizens Bank Trust Company North Carolina 4,250 3.85 4.39 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company North Carolina 3,900 3.54 3.42 Synovus Bank Georgia 3,875 3.51 4.62 Pentagon Federal Credit Union Virginia 3,823 3.47 4.56 City National Bank of Florida Florida 2,525 2.29 4.30 Subtotal (10 largest borrowers) 75,475 68.42 4.41 Subtotal (all other borrowers) 34,834 31.58 3.76 Total par value 110,309 100.00 4.20 
 ____________ 
 (1) The average interest rate of the member s advance portfolio weighted by each advance s outstanding balance. 
 
 A description of the Bank s credit risk management and collateral valuation methodology as it relates to its advance activity is contained in Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Advances . 

Standby Letters of Credit 
 
 The Bank issues irrevocable standby letters of credit on behalf of its members to support certain obligations of the members to third-party beneficiaries. Members may use standby letters of credit for residential housing financing and community lending or for liquidity and asset-liability management. In particular, members often use standby letters of credit as collateral for deposits from public sector entities. Standby letters of credit are generally available for nonrenewable terms of up to five years or for one-year terms that are renewable annually with a final expiration date of up to 10 years after issuance. The Bank requires members to fully collateralize the face amount of any standby letter of credit issued by the Bank during the term of the standby letter of credit. The Bank also charges members a fee based on the face amount of the standby letter of credit. If the Bank is required to make a payment for a beneficiary s draw, the amount must be reimbursed by the member or, subject to the Bank s discretion, may be converted into an advance to the member. The Bank s underwriting and collateral requirements for standby letters of credit are the same as they are for advances. 
 
 The Bank has never experienced a credit loss related to a standby letter of credit reimbursement obligation. Unlike advances, standby letters of credit are accounted for as financial guarantees because a standby letter of credit may expire in accordance with its terms without being drawn upon by the beneficiary. The Bank had 9.0 billion and 7.7 billion of outstanding standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 10 

Table of Conten t s 

 Advances and Standby Letters of Credit Combined 
 
 The following table presents information on the Bank s 10 largest borrowers of advances and standby letters of credit combined (dollars in millions): 
 As of December 31, 2022 Institution State of Membership Advances Par Value and Standby Letters of Credit Balance Percent of Total Advances Par Value and Standby Letters of Credit Truist Bank North Carolina 29,702 24.89 TIAA, FSB Florida 9,160 7.67 Bank of America, National Association North Carolina 9,124 7.64 BankUnited, National Association Florida 6,020 5.04 First-Citizens Bank Trust Company North Carolina 5,700 4.78 Pentagon Federal Credit Union Virginia 4,786 4.01 Navy Federal Credit Union Virginia 4,567 3.83 Synovus Bank Georgia 3,919 3.28 Brighthouse Life Insurance Company North Carolina 3,900 3.27 City National Bank of Florida Florida 3,108 2.60 Subtotal (10 largest borrowers) 79,986 67.01 Subtotal (all other borrowers) 39,369 32.99 Total advances par value and standby letters of credit 119,355 100.00 

Community Investment Services 
 
 The Bank s AHP provides no-cost or low-cost funds in the form of a direct subsidy or a subsidized advance to members to support the financing of rental and for-sale housing for very low-, low-, and moderate-income households. The Bank offers the AHP General Fund and AHP Homeownership Set-aside programs. Additionally, the Community Investment Cash Advance (CICA) program is offered to members in the form of a discounted advance program that supports projects that provide affordable housing and economic development benefiting those households. A description of each program is as follows: 
 
 the AHP General Fund is offered annually through a competitive application process and provides funds for either new construction or rehabilitation rental or ownership real estate projects submitted through member financial institutions; 
 
 the AHP Homeownership Set-aside program provides funds that can be used by homebuyers for down payment, closing costs, and other costs associated with the purchase, purchase/rehabilitation, or rehabilitation of homes for households at or below 80 percent of the area median income. The funds are available on a first-come, first-served basis through member financial institutions and available through the following distinct products: First-time Homebuyer, Community Partners, and Community Rebuild and Restore; 
 
 the CICA program consists of the Community Investment Program and the Economic Development Program, which both provide the Bank s members with access to low-cost funding to create affordable rental and homeownership opportunities and to engage in commercial and economic development activities that benefit low- and moderate-income individuals and neighborhoods; and 
 
 the Heirs Property Prevention and Resolution Voluntary Grant program is available to organizations that presented pilot initiatives during the 2021 Funders Forum. Those organizations may apply for up to 100,000 to fund pilot programs designed to prevent and resolve issues of heirs property which is a barrier to the accumulation of generational wealth, leads to neighborhood blight, and is a pervasive issue that disproportionately impacts racial and ethnic minority, low-wealth, and distressed urban and rural communities. In May 2022, the Bank's board of directors approved the Heirs' Property Prevention and Resolution Voluntary Grant program, allocating 1 million to be available for organizations that submitted pilot initiatives during 2021 Heirs Property Prevention and Resolution Funders Forum (Funders Forum). 
 
 Each FHLBank must set aside 10 percent of its income subject to assessment for AHP, or such additional prorated sums as may be required so that the aggregate annual contribution of the FHLBanks is not less than 100 million. The aggregate annual 
 11 

Table of Conten t s 

 contribution of the FHLBanks exceeded 100 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. For purposes of the AHP calculation, each FHLBank s income subject to assessment is defined as the individual FHLBank s net income before assessments, plus interest expense related to mandatorily redeemable capital stock. The assessment for AHP is further discussed under the Taxation/Assessments heading below. The Bank s AHP assessments were 21 million, 15 million, and 28 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. In 2022, the Bank made a 5 million voluntary non-statutory contribution to its AHP. 

Cash Management and Other Services 
 
 The Bank provides a variety of services to help members meet day-to-day cash management needs. These services include cash management services that support member advance activity, such as daily investment accounts, automated clearing house transactions, and custodial mortgage accounts. In addition to cash management services, the Bank provides other noncredit services, including wire transfer services and safekeeping services. These cash management, wire transfer, and safekeeping services do not generate material amounts of income and are performed primarily as ancillary services for the Bank s members. 
 
 The Bank also acts as an intermediary to meet certain derivatives needs of its smaller members that have limited or no access to the capital markets. This service assists members with asset-liability management by giving them indirect access to the capital markets. These intermediary transactions involve the Bank entering into a derivative with a member and then entering into a mirror-image derivative with one of the Bank s approved counterparties. The derivatives entered into by the Bank as a result of its intermediary activities do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and are separately marked to fair value through earnings. The Bank attempts to earn income from this service sufficient to cover its operating expenses through the minor difference in rates on these mirror-image derivatives. The net result of the accounting for these derivatives is not material to the operating results of the Bank. The Bank may require both the member and the counterparty to post collateral for any market value exposure that may exist during the life of the transaction. 

Mortgage Loan Purchase Programs 
 
 The Bank s mortgage loan purchase programs provided members an alternative to holding mortgage loans in a portfolio or selling them into the secondary market. Prior to 2008, the Bank purchased loans directly from member participating financial institutions (PFIs) through the Mortgage Partnership Finance Program (MPF Program), a program developed by FHLBank Chicago and the Mortgage Purchase Program (MPP), a program separately established by the Bank. The Bank ceased directly purchasing new mortgage assets under these mortgage programs in 2008. However, the Bank continues to support its existing MPP and MPF Program mortgage loan portfolios. The Bank may also acquire fixed-rate residential mortgage loans through participation in eligible mortgage loans purchased from other FHLBanks. 
 
 MPF Program 
 
 From time to time, the Bank had offered various products to members through the MPF Program. FHLBank Chicago, as the MPF provider, is responsible for providing transaction processing services, as well as developing and maintaining the underwriting criteria and program servicing guide. The Bank pays FHLBank Chicago a fee for providing these services. Conventional loans purchased from PFIs under the MPF Program are subject to varying levels of loss allocation and credit enhancement structures. Federal Housing Administration (FHA)-insured and Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)-guaranteed loans are not subject to the credit enhancement obligations applicable to conventional loans under the MPF Program. The PFI may retain the right and responsibility for servicing the loans or sell the servicing rights, and the PFI may be required to repurchase a loan in the event of a breach of eligibility requirement or other warranty. 
 
 One of the Bank s PFIs under the traditional MPF products, Truist Bank, was among the Bank s top 10 borrowers as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 MPP 
 
 The Bank s MPP is independent of other FHLBanks mortgage loan programs. Therefore, the Bank had greater control over pricing, quality of customer service, relationships with any third-party service providers, and program changes. Certain benefits of greater Bank control include the Bank s ability to control operating costs and to manage its regulatory relationship directly with the Finance Agency. There were no MPP PFIs that were among the Bank s top 10 borrowers as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The MPF Program and MPP are authorized under applicable regulations. Regulatory interpretive guidance provides that an FHLBank may sell loans acquired through its mortgage loan purchase programs so long as it also sells the related credit enhancement obligation. The Bank currently is not selling loans it has acquired through these mortgage loan purchase 
 12 

Table of Conten t s 

 programs. The Bank maintains a portfolio of mortgage loans that were historically purchased directly from PFIs and are recorded on the balance sheet. The contractual maturity dates of some of the purchased loans extend out to 2047. 

Investments 
 
 The Bank maintains a portfolio of investment securities and other investments for liquidity purposes to provide for the availability of funds to meet member credit needs and to provide additional earnings for the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s investment securities consist of MBS issued by GSEs or U.S. government agencies; securities issued by the U.S. government or U.S. government agencies; and state and local housing agency obligations. The investment securities portfolio generally provides the Bank with higher returns than those available in other permissible investments. The Bank s other investments may consist of interest-bearing deposits, overnight and term federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell. U.S. Treasury obligations, U.S. agency, and GSE securities were 61.9 percent and 55.7 percent of the Bank s total investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as discussed in Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition Investments . Investments generated 30.1 percent, 29.5 percent, and 30.9 percent of total interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Bank s MBS investment practice is to purchase MBS from a group of Bank-approved dealers, which may include primary dealers. Primary dealers are banks and securities brokerages that trade in U.S. government securities with the Federal Reserve System. The Bank does not purchase MBS from its members, except in the case in which a member or its affiliate is on the Bank s list of approved dealers. In all cases, the Bank bases its investment decisions on the relative rates of return of competing investments and does not consider whether an MBS is being purchased from or issued by a member or an affiliate of a member. The Bank s MBS balance did not include any investments that were issued by the Bank s members or an affiliate of a member as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations prohibit the Bank from investing in certain types of securities. These restrictions are discussed in more detail in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Investments . 
 
 Finance Agency regulations prohibit an FHLBank from purchasing MBS and asset-backed securities if its investment in such securities exceeds 300 percent of the FHLBank s previous month-end regulatory capital on the day it purchases the securities. Regulatory capital is defined as the sum of permanent capital, the amount paid-in for Class A stock (if any), the amount of the Bank s general allowance for losses (if any), and the amount of any other instruments identified in the capital plan and approved by the Finance Agency. For discussion regarding the Bank s compliance with this regulatory requirement, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition Investments . 
 
 The Bank is subject to credit and market risk on its investments. For discussion as to how the Bank manages these risks, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Credit Risk Investments . 

Funding Sources 

Deposits 
 
 The FHLBank Act allows the Bank to accept deposits from its members, any institution for which it is providing correspondent services, other FHLBanks, or other governmental instrumentalities. Deposits provide some of the Bank s funding resources while also giving members a low-risk earning asset that satisfies their regulatory liquidity requirements. The Bank had demand and overnight deposits of 1.8 billion and 2.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 To support its member deposits, the FHLBank Act requires the Bank to have an amount equal to or greater than the current deposits received from its members as a reserve. These reserves are required to be invested in obligations of the United States, deposits in eligible banks or trust companies, or advances with maturities not exceeding five years. The Bank had excess deposit reserves of 115.9 billion and 39.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 13 

Table of Conten t s 

 Consolidated Obligations 
 
 Consolidated obligations, consisting of bonds and discount notes, are the joint and several obligations of the FHLBanks, backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. Consolidated obligations are not obligations of the U.S. government, and the U.S. does not guarantee the consolidated obligations. The Office of Finance has responsibility for facilitating and executing the issuance of consolidated obligations for all the FHLBanks. It also services all outstanding debt. The Bank is primarily liable for its portion of consolidated obligations (i.e., those issued on its behalf); however, the Bank is also jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on consolidated obligations of all the FHLBanks. Pursuant to other arrangements to which the Bank is bound by, an FHLBank may also be required to make payment of principal or interest payments due on any consolidated obligation of any other FHLBank upon failure of such FHLBank to meet an obligation. If the principal or interest on any consolidated obligation issued on behalf of the Bank is not paid in full when due, the Bank may not pay any extraordinary expenses or pay dividends to, or redeem or repurchase shares of capital stock from, any member of the Bank. At any time, the Finance Agency may require any FHLBank to make principal or interest payments due on any consolidated obligation, whether or not the primary obligor FHLBank has defaulted on the payment of that obligation. 
 
 To the extent that an FHLBank makes any payment on a consolidated obligation on behalf of another FHLBank, the paying FHLBank is entitled to reimbursement from the noncomplying FHLBank. However, if the Finance Agency determines that the noncomplying FHLBank is unable to satisfy its obligations, the Finance Agency may allocate the outstanding liability among the remaining FHLBanks on a pro rata basis in proportion to each FHLBank s participation in all consolidated obligations outstanding or on any other basis the Finance Agency may determine. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations also state that the Bank must maintain the following types of assets that are free from any lien or pledge in an aggregate amount at least equal to the amount of the Bank s portion of the consolidated obligations outstanding, provided that any assets that are subject to a lien or pledge for the benefit of the holders of any issue of consolidated obligations shall be treated as if they were assets free from any lien or pledge for purposes of this negative pledge requirement: 
 
 cash; 
 
 obligations of, or fully guaranteed by, the United States; 
 
 secured advances; 
 
 mortgages that have any guaranty, insurance, or commitment from the U.S. or any agency of the U.S.; and 
 
 investments described in Section 16(a) of the FHLBank Act which, among other items, include securities that a fiduciary or trust fund may purchase under the laws of the state in which the FHLBank is located. 
 
 The Bank was in compliance with this Finance Agency regulation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Consolidated obligations are issued with either fixed- or variable-rate coupon payment terms that may use a variety of indices, such as SOFR and Overnight Index Swap (OIS). The Bank, working through the Office of Finance, is able to customize consolidated obligations to meet investor demands. Customized features can include different indices and embedded derivatives. The Bank offsets these customized features predominantly by derivatives to reduce the market risk associated with the consolidated obligations. 
 
 Consolidated Obligation Bonds. Consolidated obligation bonds satisfy longer-term funding requirements. Typically, the maturity of these securities ranges from one year to 10 years, but the maturity is not subject to any statutory or regulatory limit. Consolidated obligation bonds can be issued and distributed through negotiated or competitively bid transactions with approved underwriters or selling group members. The FHLBanks also use the TAP issue program for fixed-rate, noncallable bonds. Under this program, the FHLBanks offer debt obligations at specific maturities that may be reopened daily, generally during a three-month period through competitive auctions. The goal of the TAP program is to aggregate frequent smaller issues into a larger bond issue that may have greater market liquidity. 
 
 Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes. Through the Office of Finance, the FHLBanks also issue consolidated obligation discount notes to provide short-term funds for advances to members, for the Bank s other investments, and for the Bank s variable-rate and convertible advance programs. These securities have maturities up to 366 days and are offered daily through a consolidated obligation discount note selling group. Discount notes are issued at a discount and mature at par. 
 
 14 

Table of Conten t s 

 Certification and Reporting Obligations . Under Finance Agency regulations, before the end of each calendar quarter and before paying any dividends for that quarter, the president of the Bank must certify to the Finance Agency that, based upon known current facts and financial information, the Bank will remain in compliance with applicable liquidity requirements and will remain capable of making full and timely payments of all current obligations (which includes the Bank s obligation to pay principal and interest on consolidated obligations issued on its behalf through the Office of Finance) coming due during the next quarter. The Bank is required to provide notice to the Finance Agency upon the occurrence of any of the following: 
 
 the Bank is unable to provide the required certification; 
 
 the Bank projects, at any time, that it will fail to comply with its liquidity requirements or will be unable to meet all of its current obligations due during the quarter; 
 
 the Bank actually fails to comply with its liquidity requirements or to meet all of its current obligations due during the quarter; or 
 
 the Bank negotiates to enter or enters into an agreement with one or more other FHLBanks to obtain financial assistance to meet its current obligations due during the quarter. 
 
 The Bank must file a consolidated obligation payment plan for Finance Agency approval upon the occurrence of any of the following: 
 
 the Bank becomes a noncomplying FHLBank as a result of failing to provide a required certification related to liquidity requirements and ability to meet all current obligations; 
 
 the Bank becomes a noncomplying FHLBank as a result of being required to provide notice to the Finance Agency of certain matters related to liquidity requirements or inability to meet current obligations; or 
 
 the Finance Agency determines that the Bank will cease to be in compliance with its liquidity requirements or will lack the capacity to meet all of its current obligations due during the quarter. 
 
 Regulations permit a noncompliant FHLBank to continue to incur and pay normal operating expenses in the regular course of business. However, a noncompliant FHLBank may not incur or pay any extraordinary expenses, declare or pay dividends, or redeem any capital stock until the Finance Agency has approved the FHLBank s consolidated obligation payment plan or inter-FHLBank assistance agreement or has ordered another remedy, and the noncompliant FHLBank has paid all its direct obligations. 

Capital and Capital Rules 
 
 The Bank must comply with regulatory requirements for total regulatory capital, leverage capital, and risk-based capital. To satisfy these capital requirements, the Bank maintains a capital plan. Each member s minimum stock requirement is an amount equal to the sum of a membership stock component and an activity-based stock component under the capital plan. The FHLBank Act and applicable regulations require that the minimum stock requirement for members must be sufficient to enable the Bank to meet its minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements. If necessary, the Bank may adjust the minimum stock requirement from time to time within the ranges established in the capital plan. Each member is required to comply promptly with any adjustment to the minimum stock requirement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the membership stock requirement was 0.05 percent (five basis points) of the member s total assets, subject to a cap of 15 million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the activity-based stock requirement was the sum of the following: 
 
 4.25 percent of the member s outstanding par value of advances; 
 
 8.00 percent of any outstanding targeted debt or equity investment (such as multifamily residential mortgage loan assets) sold by the member to the Bank on or after December 17, 2004; and 
 
 0.10 percent (ten basis points) of members outstanding standby letters of credit. 
 
 15 

Table of Conten t s 

 In addition, the activity-based stock requirement may include a percentage of any outstanding balance of acquired member assets (such as residential mortgage loan assets), which was set at zero as of December 31, 2022. Since the Bank did not have any multifamily residential mortgage loan assets purchased from members or other targeted debt or equity investments outstanding, the targeted debt or equity investment stock requirement was inapplicable as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Although applicable regulations allow the Bank to issue Class A stock, Class B stock, or both in any combination, to its members, the Bank s capital plan allows it to issue only Class B stock. 
 
 The Bank s financial management policy contains provisions to help preserve the value of the members investment in the Bank and reasonably mitigate the effect on capital of unanticipated operating and accounting events. For additional information regarding the Bank s capital and capital requirements, as well as information regarding the Bank s retained earnings and dividends, refer to Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ; Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition Capital ; and Note 10 Capital to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements. 

Derivatives 
 
 Finance Agency regulations and the Bank s Risk Management Policy establish guidelines for derivatives. These policies and regulations prohibit the trading or speculative use of these instruments and limit permissible credit risk arising from these instruments. The Bank enters into derivatives to manage the exposure to interest-rate risk inherent in otherwise unhedged assets and funding positions, to achieve the Bank s risk management objectives, and to act as an intermediary between its members and counterparties. These derivatives consist of interest-rate swaps (including callable and putable swaps), swaptions, interest-rate cap and floor agreements, and forward contracts. Generally, the Bank uses derivatives in its overall interest-rate risk management to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
 
 preserve a favorable interest-rate spread between the yield of an asset (e.g., an advance) and the cost of the related liability (e.g., the consolidated obligation bond used to fund the advance) by converting both fixed-rate instruments to a variable rate using interest-rate swaps; 
 
 reduce funding costs by combining a derivative with a consolidated obligation because the cost of a combined funding structure can be lower than the cost of a comparable consolidated obligation bond; 
 
 reduce the interest-rate sensitivity and repricing gaps of assets and liabilities; 
 
 mitigate the adverse earnings effects of the shortening or lengthening of certain assets (e.g., mortgage assets) and liabilities; 
 
 protect the value of existing asset or liability positions; 
 
 manage embedded options in assets and liabilities; and 
 
 achieve overall asset/liability management objectives. 
 
 The total notional amount of the Bank s outstanding derivatives was 81.7 billion and 50.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The contractual or notional amount of a derivative is not a measure of the amount of credit risk from that transaction; rather, the notional amount serves as a basis for calculating periodic interest payments or cash flows. 
 
 The Bank may enter into derivatives concurrently with the issuance of consolidated obligations with embedded options. When issuing bonds, the Bank generally simultaneously enters into derivatives to, in effect, convert fixed-rate liabilities into variable-rate liabilities. The continued attractiveness of such debt depends on price relationships in both the bond and derivatives markets. If conditions in these markets change, the Bank may alter the types or terms of the bonds issued. Similarly, the Bank may enter into derivatives in conjunction with the origination of advances with embedded options. Issuing fixed-rate advances while simultaneously entering into derivatives, in effect, converts fixed-rate advances into variable-rate earning assets. 
 
 The Bank is subject to credit risk in all derivatives due to potential nonperformance by the derivative counterparty. For further discussion as to how the Bank manages its credit risk and market risk on its derivatives, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Risk Management . 

16 

Table of Conten t s 

 Competition 
 
 Advances . A number of factors affect demand for the Bank s advances, including, but not limited to, the availability and cost of other sources of liquidity for the Bank s members, such as demand deposits, brokered deposits, and the repurchase market. The Bank individually competes with other suppliers of secured and unsecured wholesale funding. Such other suppliers may include the U.S. government, investment banks, commercial banks, and in certain circumstances, other FHLBanks. Smaller members may have access to alternative funding sources through sales of securities under agreements to repurchase, while larger members may have access to all the alternatives listed above. Larger members also may have independent access to the national and global credit markets. The availability of alternative funding sources to members can significantly influence the demand for the Bank s advances and can vary as a result of a number of factors, including market conditions, member liquidity levels, members creditworthiness, and availability of collateral. 
 
 Debt Issuance. The Bank competes with Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), other GSEs, and the U.S. Treasury, as well as corporate and supranational entities for funds raised through the issuance of unsecured debt in the national and global debt markets. Increases in the supply of competing debt products may, in the absence of increases in demand, result in higher debt costs or lesser amounts of debt issued at the same cost than otherwise would be the case. In addition, the availability and cost of funds raised through the issuance of certain types of unsecured debt may be affected adversely by regulatory initiatives that tend to reduce investments by certain depository institutions in unsecured debt with greater price volatility or interest-rate sensitivity than fixed-rate, fixed-maturity instruments of the same maturity. Further, a perceived or actual higher level of government support for other GSEs may increase demand for their debt securities relative to similar FHLBank securities. 
 
 Interest-rate Exchange Agreements . The sale of callable debt and the simultaneous execution of callable interest-rate swaps that mirror the debt have been important sources of competitive funding for the Bank. As such, the availability of markets for callable debt and interest-rate swaps may be an important determinant of the Bank s relative cost of funds. There is considerable competition among high credit quality issuers in the markets for these instruments. 

Regulatory Oversight, Audits, and Examinations 
 
 The Bank s business is subject to extensive regulation and supervision. The laws and regulations to which the Bank is subject cover all key aspects of its business, and directly and indirectly affect the Bank s product and service offerings, pricing, competitive position and strategic plan, relationship with members and third parties, capital structure, cash needs and uses, and information security. As discussed throughout this Report, such laws and regulations may have a significant effect on key drivers of the Bank s results of operations, including, for example, the Bank s capital and liquidity, product and service offerings, risk management, and costs of compliance. 
 
 The Finance Agency supervises and regulates the FHLBanks. The Finance Agency is responsible for ensuring that (1) the FHLBanks operate in a safe and sound manner, including maintenance of adequate capital and internal controls; (2) the operations and activities of the FHLBanks foster liquid, efficient, competitive, and resilient national housing finance markets; (3) the FHLBanks comply with applicable laws and regulations; and (4) the FHLBanks carry out their housing finance mission through authorized activities that are consistent with the public interest. In this capacity, the Finance Agency issues regulations and policies that govern, among other things, the permissible activities, powers, investments, risk-management practices, and capital requirements of the FHLBanks, and the authorities and duties of FHLBank directors. The Finance Agency conducts annual, on-site examinations of the Bank, as well as periodic off-site reviews. In addition, the Bank must submit monthly financial information on the condition and results of operations of the Bank to the Finance Agency. The Bank is also subject to regulation by the SEC, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
 
 The Government Corporation Control Act provides that, before a government corporation (which includes each of the FHLBanks) issues and offers obligations to the public, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe (1) the form, denomination, maturity, interest rate, and conditions of the obligations; (2) the time and manner in which issued; and (3) the selling price. Under the FHLBank Act, the Secretary of the Treasury has the authority, at his or her discretion, to purchase consolidated obligations up to an aggregate principal amount of 4.0 billion. No borrowings under this authority have been outstanding since 1977. 
 
 The Comptroller General has authority under the FHLBank Act to audit or examine the Finance Agency and the Bank and to decide the extent to which they fairly and effectively fulfill the purposes of the FHLBank Act. Furthermore, the Government Corporation Control Act provides that the Comptroller General may review any audit of the financial statements conducted by an independent registered public accounting firm. If the Comptroller General conducts such a review, he or she must report the results and provide his or her recommendations to Congress, the Office of Management and Budget, and the FHLBank in 
 17 

Table of Conten t s 

 question. The Comptroller General also may conduct his or her own audit of any financial statements of the Bank. The Bank was not reviewed or audited by the Comptroller General in 2022. 
 
 The Bank has an internal audit department; the Bank s board of directors has an audit committee; and an independent registered public accounting firm audits the annual financial statements of the Bank. The independent registered public accounting firm conducts these audits following the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and Government Auditing Standards issued by the Comptroller General. The Finance Agency receives the Bank s Report and audited financial statements. The Bank must submit annual management reports to Congress, the President of the United States, the Office of Management and Budget, and the Comptroller General. These reports include audited financial statements, a statement of internal accounting and administrative control systems, and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm on the financial statements. 

Available Information 
 
 The Bank s website is located at www.fhlbatl.com. The content of the Bank s website is not incorporated by reference into this Report or in any other report or document that the Bank files with the SEC, and any references to the Bank s website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 The Bank s human capital is a significant contributor to the achievement of our strategic business objectives. In managing our human capital, the Bank focuses on its workforce profile and the various programs and philosophies described below. 
 
 Workforce Profile 
 
 The Bank s workforce is primarily comprised of corporate employees, with the Bank s principal operations in one location. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 316 full-time and 3 part-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 45.8 percent of the Bank s workforce is female, 54.2 percent male, 50.2 percent non-minority and 49.8 percent minority. The Bank s workforce is leanly staffed, and historically has included a number of longer-tenured employees. As of December 31, 2022, the average tenure of the Bank s employees was 10.3 years. The Bank strives to both develop talent from within the organization and supplement with external hires. The Bank believes that developing talent internally results in institutional strength and continuity and promotes loyalty and commitment in the Bank s employee base, which furthers its success, while adding new employees contributes to new ideas, continuous improvement, and the Bank s goals of a diverse and inclusive workforce. There are no collective bargaining agreements with the Bank s employees. 
 
 Total Rewards 
 
 The Bank seeks to attract, develop, engage, and retain a diverse group of talented employees to achieve its strategic business initiatives, enhance business performance and increase shareholder value. The Bank s Employer of Choice strategy is supported by sponsoring a combination, of compensation of talent management, benefits and employee wellness programs. Specifically, the Bank s programs include: 
 
 Cash based compensation base salary, performance based incentives, service awards, and spot bonus program; 
 
 Benefits retirement plan benefits, health insurance coverage, flexible spending accounts, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, supplemental life insurance, and disability insurance; 
 
 Learning and development programs internal and external programs focused on coaching and leadership development, skills development, diversity, equity and inclusion-based learning, an educational assistance program and professional certification assistance; 
 
 Culture and Community Support internal groups with various opportunities for participation, communication, sharing, learning, community and cultural and inclusion initiatives, community involvement including a charitable contribution matching program and volunteer hours; 

18 

Table of Conten t s 

 Succession planning the Bank s board of directors and leadership actively engage in succession planning, with defined plans for executive level positions and positions reporting directly to department leaders, as well as identified critical roles; 
 
 Work/Life balance time away from work including time off for vacation, sick, personal, holidays, voting, jury duty and bereavement, parental and military leave and flexible work arrangements including a hybrid work model, reduced workweek and flexible schedules; and 
 
 Wellness onsite fitness center, employee assistance program, health coaching and interactive financial, physical and mental well-being education opportunities. 
 
 The Bank s Performance Management program provides a framework for managing and developing employee performance including accomplishment of individual and team objectives within the Bank s incentive compensation program. Annual ratings are based on established competencies and a consistent rating scale. The use of both a qualitative and quantitative rating scale allow managers to align pay and discuss performance and development. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Program 
 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion (DE I) is a strategic business priority for the Bank. The Bank s DE I officer is a member of the senior management team, reports to the President and Chief Executive Officer and serves as a liaison to the board of directors. The Bank recognizes that diversity increases capacity for innovation and creativity and that equity and inclusion allows the Bank to leverage the unique perspectives of all employees and strengthens the Bank s retention efforts. The Bank operationalizes its commitment through the development and execution of a three-year diversity, equity and inclusion strategic plan that includes quantifiable metrics to measure its success. The board and management monitor the Bank s performance against the strategic plan goals via regular reporting. The Bank offers a range of opportunities for its employees to connect, and grow personally and professionally through its DE I council and event planning groups. The Bank considers learning an important component of its DE I strategy and regularly offers educational opportunities to its employees and evaluates inclusive behaviors as part of the Bank s annual performance management and succession planning process. The Bank also incorporates DE I as a key component of its incentive plan framework to help organizational focus and accountability. 

Environmental, Social, and Governance 
 
 The Bank is committed to implementing a governance and risk management framework for the Bank s environmental, social, and governance (ESG) program that includes development of processes and reporting mechanisms needed to identify risks and opportunities and take measurable action on climate risk and other ESG issues impacting the Bank, its members, stakeholders, and communities. The Bank recognizes that measuring and reporting its impact on environmental and social concerns, as well as the effectiveness of its governance structure, are conducive to the Bank s short- and long-term success and expects to focus on diversity, equity and inclusion, affordable housing, community and economic development and strong corporate governance through its ESG program. The Bank s ESG working group created in late 2021 made progress in identifying and understanding key ESG issues, developing the Bank s governance structure at the board and management levels, and creating a high-level ESG strategy for the organization. In 2023, the Bank will continue to advance its ESG program and the ESG working group was converted into an ESG management committee. The ESG committee is composed of representatives from various areas of the Bank and will focus on further developing the strategy, governance, and a risk management framework for the Bank s ESG program, which will include processes and reporting mechanisms to identify risks and opportunities, especially in the Bank s areas of focus. 

Taxation/Assessments 
 
 The Bank is exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation, except employment and real property taxes. However, each FHLBank must set aside 10 percent of their income subject to assessment for the AHP, or such additional prorated sums as may be required so that the aggregate annual contribution of the FHLBanks is not less than 100 million. The aggregate annual contribution of the FHLBanks exceeded 100 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. For purposes of the AHP calculation, each FHLBank s income subject to assessment is defined as the individual FHLBank s net income before assessments, plus interest expense related to mandatorily redeemable capital stock. If an FHLBank experiences a net loss for a full year, the FHLBank would have no obligation to the AHP for that year since each FHLBank s required annual AHP contribution is limited to its annual income subject to assessment. AHP assessments for the Bank were 21 million, 15 million, and 28 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 19 

Table of Conten t s 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 The following discussion summarizes some of the more important risks that the Bank faces. This discussion is not exhaustive, and there may be other risks that the Bank faces, which are not described below. These risks should be read in conjunction with the other information included in this Report, including, without limitation, in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , the Financial Statements and Supplemental Data , and Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-looking Statements. The risks described below, if realized, could negatively impact the Bank s business operations, financial condition, and future results of operations and, among other things, could result in the Bank s inability to pay dividends on, and/or repurchase or redeem, its capital stock. 
 
 Business and Regulatory Risk 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact around the world, prompting federal, state, and local governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response. These developments could increase certain risks faced by the Bank and adversely affect the Bank s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, along with the governmental and public action in response to the pandemic, have created uncertainty and disruptions in the overall economic environment. Government and Federal Reserve Board s measures aiming at increasing market liquidity contributed to a significant decrease in advance demand from Bank s members during the initial years of the pandemic. More recently, supply chain disruptions caused by lockdowns and changing consumer behaviors related to the pandemic have contributed to an inflationary environment in the United States, creating market uncertainty regarding the Federal Reserve s actions and the future state of the economy. The Bank continues to monitor the impact of these increased risks and take appropriate actions. 
 
 The Bank is subject to a complex body of laws and regulations, which could change or be applied in a manner detrimental to the Bank s operations. 
 
 The FHLBanks are GSEs, organized under the authority of the FHLBank Act, and governed by federal laws and regulations as adopted and applied by the Finance Agency. Congress may amend the FHLBank Act or amend or adopt other statutes in ways that significantly affect the rights and obligations of the FHLBanks and the manner in which the FHLBanks carry out their housing finance mission and business operations. New or modified legislation enacted by Congress or regulatory requirements applied or imposed by the Finance Agency or other financial services regulators could have a negative effect on the Bank s ability to conduct business or on the cost of doing business. For example, from time to time, there have been several legislative efforts and policy proposals regarding reform of the federal support of U.S. housing finance, specifically targeting Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. If implemented, these plans may also directly and indirectly impact other GSEs that support the U.S. housing market, including the FHLBanks. In addition, certain regulations affecting the Bank s members could impact the extent to which they can engage in business with the Bank. 
 
 Changes or inconsistency in statutory or regulatory requirements, or their application, could result in, among other things, an increase in the FHLBanks cost of funding and regulatory compliance; a change in membership or permissible business activities; additional liquidity and capital requirements (including whether a member meets required tangible capital levels to access advances); a decrease in the size, scope, or nature of the FHLBanks lending or investment activities, any of which could negatively impact the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In 2022, the Finance Agency initiated a comprehensive review of the FHLBank System. This review is expected to culminate with a written report from the Finance Agency. Such report may include recommendations for statutory revisions, proposals for new or modified regulations, regulatory guidance under existing regulations, and/or other regulatory or supervisory actions consistent with the Finance Agency s statutory authority. 
 
 The Bank cannot predict what regulations will be issued or revised, or which legislation will be enacted or repealed, and nor the effect of any such regulations or legislation on the Bank s business operations and/or financial condition. Legislative, regulatory, or other changes could result in, for example, an increase in the Bank's cost of funding, a change in permissible business activities, changes in membership, limitations on advances made to members, an increase in the mandatory contribution to affordable housing or community development programs, or a decrease in the size, scope, or nature of the Bank's lending, investment, or mortgage-financing activities, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Legislative and Regulatory Developments for a discussion of recent legislative and regulatory activity that could affect the Bank. 
 
 20 

Table of Conten t s 

 Competition for advances and refinancing risk on short-term advances could have an adverse effect on earnings. 
 
 The Bank operates in a highly competitive environment. Advances are the Bank s primary product offering and represented 72.3 percent of the Bank s total assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. Demand for advances is affected by, among other factors, the cost and availability of other sources of liquidity for the Bank s members, including deposits. The Bank competes with other suppliers of wholesale funding, both secured and unsecured. Such other suppliers may include the U.S. government, investment banks, commercial banks and, in certain circumstances, other FHLBanks with which members have a relationship through affiliates. Large institutions may also have independent access to the national and global credit markets. From time to time, these alternative funding sources may offer more favorable terms on their loans than the Bank does on its advances. Any change made by the Bank in the pricing of its advances in an effort to effectively compete with these competitive funding sources may decrease the Bank s profitability on advances, which could have a material adverse impact on the Bank s financial condition and results of operations, including dividend yields to members. 
 
 The Bank is exposed to risks because of customer concentration. 
 
 The Bank is subject to customer concentration risk as a result of the Bank s reliance on a relatively small number of member institutions for a large portion of the Bank s total advances and resulting interest income. The Bank s largest borrower as of December 31, 2022, was Truist Bank, which accounted for 29.7 billion, or 26.9 percent of the Bank s total advances then outstanding. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, 10 of the Bank s member institutio ns (which includes Truist Bank collectively accounted for 75.5 billion, or 68.4 percent, of the Bank s total advances then outstanding. The financial services industry continues to experience consolidation, including among the Bank s members. If one or more of the Bank s largest borrowers ceased membership, or if the Bank were to experience a decrease in the amount of business with one or more of its largest borrowers, whether as the result of a merger or other transaction, or as a result of market conditions, competition or otherwise, the Bank s financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 
 Liquidity Risk 
 
 The Bank s funding depends upon its ability to regularly access the capital markets. 
 
 The Bank s primary source of funds is from the sale of consolidated obligations in the capital markets, including the short-term discount note market. The Bank competes with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, other GSEs, and the U.S. Treasury, as well as corporate and supranational entities for funds raised through the issuance of consolidated obligations. The Bank s ability to obtain funds through the sale of consolidated obligations depends in part on prevailing conditions in the capital markets (including investor demand), such as the effects of any reduced liquidity in financial markets, which are beyond the Bank s control. The failure to obtain such funds on terms and conditions favorable to the Bank could adversely impact the Bank s ability to manage its future liquidity. 
 
 Compliance with regulatory contingency liquidity guidance could restrict investment activities and adversely impact net interest income. 
 Liquidity is necessary to satisfy members borrowing needs on a timely basis, repay maturing and called consolidated obligations, and meet other obligations and operating requirements. Many members rely on the Bank as a source of standby liquidity, so the Bank attempts to be in a position to meet member funding needs on a timely basis. The Bank complies with regulatory liquidity requirements, which are designed to provide sufficient liquidity and to protect against temporary disruptions in the capital markets that affect the FHLB System's access to funding. Additionally, Finance Agency increased liquidity requirements to enable the Bank to provide advances and fund letters of credit for members during a sustained capital markets disruption and which therefore may require the Bank to hold an increased amount of liquid assets, which could hinder the Bank s ability to meet its core mission asset ratio, and could reduce the Bank s ability to invest in higher-yielding assets and adversely impact net interest income. 
 
 21 

Table of Conten t s 

 Market Risk 
 
 Changes in interest rates could significantly affect the Bank s earnings. 
 
 Like many financial institutions, the Bank realizes income primarily from the spread between interest earned on the Bank s outstanding advances and investments and interest paid on the Bank s borrowings and other liabilities. Although the Bank uses a number of measures to monitor and manage changes in interest rates, the Bank may experience gaps in the interest-rate sensitivities of its assets and liabilities resulting from duration mismatches. The existence of gaps in interest-rate sensitivities means that either the Bank s interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than its interest-earning assets, or vice versa. In either case, if interest rates move contrary to the Bank s position, any such gap could adversely affect the net present value of the Bank s interest-sensitive assets and liabilities, which could negatively affect the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Bank s businesses and results of operations are affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the U.S. government, foreign governments and their agencies. The Federal Reserve Board s policies directly and indirectly influence the yield on interest-earning assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, which could affect the success of the Bank s asset and liability management activities and negatively affect the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Net Interest Income for further discussion of the Bank s yield on assets and interest-rate spread. 
 
 The Bank relies upon derivative instruments to reduce its interest-rate risk associated with certain assets and liabilities on the Bank's balance sheet, including MBS and advances, and the Bank may be required to change its investment strategies and advance product offerings if it is not able to enter into effective derivative instruments on acceptable terms. 
 
 The Bank uses a significant amount of derivative instruments to attempt to reduce its interest-rate risk. The Bank determines the nature and quantity of hedging transactions based on various factors, including market conditions and the expected volume and terms of advances. As a result, the Bank's effective use of these instruments depends on the ability of the Bank to determine the appropriate hedging positions in light of the Bank's assets, liabilities, and prevailing and anticipated market conditions. In addition, the effectiveness of the Bank's hedging strategy depends upon the Bank's ability to enter into these instruments with acceptable parties, upon terms satisfactory to the Bank, and in the quantities necessary to hedge the Bank's corresponding financial instruments. 
 
 If the Bank is unable to manage its hedging positions properly or is unable to enter into hedging instruments upon acceptable terms, the Bank may be unable to manage its interest-rate and other risks or may be required to change its investment strategies and advance product offerings, which could affect the Bank's financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Prepayment or refinancing of mortgage assets could affect earnings. 
 
 The Bank invests in MBS and has at times invested in whole mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates can significantly affect the prepayment patterns of these assets, and such prepayment patterns could affect the Bank s earnings. In the Bank s experience, it is difficult to hedge prepayment risk in mortgage loans. Therefore, prepayments of mortgage assets could have an adverse effect on the income of the Bank. 
 
 The Bank may not be able to pay dividends or to repurchase or redeem members capital stock consistent with past practice. 
 
 The Bank s board of directors may declare dividends on the Bank s capital stock, payable to members, from the Bank s unrestricted retained earnings and current net earnings. The Bank s ability to pay dividends and to repurchase or redeem capital stock is subject to compliance with statutory and regulatory liquidity and capital requirements. The Bank s financial management policy addresses regulatory guidance issued to all FHLBanks regarding retained earnings. It requires the Bank to establish a target amount of retained earnings by considering factors such as forecasted income, mark-to-market adjustments on derivatives, market risk, operational risk, and credit risk, all of which may be influenced by events beyond the Bank s control. The Bank s capital plan addresses minimum regulatory capital requirements. Events such as changes in interest rates, collateral value, credit quality of members, changes to regulatory capital requirements, and any future credit losses, may affect the adequacy of the Bank s retained earnings and may require the Bank to reduce its dividends, suspend dividends altogether, or limit capital stock repurchases and redemptions to achieve and maintain the targeted amount of retained earnings or regulatory capital requirements. These actions could cause a reduction in members demand for advances, or make it difficult for the Bank to retain existing members or to attract new members. 
 
 22 

Table of Conten t s 

 Credit Risk 
 
 The Bank s exposure to credit risk could have an adverse effect on the Bank s financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 The Bank faces credit risk on advances, standby letters of credit, investments, derivatives, and mortgage loan assets. The Bank requires advances and standby letters of credit to be fully secured with collateral. The Bank evaluates the types of collateral pledged by the member and assigns a borrowing capacity to the collateral, based on the risk associated with that type of collateral. If the Bank has insufficient collateral before or after an event of payment default or failure of the member or the Bank is unable to liquidate the collateral for the value assigned to it in the event of a payment default or failure of a member, the Bank could experience a credit loss on advances or standby letters of credit, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Bank assumes secured and unsecured credit risk exposure associated with securities transactions, money market transactions, supplemental mortgage insurance agreements, and derivative contracts. The Bank routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. The insolvency or other inability of a significant counterparty to perform its obligations under a derivative contract or other agreement could have an adverse effect on the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. The Bank s credit risk may be exacerbated based on market movements that impact the value of the derivative or collateral positions, the failure of a counterparty to return collateral to the Bank, or when the collateral pledged to the Bank cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the Bank. Any failure to properly perfect the Bank s security interest in collateral or any disruption in the servicing of collateral in the event of a default could create credit losses for the Bank. 
 
 The Bank uses master derivative contracts that contain provisions that require the Bank to net the exposure under all transactions with a counterparty to one amount in order to calculate collateral requirements. Although the Bank attempts to monitor the creditworthiness of all counterparties, it is possible that the Bank may not be able to terminate the agreement with a foreign commercial bank before the counterparty would become subject to an insolvency proceeding. 
 
 The Bank is jointly and severally liable for payment of principal and interest on the consolidated obligations issued by the other FHLBanks and for jointly maintaining a minimum aggregate amount of AHP contributions 
 
 Each of the FHLBanks relies upon the issuance of consolidated obligations as a primary source of funds. Consolidated obligations are the joint and several obligations of all of the FHLBanks, backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. Accordingly, the Bank is jointly and severally liable with the other FHLBanks for the consolidated obligations issued by the FHLBanks through the Office of Finance. 
 
 Pursuant to Finance Agency regulation, an FHLBank may be required to make principal or interest payments due on any consolidated obligation, of another FHLBank, at any time. Pursuant to other arrangements to which the Bank is bound by, an FHLBank may be required to make payment of principal or interest payments due on any consolidated obligation of any other FHLBank upon failure of such FHLBank to meet an obligation. Accordingly, the Bank could incur significant liability beyond its primary obligation under consolidated obligations due to the failure of other FHLBanks to meet their obligations, which could negatively impact the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the aggregate AHP contributions of the FHLBanks were to fall below 100 million, the Finance Agency would prorate the remaining sums among the FHLBanks, subject to certain conditions, as may be required to meet the minimum 100 million annual contribution. 
 
 Changes in the Bank s credit ratings may adversely affect the Bank s ability to issue consolidated obligations on acceptable terms, and such changes may be outside the Bank s control due to changes in the U.S. sovereign ratings. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has an issuer credit rating of Aaa/P-1 by Moody's Investors Service (Moody s) and AA+/A-1+ by Standard and Poor's Ratings Services (S P). The consolidated obligations of the FHLBanks (consolidated bonds and consolidated discount notes) carry credit ratings of Aaa/P-1 by Moody s and AA+/A-1+ by S P. All ratings are with a stable outlook. Because of the FHLBanks GSE status, the credit ratings of the FHLBank System and the FHLBanks are directly influenced by the sovereign credit of the U.S., which is beyond the Bank s control. Downgrades to the U.S. sovereign credit rating and outlook would likely result in downgrades in the credit ratings and outlook on the Bank and the consolidated obligations of the FHLBanks even though the consolidated obligations are not obligations of the United States. More recently, increased concerns on the potential failure by the U.S. to address its statutory debt ceiling in a timely manner and continued 
 23 

Table of Conten t s 

 uncertainty relating to the debt limit, have increased the possibility of potential credit-rating downgrades to the U.S. sovereign credit. 
 
 These ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies; therefore, the Bank may not be able to maintain these credit ratings. Negative ratings actions or negative guidance for the Bank, including as a consequence of U.S. debt levels, the U.S. fiscal budget process, and other uncertainties may adversely affect the Bank s cost of funds and ability to issue consolidated obligations or other financial instruments on acceptable terms, trigger additional collateral requirements under the Bank s derivative contracts, and reduce the attractiveness of the Bank s standby letters of credit. This could have a negative impact on the Bank s financial condition and results of operations, including the Bank s ability to make advances on acceptable terms, pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock. 

Operational Risk 
 
 The financial models and the underlying assumptions used to value financial instruments and manage risk may differ materially from actual results. 
 
 The Bank makes significant use of business and financial models for managing risk. For example, the Bank uses models to measure and monitor exposures to various risks, including interest rate, prepayment, and other market risks, as well as credit risk. The Bank also uses models in determining the fair value of certain financial instruments when independent price quotations are not available or reliable. The degree of judgment in determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent upon the availability of quoted market prices or observable market parameters. If market quotes are not available, fair values are based on discounted cash flows using market estimates of interest rates and volatility, dealer prices or prices of similar instruments. Pricing models and their underlying assumptions are based on the Bank s best estimates for discount rates, prepayments, market volatility, and other factors. These assumptions may have a significant effect on the reported fair values of assets and liabilities, including derivatives, the related income and expense, and the expected future behavior of assets and liabilities. 
 
 While models used by the Bank to value instruments and measure risk exposures are subject to periodic validation by the Bank s staff and independent parties, rapid changes in market conditions could impact the value of the Bank s instruments, as well as the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. Models are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results because they are based on assumptions about future performance. Changes in any models or in any of the assumptions, judgments, or estimates used in the models may cause the results generated by the model to be materially different from actual results. 
 
 If the models are not reliable or the Bank does not use them appropriately, the Bank could make poor business decisions, including asset and liability management decisions, or other decisions, which could result in an adverse financial impact. Further, any strategies that the Bank employs to attempt to manage the risks associated with the use of models may not be effective. 
 
 The Bank relies heavily upon information systems and other technology. Any disruption or failure of the Bank s information systems or other technology or those of critical vendors and third parties, such as the Federal Reserve Banks, could adversely impact the Bank s business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The Bank relies heavily upon information systems and other technology to conduct and manage its business. The Bank owns some of these systems and technology, and third parties own and provide to the Bank some of those systems and technology. The Bank s information systems rely on certain critical vendors to provide technology solutions. Computer systems, software, and networks can be vulnerable to failures and interruptions, including as the result of any cyberattacks (e.g., breaches, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other events) or other breaches of technology security, that may derive from human error or malfeasance on the part of employees or third parties, other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, failure to implement key information technology initiatives, or accidental technological failure. At times, there may be an increased risk of cyberattacks as a result of geopolitical conflicts. These failures, interruptions, or cyberattacks could jeopardize the confidentiality or integrity of information, including personally identifiable information, result in fraudulent wire transfers, or otherwise interrupt the Bank s ability to conduct and manage its business effectively, including, without limitation, its deposit account management, hedging activities, and advances activities. The Bank can make no assurance that it or its third-party vendors will be able to prevent, timely and adequately address, or mitigate the negative effects of any such failure, interruption, or cyberattack. 
 24 

Table of Conten t s 

Like many financial institutions, the Bank has seen an increase in cyberattack attempts. For the Bank, these attempts have predominantly occurred through phishing, social engineering scams, and ransomware. The Bank s operations rely on the availability and functioning of its main office and off-site backup facilities. The Bank devotes substantial resources and deploys preventative measures to secure the Bank s systems, including firewalls, email security, and anti-virus solutions. These measures, or the Bank s system redundancies and other continuity measures, may be ineffective or insufficient, and the Bank s business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. A failure or interruption in our business continuity, disaster recovery or certain information systems, or a cybersecurity event, could significantly harm the Bank s reputation, its customer relations, risk management, and profitability, and could result in financial losses, legal and regulatory sanctions, increased costs, or other harm. While the Bank maintains insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance may be insufficient to cover all losses or types of claims that may arise. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Bank may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its layers of defense, to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, or to comply with regulatory requirements. 
 
 Additionally, the Bank relies on the Office of Finance to facilitate the issuance and servicing of its consolidated obligations. A failure or interruption of the Office of Finance's operating systems as a result of breaches of technology security or cyberattacks could disrupt the Bank s access to funds, and could significantly harm the Bank s reputation, its customer relations, risk management, and profitability, and could result in financial losses, legal and regulatory sanctions, increased costs, or other harm. 
 
 The Bank s controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, and risk management policies and procedures may be inadequate. 
 
 The Bank may fail to identify and manage risks related to a variety of aspects of its business, including operational risk, legal and compliance risk, interest-rate risk, liquidity risk, market risk, and credit risk. The Bank has adopted controls, procedures, policies, and systems to monitor and manage these risks. The Bank s management cannot provide complete assurance that those controls, procedures, policies, and systems are adequate to identify and manage the risks inherent in the Bank s business. In addition, because the Bank s business continues to evolve, the Bank may fail to fully understand the implications of changes in the business, and therefore, it may fail to enhance the Bank s risk governance framework to timely or adequately address those changes. Failed or inadequate controls and risk management practices could have an adverse effect on the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 An economic downturn could adversely affect the Bank s profitability and financial condition. 
 
 Economic recession over a prolonged period or other unfavorable economic conditions in the Bank s region (including on a state or local level) could have an adverse effect on the Bank s business, including the demand for Bank products and services, and the value of the Bank s collateral securing advances, investments, and mortgage loans held in portfolio. Moreover, adverse trends in employment levels, high inflation rates during a prolonged period which may significantly impact operational costs, geopolitical instability or conflicts (including the Russia and Ukraine war), trade disruptions, economic or other sanctions, or a sustained capital market correction could adversely affect overall economic conditions, and in turn result in adverse consequences in the Bank s or its members businesses. If economic and market conditions deteriorate, the Bank s financial condition, results of operation, ability to pay dividends, or redeem or repurchase capital stock could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Natural disasters, including those resulting from climate change, in the Bank s region, could adversely affect the Bank s operations, profitability and financial condition. 
 
 Portions of the Bank s region also are subject to risks from hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wildfires and other natural disasters. The Bank s region includes areas designated as Special Flood Hazard Areas (SFHAs) which are deemed particularly vulnerable. Climate change contributes to the increasing unpredictability of major natural disasters, which could negatively affect the Bank s ability to predict losses from such events. 
 
 These natural disasters could damage or dislocate the facilities or the underlying business of the Bank s members, may damage or destroy collateral that members have pledged to secure advances or the mortgages the Bank holds for portfolio, create imbalances on insurance such as inadequate insurance, insurance shortfalls, premium increases, may impact to or the livelihood of borrowers of the Bank s members, or otherwise could cause significant economic dislocation in the affected areas of the Bank s region. Natural disasters could disrupt the Bank s operations or the operations of third parties on which the Bank relies. Steps to address the risk of more frequent or severe weather events resulting from climate change could result in a potentially disruptive transition away from carbon-intense industries and create additional transitional risks and costs that include those to 
 25 

Table of Conten t s 

 adapt to new regulation to address climate change risks. Such a transition could negatively impact certain regions and regional economies, affecting the ability of borrowers in those industries or regions to pay their mortgage loans. Legal or regulatory responses to concerns about global climate change may lead to higher costs of compliance and increasing direct and indirect expenses and lending costs for the Bank s members. 
 
 The loss of key personnel or difficulties recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, including as a result of executive compensation regulatory requirements, could adversely impact the Bank s business and financial results. 
 
 The Bank relies on key personnel for many of its functions and has a relatively small workforce, given the size and complexity of its business. The Bank s ability to attract and retain such personnel is important for it to conduct its operations and measure and maintain risk and financial controls. Additionally, the Bank must continue to recruit, retain and motivate a qualified and diverse pool of employees, both to maintain the Bank s current business, including succession planning, and to execute its strategic initiatives. Like many organizations, the Bank has experienced increased competition in its recruitment and retention of employees. If the Bank is unable to recruit, retain and motivate such employees, its business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 
 Each FHLBank s board of directors has the statutory authority and responsibility to select, employ and fix the compensation of its officers and employees in order to help ensure the hiring and retention of qualified staff. However, as the regulator of the FHLBanks, the Finance Agency has the authority to determine whether compensation paid to any executive officer is in its view not reasonable and comparable with compensation for employment in other similar businesses involving similar duties and responsibilities. Depending on how such authority is exercised, the Bank s ability to hire and retain qualified executive officers could be adversely affected. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 The Bank owns approximately 235,514 square feet of office space at 1475 Peachtree Street, NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30309. The Bank occupies approximately 220,017 square feet of this space and leases the remaining space to tenants. The Bank leases an off-site backup facilities comprising approximately 9,402 square feet for the Bank s disaster recovery office space. The Bank also leases 2,993 square feet of office space located in Washington, D.C., which is shared with two other FHLBanks. The Bank s management believes these facilities are well maintained and are adequate for the purposes for which they currently are used. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Bank may be subject to various legal proceedings and actions from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. After consultation with legal counsel, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of those matters presently known to the Bank will have a material adverse impact on the Bank s financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 The Bank s members own substantially all of the capital stock of the Bank. Former members and certain non-members, which own the Bank s capital stock as a result of a merger or acquisition of the Bank s member, own the remaining capital stock to support business transactions still carried on the Bank s balance sheet. The Bank s capital stock is not publicly traded or quoted, and there is no established marketplace for it, nor does the Bank expect a market to develop. The FHLBank Act and the Bank s capital plan prohibit the trading of its capital stock, except in connection with merger or acquisition activity. 
 
 26 

Table of Conten t s 

 A member may request in writing that the Bank redeem its excess capital stock at par value. Excess capital stock is FHLBank capital stock not required to be held by the member to meet its minimum stock requirement under an FHLBank s capital plan. Any such redemption request is subject to a five-year redemption period after the Bank receives the request, subject to certain regulatory requirements and to the satisfaction of any ongoing stock investment requirements applicable to the member. In addition, any member may withdraw from membership upon five years written notice to the Bank. Subject to the member s satisfaction of any outstanding indebtedness and other statutory requirements, the Bank redeems the member s capital stock at par value upon withdrawal from membership. The Bank, in its discretion, may repurchase shares held by a member in excess of its required stock holdings, subject to certain limitations and thresholds in the Bank s capital plan. The par value of all capital stock is 100 per share, and the operating threshold for daily excess capital stock repurchases is 100 thousand. As of February 28, 2023, the Bank had 798 member and non-member shareholders and 57 million shares of its capital stock outstanding (including mandatorily redeemable shares). 
 
 Finance Agency regulations prohibit any FHLBank from issuing dividends in the form of capital stock or otherwise issuing new excess capital stock if that FHLBank has excess capital stock greater than one percent of that FHLBank s total assets or if issuing such dividends or new excess capital stock would cause that FHLBank to exceed the one percent excess capital stock limitation. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s excess capital stock did not exceed one percent of its total assets. Historically, the Bank has not issued dividends in the form of capital stock or issued new excess capital stock, and a member s existing excess activity-based stock is applied to activity-based stock requirements related to new advances or standby letters of credit, as applicable. 
 
 The Bank s board of directors has adopted a financial management policy that includes a targeted amount of retained earnings separate and apart from the restricted retained earnings account. For further discussion of those provisions of the financial management policy, dividends, and the Amended Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (Capital Agreement) pursuant to which the restricted retained earnings account was established, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Condition - Capital . 
 
 Because only members, former members, and certain non-member institutions, not individuals, may own the Bank s capital stock, the Bank has no equity compensation plans. 
 
 The Bank also issues standby letters of credit in the ordinary course of its business. From time to time, the Bank provides standby letters of credit to support members obligations, members standby letters of credit, or obligations issued to support unaffiliated, third-party offerings of notes, bonds, or other securities. The Bank issued 11.4 billion, 19.9 billion, and 43.0 billion in standby letters of credit in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. To the extent that these standby letters of credit are securities for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, the issuance of the standby letter of credit by the Bank is exempt from registration pursuant to section 3(a)(2) thereof. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the Bank s financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This section explains the changes in certain key items in the Bank s financial statements from year to year, the primary factors driving those changes, the Bank s risk management processes and results, known trends or uncertainties that the Bank believes may have a material effect on the Bank s future performance, as well as how certain accounting principles affect the Bank s financial statements. For a discussion on the comparison between the results of operations for the years ended 2021 and 2020, see the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which are contained in the Bank s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022. 
 
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Bank s audited financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. Readers also should carefully review Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors , for a description of the forward-looking statements in this Report and a discussion of the factors that might cause the Bank s actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from these forward-looking statements. 
 
 27 

Table of Conten t s 

 Executive Summary 
 
 Recent Market Conditions 
 
 The Bank s overall results of operations are influenced by the economy and the financial markets. In particular, market conditions impact members demand for advances, and the Bank s ability to maintain sufficient access to sources of funding at favorable costs. 
 
 Throughout 2022 and continuing into 2023, the Federal Reserve Open Markets Committee (FOMC) raised the target range for the federal funds rate as part of the FOMC s efforts to manage inflation. Most recently, on February 1, 2023, the FOMC raised the target range for the federal funds rate to 4.50 percent to 4.75 percent after taking into consideration recent economic indicators including the following: modest growth in spending and production, job gains in recent months, low unemployment rate, the continued global uncertainty caused by Russia s war against Ukraine, and continued elevated inflation. The FOMC also announced it would continue to reduce holdings of Treasury securities and agency debt and agency MBS, according to previously announced plans. These initiatives are consistent with the FOMC s commitment to return inflation to its 2.00 percent objective. 
 
 Even though the Bank operates with narrow margins, recent market conditions have favorably impacted profitability as advance volumes increased. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 The following table presents the Bank s total assets, total liabilities, and total capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in millions). These items are discussed in more detail below. 
 As of December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Total assets 151,622 78,746 72,876 92.55 Total liabilities 143,976 74,151 69,825 94.17 Total capital 7,646 4,595 3,051 66.41 
 Total assets increased primarily due to a 64.2 billion, or 141.3 percent, increase in total advances, and a 9.1 billion, or 28.5 percent, increase in total investments. Increased demand for liquidity from the Bank s members was the primary driver of the increase in advance balances. 
 Total liabilities increased primarily due to a 69.8 billion, or 97.4 percent, increase in consolidated obligations as a result of increased funding and liquidity needs during the year. 
 The increase in capital stock was primarily due to the increase in advances which resulted in an increase in activity based stock, as well as an increase to the minimum stock requirement factor from 3.75 percent to 4.25 percent for activity-based stock related to member s outstanding par value of advances. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the Bank s significant income items for the years presented and provides information regarding the changes during those years (dollars in millions). These items are discussed in more detail below. Change For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent Net interest income 327 281 333 46 16.17 (52) (15.51) Reversal of provision for credit losses (1) 1 65.16 (1) 27.30 Noninterest income 16 15 113 1 10.51 (98) (86.68) Noninterest expense 138 149 163 (11) (6.86) (14) (9.01) Affordable Housing Program assessment 21 15 28 6 38.55 (13) (47.73) Net income 184 133 255 51 38.54 (122) (47.73) 
 
 Net interest income included 2 million and 59 million of advance prepayment fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 28 

Table of Conten t s 

 After considering the impact of the decrease in advance prepayment fees, net interest income was favorably impacted by an increase in advance balances, partially offset by an increase in interest rates which impacted interest bearing-liabilities more than the increase in interest-earning assets. 
 
 Average advance balances were 75.8 billion for 2022, compared to 47.9 billion for 2021. 
 
 The following table presents the Bank s significant income ratios for the years presented. These items are discussed in more detail below. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Return on average equity (ROE) 3.18 2.79 3.95 0.39 (1.16) Average daily SOFR 1.64 0.04 0.36 1.60 (0.32) ROE spread to average daily SOFR 1.54 2.75 3.59 (1.21) (0.84) Interest-rate spread 0.16 0.34 0.22 (0.18) 0.12 
 
 The increase in ROE for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the increase in net income. 
 
 The ROE spread to average daily SOFR for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was impacted by the explanations provided above related to changes in ROE, offset by an increase in average daily SOFR. 
 
 The decrease in the Bank s interest-rate spread for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, was primarily due to increases in interest rates that impacted the expense from interest-bearing liabilities more than the income from interest-earning assets and the decrease in advance prepayment fees. 

Business Outlook 
 
 The Bank s business model is focused on enhancing the total value of the cooperative for its members by serving as their trusted advisor. The Bank focuses these efforts on offering readily available, competitively priced advances, a potential return on investment, support for community investment activities, and other credit and noncredit products and services. As part of the Bank s cooperative structure, the Bank has chosen to operate with narrow margins, passing on its low funding costs to members, which causes the Bank s profitability to be sensitive to changes in market conditions. 
 
 The state of the economy is a significant component in determining the Bank s overall business outlook as it impacts advance demand, asset and collateral values, member financial stability, funding costs, and many other facets of the Bank s portfolio. External factors such as liquidity levels at member institutions, fiscal and monetary policies, performance of global economies, and regulatory changes could have a significant effect either positive or negative on the Bank s financial performance. 
 
 Interest rates are also a significant factor on the Bank s business outlook. Changes in interest rates can impact the Bank s interest rate risk management, profitability, and ROE. It can also impact member advance demand, as rate uncertainty can impact deposit levels at the Bank s members. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, along with the governmental and public action in response to the pandemic, created uncertainty and disruptions in the overall economic environment. The government and the FOMC s measures aimed at increasing market liquidity contributed to a significant decrease in advance demand from Bank s members during the initial years of the pandemic until early 2022. More recently, global uncertainty caused by Russia s war against Ukraine, supply chain disruptions, and increased inflation rates in the United States continue to generate uncertainty as to the pace of the economic recovery in the near future. New FOMC measures beginning in 2022 have been targeting a reduction in market liquidity to manage inflation. This reduction in overall market liquidity has resulted in an increased demand for the Bank s advances. 
 
 Merger activity involving the Bank s members can impact the Bank s business outlook. As the financial industry continues to experience consolidation, our membership base may decrease, and our advance balance and other business could increase or decrease significantly depending upon the size of the financial institutions involved in the merger. While the Bank s balance sheet is designed to expand and contract based upon advance demand, the Bank s business could be affected by this merger activity, including as a result of a single event, such as the loss of a member s business due to acquisition by a non-member. 

29 

Table of Conten t s 

 Financial Condition 
 The following table presents the distribution of the Bank s total assets, liabilities, and capital by major class as of the dates indicated (dollars in millions). These items are discussed in more detail below. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Change Amount Percent of Total Amount Percent of Total Amount Percent Advances 109,595 72.28 45,415 57.67 64,180 141.32 Investment securities 25,339 16.71 17,713 22.49 7,626 43.06 Other investments 15,563 10.27 14,108 17.92 1,455 10.31 Mortgage loans, net 120 0.08 149 0.19 (29) (19.63) Other assets 1,005 0.66 1,361 1.73 (356) (26.21) Total assets 151,622 100.00 78,746 100.00 72,876 92.55 Consolidated obligations, net: Discount notes 39,781 27.63 25,506 34.40 14,275 55.97 Bonds 101,729 70.66 46,186 62.29 55,543 120.26 Deposits 1,821 1.26 2,054 2.77 (233) (11.34) Other liabilities 645 0.45 405 0.54 240 59.37 Total liabilities 143,976 100.00 74,151 100.00 69,825 94.17 Capital stock 5,397 70.58 2,383 51.85 3,014 126.51 Retained earnings 2,283 29.86 2,228 48.49 55 2.47 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (34) (0.44) (16) (0.34) (18) 114.55 Total capital 7,646 100.00 4,595 100.00 3,051 66.41 

Advances 
 
 T he following table presents the Bank s advances outstanding by year of maturity and the related weighted-average interest rate (dollars in millions): 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Amount Weighted-average Interest Rate ) Amount Weighted-average Interest Rate ) Due in one year or less 78,134 4.35 21,819 0.29 Due after one year through two years 12,981 4.25 3,247 1.20 Due after two years through three years 7,982 3.79 2,236 1.83 Due after three years through four years 4,033 3.86 3,145 1.51 Due after four years through five years 2,427 3.31 3,047 2.21 Due after five years through 15 years 4,750 3.07 10,920 1.65 Thereafter 2 2.47 513 3.39 Total par value 110,309 4.20 44,927 1.02 Deferred prepayment fees 3 (70) Discounts (2) (3) Hedging adjustments (715) 561 Total 109,595 45,415 
 
 Total advances increased by 141.3 percent as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. A significant percentage of advances originated during 2022 were short-term advances. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 45.5 percent and 78.1 percent, respectively, of the Bank s advances were fixed rate. However, the Bank often simultaneously entered into derivatives with the issuance of advances to convert the rates, in effect, 
 30 

Table of Conten t s 

 into short-term variable interest rates, primarily based on SOFR. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 34.5 percent and 59.6 percent, respectively, of the Bank s fixed-rate advances were swapped. The majority of the Bank s variable-rate advances were indexed to SOFR and OIS. The Bank also offers variable-rate advances that may be tied to indices such as the federal funds rate, prime rate, or constant maturity swap rates. 
 
 The Bank s 10 largest borrowing member institutions had 68.4 percent of the Bank s total advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Further information regarding the Bank s 10 largest borrowing member institutions and breakdown of their individual advance balances as of December 31, 2022 is contained in Item 1 . Business Credit Products Advances . Management believes that the Bank holds sufficient collateral, on a member-specific basis, to secure the advances to all borrowers, including these 10 institutions, and the Bank does not expect to incur any credit losses on these advances. 

Investments 
 
 The following table presents more detailed information regarding investments held by the Bank (dollars in millions). 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Change Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five through 10 years Due after 10 years Total Amount Percent Investment securities: Available-for-sale securities: U. S. Treasury obligations 2,615 98 2,713 2,639 74 2.81 Held-to-maturity securities: State or local housing agency debt obligations 1 1 1 Government-sponsored enterprises debt obligations 75 1,415 60 1,550 1,450 100 6.90 Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. agency obligations-guaranteed residential 
 1 1 255 257 221 36 16.57 Government-sponsored enterprises residential 
 1 25 152 5,326 5,504 4,927 577 11.70 Government-sponsored enterprises commercial 
 10 2,699 11,988 617 15,314 8,475 6,839 80.70 Total mortgage-backed securities 11 2,725 12,141 6,198 21,075 13,623 7,452 54.71 Total held-to-maturity securities 86 4,141 12,201 6,198 22,626 15,074 7,552 50.10 Total investment securities 2,701 4,239 12,201 6,198 25,339 17,713 7,626 43.06 Interest-bearing deposits 1,277 1,277 688 589 85.43 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 6,250 6,250 7,000 (750) (10.71) Federal funds sold (1) 
 8,036 8,036 6,420 1,616 25.17 Total other investments 15,563 15,563 14,108 1,455 10.31 Total investments 18,264 4,239 12,201 6,198 40,902 31,821 9,081 28.54 Weighted-average yields on (2): 
 Available-for-sale securities 1.89 4.31 0.00 0.00 Held-to-maturity securities 4.57 2.96 4.29 4.19 _________ 
 (1) Federal funds sold includes 190 million and 199 million with BankUnited, National Association, one of the Bank s 10 largest borrowers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) The weighted average yields on available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities are calculated as the sum of each debt security using the period- end balances multiplied by the coupon rate adjusted by the impact of amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts, divided by the total debt securities in the applicable available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities portfolio. 
 
 The Finance Agency regulations prohibit an FHLBank from purchasing MBS and asset-backed securities if its investment in such securities would exceed 300 percent of the FHLBank s previous month-end regulatory capital on the day it would purchase the securities. The Bank was in compliance with this regulatory requirement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as these investments were 274 percent and 295 percent of the Bank s regulatory capital, respectively. The increase in MBS as of 
 31 

Table of Conten t s 

 December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, was due to an increase in regulatory capital which increased the Bank s capacity to invest in MBS. 
 
 The amount held in other investments varies each day based on the Bank s liquidity needs as a result of advances demand, the earnings rates, and the availability of high-quality counterparties in the federal funds market. The increase in other investments as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, is primarily due to the need to fund increased advance demand. 

Mortgage Loans Held for Portfolio 
 The Bank purchased fixed-rate residential mortgage loans directly from PFIs and through participation in eligible mortgage loans from other FHLBanks. The decrease in mortgage loans held for portfolio from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the maturity and prepayments of these assets during the year. 
 The following table presents the Bank s mortgage loans outstanding by redemption terms (dollars in millions). 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Due in one year or less 8 10 Due in one year through five years 40 36 Due after five years through 15 years 64 91 Thereafter 8 13 Total unpaid principal balance 120 150 Other adjustment, net (1) 
 (1) Total mortgage loans held for portfolio 120 149 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 120 149 ____________ 
 (1) Consists of premiums, discounts, and hedging adjustments. 
 Members that sold mortgage loans to the Bank were located primarily in the southeastern United States; therefore, the Bank s conventional mortgage loan portfolio was concentrated in that region as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table presents the percentage of unpaid principal balance of conventional residential mortgage loans held for portfolio for the five largest state concentrations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Percent of Total Percent of Total Florida 22.52 23.14 South Carolina 22.18 22.45 Virginia 11.28 10.92 Georgia 11.01 11.41 North Carolina 7.85 8.47 All other 25.16 23.61 Total 100.00 100.00 

Deposits 
 
 The Bank offers demand and overnight deposit programs to members and qualifying non-members primarily as a liquidity management service. In addition, a member that services mortgage loans may deposit funds in the Bank that are collected in connection with the mortgage loans, pending disbursement of those funds to the owners of the mortgage loans. All the Bank s deposits are uninsured. For demand deposits, the Bank pays interest at the overnight rate. Most of these deposits represent member liquidity investments, which members may withdraw on demand. Therefore, the total account balance of the Bank s deposits may fluctuate significantly. As a matter of prudence, the Bank typically invests deposit funds in liquid short-term assets. Member loan demand, deposit flows, and liquidity management strategies influence the amount and volatility of deposit balances carried with the Bank. 
 
 32 

Table of Conten t s 

 Consolidated Obligations 
 The Bank funds its assets primarily through the issuance of consolidated obligation bonds and consolidated obligation discount notes. The increase in consolidated obligations from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily a result of an increase in advances outstanding and increased liquidity needs during the year. Consolidated obligation issuances financed 93.3 percent of the 151.6 billion in total assets as of December 31, 2022, a slight increase from the financing ratio of 91.0 percent as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank often simultaneously entered into derivatives with the issuance of fixed-rate consolidated obligation bonds to convert the interest rates, in effect, into short-term variable interest rates, primarily based on SOFR. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 91.9 percent and 83.8 percent, respectively, of the Bank s fixed-rate consolidated obligation bonds were swapped. None of the Bank s variable-rate consolidated obligation bonds were swapped as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 28.7 percent of the Bank s fixed-rate consolidated obligation discount notes were swapped and none of the Bank s fixed-rate consolidated obligation discount notes were swapped as of December 31, 2021. 

Capital 
 The FHLBank Act and Finance Agency regulations specify that each FHLBank must meet certain minimum regulatory capital standards. The Bank must maintain (1) total regulatory capital in an amount equal to at least four percent of its total assets; (2) leverage capital in an amount equal to at least five percent of its total assets; and (3) permanent capital in an amount equal to at least its regulatory risk-based capital requirement. Permanent capital is defined by the FHLBank Act and applicable regulations as the sum of paid-in capital for Class B stock and retained earnings. Mandatorily redeemable capital stock is considered capital for regulatory purposes . These regulatory capital requirements, and the Bank s compliance with these requirements, are presented in detail in Note 10 Capital to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements. 
 Finance Agency regulations establish criteria for four capital classifications, based on the amount and type of capital held by an FHLBank, as follows: 
 Adequately Capitalized - FHLBank meets or exceeds both risk-based and minimum capital requirements; 
 Undercapitalized - FHLBank does not meet one or both of its risk-based or minimum capital requirements; 
 Significantly Undercapitalized - FHLBank has less than 75 percent of one or both of its risk-based or minimum capital requirements; and 
 Critically Undercapitalized - FHLBank total capital is two percent or less of total assets. 
 The Director of the Finance Agency (Director) will make a capital classification for each FHLBank at least quarterly and notify the FHLBank in writing of any proposed action and provide an opportunity for the FHLBank to submit information relevant to such action. The Director is permitted to make discretionary reclassifications. An FHLBank must provide written notice to the Finance Agency within 10 days of any event or development that has caused or is likely to cause its permanent or total capital to fall below the level required to maintain its most recent capital classification or reclassification. In the event that an FHLBank is not adequately capitalized, the regulations delineate the types of prompt corrective actions that the Director may order, including submission of a capital restoration plan by the FHLBank and restrictions on its dividends, stock redemptions, executive compensation, new business activities, or any other actions the Director determines will ensure safe and sound operations and capital compliance by the FHLBank. On February 3, 2023, the Bank received notification from the Finance Agency that, based on December 31, 2022 data, it will recommend to the Director that the Bank meets the definition of "adequately capitalized. 
 
 Each FHLBank is required to maintain a ratio of at least two percent of capital stock to total assets, measured on a daily average basis at month end. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was in compliance with this ratio. 
 
 The Amended Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement (the Capital Agreement) provides that each FHLBank will, on a quarterly basis, contribute 20 percent of its net income to a separate restricted retained earnings account until the balance of that account, calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter, equals at least one percent of that FHLBank's average balance of outstanding consolidated obligations (excluding fair-value adjustments) for the calendar quarter. Restricted retained earnings are not available to pay dividends and are presented separately on the Statements of Condition. 
 
 Under the Bank s financial management policy, the Bank targets were to maintain (1) a capital-to-assets ratio of 4.50 percent to 6.00 percent; (2) a retained earnings account balance equal to the restricted retained earnings account balance, plus extremely stressed scenario losses; and (3) unrestricted retained earnings greater than the retained earnings target. The Bank believes that 
 33 

Table of Conten t s 

 daily excess stock repurchases and consistent dividends give members greater certainty of a return of their principal or the receipt of a dividend, which in turn may have a positive impact on members appetite for advances. The Bank seeks to pay an amount of dividends each quarter that are consistent with an attractive rate of return on capital to its member shareholders relative to an established benchmark after providing for retained earnings as discussed above. Beginning in 2021, the Bank began using SOFR as the index for its dividend spreads. The Bank s ability to maintain dividends depends on the Bank s actual performance, its ability to maintain adequate retained earnings, other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors , and the discretion of the Bank s board of directors. Information about dividends paid by the Bank during 2022, 2021, and 2020, is contained in Note 10 Capital to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following is a discussion and analysis of the Bank s results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net Income 
 The following table presents the Bank s significant income items for the years presented and provides information regarding the changes during those years (dollars in millions). These items are discussed in more detail below. 
 Change For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent Net interest income 327 281 333 46 16.17 (52) (15.51) Reversal of provision for credit losses (1) 1 65.16 (1) 27.30 Noninterest income 16 15 113 1 10.51 (98) (86.68) Noninterest expense 138 149 163 (11) (6.86) (14) (9.01) Affordable Housing Program assessment 21 15 28 6 38.55 (13) (47.73) Net income 184 133 255 51 38.54 (122) (47.73) 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The primary source of the Bank s earnings is net interest income. Net interest income equals interest earned on assets (including member advances, mortgage loans, MBS held in portfolio, and other investments), less the interest expense incurred on liabilities (including consolidated obligations, deposits, and other borrowings). Also included in net interest income are miscellaneous related items such as prepayment fees, the amortization of debt issuance discounts, concession fees, and certain derivative instruments and hedging activities related adjustments. 
 
 The following table presents key components of net interest income for the years presented (in millions): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Advances 1,748 306 870 Investments 755 133 394 Mortgage loans 7 9 13 Loans to other FHLBanks Total interest income 2,511 448 1,277 Interest expense: Consolidated obligations 2,150 167 939 Interest-bearing deposits 34 5 Total interest expense 2,184 167 944 Net interest income 327 281 333 
 
 As discussed above, net interest income includes components of hedging activity. When hedging relationships qualify for hedge accounting, the interest components of the hedging derivatives will be reflected in interest income or expense. Fair value gains and losses of derivatives and hedged items designated in fair value hedging relationships are also recognized in interest income or interest expense. When a hedging relationship is discontinued, the cumulative fair value adjustment on the hedged item will 
 34 

Table of Conten t s 

 be amortized into interest income or expense over the remaining life of the asset or liability. The impact of hedging on net interest income was a decrease of 211 million, 219 million, and 285 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Below are the primary factors that impacted net interest income and net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Net interest income included 2 million and 59 million of advance prepayment fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 After considering the impact of the decrease in advance prepayment fees, net interest income was favorably impacted by an increase in advance balances, partially offset by an increase in interest rates which impacted interest bearing-liabilities more than the increase in interest-earning assets. 
 
 Average advance balances were 75.8 billion for 2022, compared to 47.9 billion for 2021. 

The following table presents spreads between the average yield on total interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (dollars in millions). The interest-rate spread is affected by the inclusion or exclusion of net interest income or expense associated with the Bank s derivatives. If the derivatives do not qualify for fair-value hedge accounting under GAAP, the interest income or expense associated with the derivatives is excluded from net interest income and from the calculation of interest-rate spread and is recorded in Noninterest income (loss) as Net (losses) gains on derivatives. Amortization associated with some hedging-related basis adjustments is also reflected in net interest income, which affects interest-rate spread. The Bank s interest-rate spread was 16 basis points, 34 basis points, and 22 basis points for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The decrease in interest-rate spread for 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily due to increases in interest rates that impacted the expense from interest-bearing liabilities more than the income from interest-earning assets. The decrease in the interest-rate spread for 2022, compared to 2021, was also impacted by the decrease in advance prepayment fees. 
 35 

Table of Conten t s 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate ) Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate ) Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate ) Assets Interest-bearing deposits (1) 
 2,869 62 2.17 1,516 2 0.12 3,273 17 0.54 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 6,940 143 2.06 3,966 2 0.07 8,248 32 0.39 Federal funds sold 10,124 173 1.71 10,299 8 0.08 12,423 48 0.39 Investment securities (2) 
 19,752 377 1.91 18,305 121 0.66 24,850 297 1.19 Advances (3) 
 75,780 1,748 2.31 47,912 306 0.64 80,991 870 1.07 Mortgage loans (4) 
 132 7 5.17 179 9 5.37 260 13 4.90 Loans to other FHLBanks 28 1 2.67 2 0.07 1 0.09 Total interest-earning assets 115,625 2,511 2.17 82,179 448 0.55 130,046 1,277 0.98 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans 
 (1) Other assets 825 1,113 1,626 Total assets 116,450 83,292 131,671 Liabilities and Capital Interest-bearing deposits (5) 
 2,111 34 1.63 2,456 1,982 5 0.23 Consolidated obligations, net: Discount notes 43,530 805 1.85 23,617 12 0.05 52,397 357 0.68 Bonds 62,955 1,345 2.14 51,785 155 0.30 69,865 582 0.83 Other borrowings 13 1.08 1 3.41 3 2.70 Total interest-bearing liabilities 108,609 2,184 2.01 77,859 167 0.21 124,247 944 0.76 Other liabilities 2,038 654 971 Total capital 5,803 4,779 6,453 Total liabilities and capital 116,450 83,292 131,671 Net interest income and net yield on interest-earning assets 
 327 0.28 281 0.34 333 0.26 Interest-rate spread 0.16 0.34 0.22 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 
 106.46 105.55 104.67 
 ____________ 
 (1) Includes amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral paid under master netting agreements with derivative counterparties. 
 (2) Includes trading securities at fair value and available-for-sale securities at amortized cost. 
 (3) Interest income and average yield include net prepayment fees on advances of 2 million, 59 million, and 60 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (4) Nonperforming mortgage loans are included in average balances used to determine average rate. 
 (5) Includes amounts recognized for the right to return cash collateral received under master netting agreements with derivative counterparties. 
 
 36 

Table of Conten t s 

 Net interest income for the years presented was affected by changes in average balances (volume change) and changes in average rates (rate change) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The following table presents the extent to which volume changes and rate changes affected the Bank s interest income and interest expense (in millions). As presented in the table below and as discussed above, the overall changes in net interest income during 2022, compared to 2021, were due to changes in both average balances and interest rates. 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Volume (1) 
 Rate (1) 
 Total Change Volume (1) 
 Rate (1) 
 Total Change Change in interest income: Interest-bearing deposits 3 57 60 (6) (9) (15) Securities purchased under agreements to resell 4 137 141 (11) (19) (30) Federal funds sold 165 165 (7) (33) (40) Investment securities 9 247 256 (65) (111) (176) Advances 263 1,179 1,442 (283) (281) (564) Mortgage loans (2) (2) (5) 1 (4) Loans to other FHLBanks 1 1 Total 277 1,786 2,063 (377) (452) (829) Change in interest expense: Interest-bearing deposits 34 34 1 (6) (5) Consolidated obligations, net: Discount notes 18 775 793 (128) (217) (345) Bonds 
 41 1,149 1,190 (123) (304) (427) Total 59 1,958 2,017 (250) (527) (777) Change in net interest income 218 (172) 46 (127) 75 (52) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Volume change is calculated as the change in volume multiplied by the previous rate, while rate change is calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the previous volume. The rate/volume change, calculated as the change in rate multiplied by the change in volume, is allocated between volume change and rate change at the ratio each component bears to the absolute value of its total. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activity 
 The following tables present the net effect of derivatives and hedging activity on the Bank s results of operations for the years presented (in millions): 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Advances Consolidated Obligation Bonds Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Total Net interest income: Amortization or accretion of active hedging relationships 
 (185) (12) (197) Net changes in fair value hedges 
 213 4 1 218 Net interest settlements on derivatives (1) 
 (17) (187) (32) (236) Other (2) 
 4 4 Total effect on net interest income 15 (195) (31) (211) Effect on noninterest income: Gains on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting including net interest settlements 2 2 
 ____________ 
 (1) Represents interest income or expense on derivatives included in net interest income. 
 (2) Amount in Other includes the price alignment amount on derivatives for which variation margin is characterized as daily settled contract. 
 
 37 

Table of Conten t s 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Advances Investments Consolidated Obligation Bonds Total Net interest income: Amortization or accretion of hedging activities (99) (99) Net changes in fair value hedges 125 (8) 117 Net interest settlements on derivatives (1) 
 (331) 113 (218) Other (2) 
 (19) (19) Total effect on net interest income (324) 105 (219) Effect on noninterest income: Gains on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting including net interest settlements 1 1 2 Net losses on trading securities (3) 
 (1) (1) Total effect on noninterest income 1 1 
 ____________ 
 (1) Represents interest income or expense on derivatives included in net interest income. 
 (2) Amount in Other includes the price alignment amount on derivatives for which variation margin is characterized as daily settled contract. 
 (3) Includes only those gains or losses on trading securities or financial instruments held at fair value that have an economic derivative assigned; therefore, this line item may not agree to the income statement. 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Advances Investments Consolidated Obligation Bonds Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Total Effect on net interest income: Amortization or accretion of hedging activities (56) (2) (58) Net changes in fair value hedges 36 2 38 Net interest settlements on derivatives (1) 
 (341) 41 39 (261) Other (2) 
 (4) (4) Total effect on net interest income (365) 41 39 (285) Effect on noninterest income: Losses on derivatives not receiving hedge accounting including net interest settlements (2) (4) (6) Net gains on trading securities (3) 
 3 3 Total effect on noninterest income (2) (1) (3) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Represents interest income or expense on derivatives included in net interest income. 
 (2) Amount in Other includes the price alignment amount on derivatives for which variation margin is characterized as daily settled contract. 
 (3) Includes only those gains or losses on trading securities or financial instruments held at fair value that have an economic derivative assigned; therefore, this line item may not agree to the income statement. 
 
 38 

Table of Conten t s 

 Noninterest Income (Loss) 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income (loss) for the years presented (dollars in millions): 
 Change For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent Net (losses) gains on investment securities (1) 89 1 100.00 (90) (100.95) Net gains (losses) on derivatives 2 1 (6) 1 35.55 7 121.27 Standby letters of credit fees 8 11 19 (3) (27.33) (8) (42.75) Loss on litigation settlements, net 4 4 Other 2 4 11 (2) (21.56) (7) (71.42) Total noninterest income 
 16 15 113 1 10.51 (98) (86.68) 
 ____________ 
 Not meaningful. 
 
 During 2022, the Bank received a 4 million net litigation settlement related to certain investments in LIBOR-based financial instruments claim. 

Noninterest Expense and AHP Assessment 
 The following table presents noninterest expense and AHP assessment for the years presented (dollars in millions): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Noninterest expense: Compensation and benefits 65 80 102 (15) (22) Cost of quarters 4 4 4 Other operating expenses 43 34 32 9 2 Total operating expenses 112 118 138 (6) (20) Finance Agency and Office of Finance 18 17 17 1 Affordable Housing Program non-statutory contribution 5 5 Other 3 14 8 (11) 6 Total noninterest expense 138 149 163 (11) (14) Affordable Housing Program assessment 21 15 28 6 (13) Total noninterest expense and AHP assessment 159 164 191 (5) (27) 
 
 The decrease in compensation and benefits expense for 2022, compared to 2021, was primarily due to a reduction in the Bank's net pension costs. 
 
 During 2022, the Bank made a 5 million voluntary non-statutory contribution to its AHP. 
 
 The Bank records AHP assessment expense at a rate of 10 percent of income before assessment, excluding interest expense on mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 
 39 

Table of Conten t s 

 Additional Financial Data. 
 The following table presents additional financial data for the last five fiscal years (dollars in millions). 
 As of or for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Statements of Condition (as of year end) Total assets 151,622 78,746 92,295 149,857 154,476 Advances 109,595 45,415 52,168 97,167 108,462 Investments (1) 
 40,902 31,821 36,380 50,617 44,309 Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 120 149 218 296 360 Consolidated obligations, net (2) 
 141,510 71,692 84,764 140,637 145,139 Total capital stock Class B putable 5,397 2,383 3,078 4,988 5,486 Retained earnings 2,283 2,228 2,198 2,153 2,110 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (34) (16) (16) 22 51 Total capital 7,646 4,595 5,260 7,163 7,647 Statements of Income (for the year ended) Net interest income (3) 
 327 281 333 535 561 Standby letters of credit fees 8 11 19 24 25 Net income 184 133 255 367 416 Performance Ratios ) Return on equity (4) 
 3.18 2.79 3.95 5.09 5.54 Return on assets (5) 
 0.16 0.16 0.19 0.25 0.27 Net interest margin (6) 
 0.28 0.34 0.26 0.36 0.37 Interest-rate spread 0.16 0.34 0.22 0.25 0.28 Regulatory capital ratio (as of year end) (7) 
 5.07 5.86 5.72 4.77 4.92 Equity to assets ratio (8) 
 4.98 5.74 4.90 4.85 4.93 Dividend payout ratio (9) 
 70.11 77.27 93.86 88.25 74.12 
 ____________ 
 (1) Investments consist of interest-bearing deposits, securities purchased under agreements to resell, federal funds sold, and securities classified as trading, available-for-sale, and held-to-maturity. 
 (2) The amounts presented are the Bank s primary obligations on consolidated obligations outstanding. The par value of the other FHLBanks outstanding consolidated obligations for which the Bank is jointly and severally liable was as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 1,037,537 December 31, 2021 580,909 December 31, 2020 662,051 December 31, 2019 885,114 December 31, 2018 886,081 
 
 (3) Effective January 1, 2019, the Bank adopted new hedge accounting guidance that required interest amounts reported for advances, and consolidated obligation bonds and discount notes to include realized gains (losses) on hedged items and derivatives in qualifying hedge relationships. 
 (4) Calculated as net income, divided by average total equity. 
 (5) Calculated as net income, divided by average total assets. 
 (6) Net interest margin is net interest income as a percentage of average earning assets. 
 (7) Regulatory capital ratio is regulatory capital, which does not include accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, but does include mandatorily redeemable capital stock, as a percentage of total assets as of year end. 
 (8) Calculated as average total equity, divided by average total assets. 
 (9) Calculated as dividends declared during the year, divided by net income during the year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity is necessary to satisfy members borrowing needs on a timely basis, repay maturing and called consolidated obligations, and meet other obligations and operating requirements. Many members rely on the Bank as a source of standby liquidity, so the Bank attempts to be in a position to meet member funding needs on a timely basis. The Bank is required to maintain liquidity in accordance with the FHLBank Act, Finance Agency regulations, and policies established by the Bank s management and board of directors. In addition, the Finance Agency, at times, has issued guidance and expectations to the FHLBanks related to liquidity. 
 Sources of Liquidity. The Bank s principal source of liquidity is consolidated obligation debt instruments. To provide additional liquidity, the Bank also may use other short-term borrowings, such as federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements 
 40 

Table of Conten t s 

 to repurchase, and loans from other FHLBanks. The Bank s consolidated obligations are not obligations of the U.S. and are not guaranteed by either the U.S. or any government agency, but have historically received the same credit rating as the government bond credit rating of the United States. As a result, the Bank generally has comparatively stable access to funding through a diverse investor base at relatively favorable spreads to U.S. Treasury rates. The Bank s income and liquidity would be adversely affected if it were not able to access the capital markets at competitive rates for an extended period. 
 The Bank s short-term funding is generally driven by member advance demand and is achieved through the issuance of consolidated discount notes and short-term consolidated bonds. Access to short-term debt markets has been reliable because investors, driven by increased liquidity preferences and risk aversion, including the effects of recent SEC money market fund reform, have often sought the Bank s short-term debt as an asset of choice. 
 The Bank is focused on maintaining an adequate liquidity balance and a funding balance between its financial assets and financial liabilities. The Bank monitors the funding balance between financial assets and financial liabilities and is committed to prudent risk management practices. In managing and monitoring the amounts of assets that require refunding, the Bank considers contractual maturities of its financial assets, as well as certain assumptions regarding expected cash flows (i.e. estimated prepayments and scheduled amortizations). External factors including Bank member borrowing needs, supply and demand in the debt markets, and other factors may also affect the liquidity balances and the funding balance between financial assets and financial liabilities. 
 Contingency plans are in place that prioritize the allocation of liquidity resources in the event of operational disruptions at the Bank or the Office of Finance. Under the FHLBank Act, the Secretary of Treasury has the authority, at his discretion, to purchase consolidated obligations up to an aggregate amount of 4.0 billion. No borrowings under this authority have been outstanding since 1977. 
 Liquidity Reserves for Deposits. Finance Agency regulations require the Bank to hold a total amount of obligations of the United States, deposits in eligible banks or trust companies, or advances with maturities not exceeding five years, in an amount not less than the amount of total member deposits. The Bank has complied with this requirement throughout 2022. 
 Operational Liquidity. In order to ensure adequate operational liquidity (generally, the ready cash and borrowing capacity available to meet the Bank s intraday needs) each day, Bank policy establishes a daily liquidity target based upon member deposit levels and current day liability maturities and asset settlements. The Bank has met this liquidity requirement throughout 2022. 
 Additional Liquidity Guidance. The Finance Agency issued an Advisory Bulletin on FHLBank liquidity (Liquidity Guidance AB) that communicates the Finance Agency s expectations with respect to the maintenance of sufficient liquidity to enable the Bank to provide advances and standby letters of credit for members during a sustained capital market disruption, assuming no access to capital markets and assuming renewal of all maturing advances for a period of between ten to thirty calendar days. The Finance Agency periodically issues supervisory letters that identify thresholds for measures of liquidity within the established ranges set forth in the Liquidity Guidance AB. 
 The Liquidity Guidance AB s measurements of liquidity include a cash flow scenario, on a daily basis, that projects forward the number of days for which the Bank should maintain positive cash balances assuming the renewal of all maturing advances and the maintenance of a liquidity reserve for outstanding letters of credit. The measurements of liquidity also include a funding gap measurement of the difference between assets and liabilities that are scheduled to mature during a specified period, expressed as a percentage of the Bank s total assets to reduce the liquidity risks associated with a mismatch in asset and liability maturities, including an undue reliance on short-term debt funding, which may increase debt rollover risk. The Liquidity Guidance AB permits an FHLBank to temporarily decrease its liquidity position, in a safe and sound manner, below the stated regulatory levels, as necessary for providing unanticipated extensions of advances to members or draws on letters of credit to beneficiaries. The Bank has met this liquidity requirement as directed by the Finance Agency throughout 2022. 
 
 41 

Table of Conten t s 

 Summary of Cash Flows 
 
 The following table presents a summary of net cash provided by (used in) the Bank s operating, investing, and financing activities (in millions): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 1,487 845 (441) Investing activities (76,664) 10,634 59,849 Financing activities 74,439 (13,505) (57,414) Net (decrease) increase in cash and due from banks (738) (2,026) 1,994 
 
 Two primary drivers that can impact net operating cash flows are fluctuations in net income and net change in derivatives and hedging activities. The Bank recorded a net positive change of 1.1 billion in derivative and hedging activities for 2022 compared to a net positive change of 673 million in derivative and hedging activities in 2021. The change in derivative and hedging activities was primarily driven by the change in interest rates. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities fluctuate primarily based on advances and investing activities. The Bank originated 381.3 billion of advances and collected 315.8 billion of advances principal in 2022 compared to 82.1 billion and 87.9 billion, respectively, in 2021. The Bank purchased investment securities of 11.2 billion and received proceeds from principal collected of 3.4 billion in 2022 compared to 3.2 billion and 7.6 billion, respectively, in 2021. The Bank recorded a net change of negative 3.4 billion related to liquid investments in 2022 compared to a net change of positive 424 million in 2021. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities fluctuate primarily based on the issuance and payments for maturing and retiring consolidated obligations. The Bank issued 876.4 billion in consolidated obligations and paid 804.6 billion for maturing and retiring consolidated obligations in 2022, compared to 635.0 billion and 647.7 billion, respectively, in 2021. 

Anticipated Cash Expenditures 
 
 The following table presents the payment due date or expiration terms of the Bank s significant anticipated cash expenditures as of December 31, 2022 (in millions). 
 
 One year or less After one year through three years After three years through five years After five years Total Consolidated obligations (1) 
 102,413 24,196 14,836 2,761 144,206 Pension and post-retirement contributions (2) 
 3 4 10 11 28 Total 102,416 24,200 14,846 2,772 144,234 ____________ 
 (1) Does not include contractual interest payments related to bonds. Total is based on contractual maturities; the actual timing of payments could be impacted by factors affecting redemption. 
 (2) Includes future funding contributions for the qualified pension plan and scheduled benefit payments for the nonqualified defined benefit plans and postretirement health benefit plan. 
 
 Refer to the respective footnote in Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information on each of the 
 contractual obligations listed in the above table. 

Off-balance Sheet Commitments 
 The Bank s primary off-balance sheet commitments are as follows: 
 the Bank s joint and several liability for all FHLBank consolidated obligations; and 
 the Bank s outstanding commitments arising from standby letters of credit. 
 Should an FHLBank be unable to satisfy its payment obligation under a consolidated obligation for which it is the primary obligor, any of the other FHLBanks, including the Bank, could be called upon to repay all or any part of such payment obligation, as determined or approved by the Finance Agency. As of December 31, 2022, none of the other FHLBanks 
 42 

Table of Conten t s 

 defaulted on their consolidated obligations; the Finance Agency was not required to allocate any obligation among the FHLBanks; and no amount of the joint and several obligation was fixed. Accordingly, the Bank has not recognized a liability for its joint and several obligations related to other FHLBanks consolidated obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the FHLBanks had 1,181.7 billion in aggregate par value of consolidated obligations issued and outstanding, 144.2 billion of which was attributable to the Bank. No FHLBank has ever defaulted on its principal or interest payments under any consolidated obligation, and the Bank has never been required to make payments under any consolidated obligation as a result of the failure of another FHLBank to meet its obligations. 
 The Bank generally requires standby letters of credit to contain language permitting the Bank, upon annual renewal dates and prior notice to the beneficiary, to choose not to renew the standby letter of credit, which effectively terminates the standby letter of credit prior to its scheduled final expiration date. Based on the creditworthiness of the member applicant and appropriate additional fees, the Bank may issue standby letters of credit that have terms longer than one year without annual renewals or that have no stated maturity and are subject to renewal on an annual basis. 
 Commitments to extend credit, including standby letters of credit, are agreements to lend. The Bank issues a standby letter of credit on behalf of a member in exchange for a fee. A member may use these standby letters of credit to facilitate a financing arrangement. Management regularly reviews its standby letter of credit pricing in light of several factors, including the Bank s potential liquidity needs related to draws on its standby letters of credit. Based on management s credit analyses and collateral requirements, the Bank did not deem it necessary to have an allowance for credit losses for these unfunded standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. 
 Refer to Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements for more information about the Bank s outstanding standby letters of credit. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of the Bank s financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make a number of judgments and assumptions that affect the Bank s reported results and disclosures. Several of the Bank s accounting policies are inherently subject to valuation assumptions and other subjective assessments and are more critical than others to the Bank s results. The Bank considers fair value measurements and derivatives and hedging activities to be critical accounting policies because they require management s subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Management bases its judgments and estimates on current market conditions and industry practices, historical experience, changes in the business environment and other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions and/or conditions. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Bank carries certain assets and liabilities, including investments classified as trading and available-for-sale and all derivatives, on the balance sheet at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, representing an exit price. 
 
 Fair values play an important role in the valuation of certain assets, liabilities, and hedging transactions of the Bank. Fair values are based on quoted market prices or market-based prices, if such prices are available, even in situations in which trading volume may be low when compared with prior periods. If quoted market prices or market-based prices are not available, the Bank determines fair values based on valuation models that use discounted cash flows, using market estimates of interest rates and volatility. 
 
 Valuation models and their underlying assumptions are based on the best estimates of the Bank s management with respect to: 
 
 market indices (primarily SOFR and the OIS curve); 
 
 discount rates; 
 
 prepayments; 
 
 market volatility; and 
 
 other factors, including default and loss rates. 
 
 43 

Table of Conten t s 

 These assumptions, particularly estimates of market indices and discount rates, may have a significant effect on the reported fair values of assets and liabilities, including derivatives, and the income and expense related thereto. The use of different assumptions, as well as changes in market conditions, could result in a materially different net income and retained earnings. The assumptions used in the models are corroborated by and independently verified against market observable data where possible. 
 
 The Bank categorizes its financial instruments carried at fair value into a three-level classification in accordance with GAAP. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency (observable or unobservable) of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Bank s market assumptions. The Bank utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 
 
 Refer to Note 14 Estimated Fair Values to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements for further discussion regarding how the Bank measures financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 
 General 
 
 The Bank records all derivatives at fair value on the balance sheet with changes in fair value recognized in current-period earnings. The Bank designates derivatives as either fair-value hedging instruments or non-qualifying hedging instruments for which hedge accounting is not applied. The Bank has not entered into any cash-flow hedges as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Bank uses derivatives in its risk management program for the following purposes: 
 
 conversion of a fixed rate to a variable rate; 
 
 conversion of a variable rate with a fixed component to another variable rate; and 
 
 macro hedging of balance sheet risks. 
 
 To qualify for hedge accounting, the Bank documents the following concurrently with the execution of each hedging relationship: 
 
 the hedging strategy; 
 
 identification of the hedging instrument and the hedged item; 
 
 determination of the appropriate accounting designation; 
 
 the method used for the determination of effectiveness for transactions qualifying for hedge accounting; and 
 
 the method for recording ineffectiveness for hedging relationships. 
 
 The Bank also evaluates each debt issuance, advance made, and financial instrument purchased to determine whether the cash item contains embedded derivatives that meet the criteria for bifurcation. If, after evaluation, it is determined that an embedded derivative must be bifurcated, the Bank will measure the fair value of the embedded derivative. 
 
 Assessment of Hedge Effectiveness 
 
 An assessment must be made to determine the effectiveness of qualifying hedging relationships. To make such an assessment, the Bank may use either (1) the short-cut method; or (2) the long-haul method. 
 
 If the hedging instrument is a swap and meets specific criteria, the hedging relationship may qualify for the short-cut method of assessing effectiveness. The short-cut method allows for an assumption of no ineffectiveness, which means that the change in the fair value of the hedged item is assumed to be equal and offsetting to the change in fair value of the hedging instrument. The Bank does not apply the short-cut method to hedging relationships. 
 
 The long-haul method of effectiveness is used to assess effectiveness for hedging relationships that qualify for hedge accounting but do not meet the criteria for the use of the short-cut method. The long-haul method requires separate valuations 
 44 

Table of Conten t s 

 of both the hedged item and the hedging instrument. If the hedging relationship is determined to be highly effective, the change in fair value of the hedged item related to the designated risk is recognized in earnings together and in the same income statement line item with the change in fair value of the hedging instrument. If the hedging relationship is determined not to be highly effective, hedge accounting will either not be allowed or cease at that point. The Bank performs effectiveness testing on a monthly basis and uses statistical regression analysis techniques to determine whether a long-haul hedging relationship is highly effective. 
 
 Accounting for Ineffectiveness and Hedge De-designation 
 
 The Bank accounts for any ineffectiveness for all long-haul fair-value hedges using the dollar offset method. In the case of non-qualifying hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting, the Bank reports only the change in the fair value of the derivative. Both the net interest on the derivative and the fair value adjustments of a non-qualifying hedge are recorded in noninterest income (loss) as Net gains (losses) on derivatives on the Statements of Income. 
 
 The Bank may discontinue hedge accounting for a hedging transaction (de-designation) if it fails effectiveness testing or for other asset-liability-management reasons. The Bank also treats modifications to hedged items as a discontinuance of a hedging relationship. When a hedging relationship is discontinued, the Bank will cease marking the hedged item to fair value and will amortize the cumulative basis adjustment resulting from hedge accounting. The Bank reports related amortization as interest income or expense over the remaining life of the associated hedged item. The associated derivative will continue to be marked to fair value through earnings until it matures or is terminated. 

Recently Issued But Not Yet Adopted Accounting Standards 
 See Note 3 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Guidance to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements for a discussion of recently issued but not yet adopted accounting standards. 

Legislative and Regulatory Developments 
 
 The legislative and regulatory environment in which the Bank and its members operate continues to evolve as a result of regulations enacted pursuant to the Housing and Economic Recovery Act and the Dodd-Frank Act. The Bank s business operations, funding costs, rights, obligations, and/or the environment in which the Bank carries out its housing finance and community lending mission are likely to continue to be significantly impacted by these changes. Significant regulatory actions and developments for the period covered by this report are summarized below. 
 
 Proposed SEC Rule on Climate-related Disclosure s. On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed a new rule that would require the Bank to make specific climate-related disclosures in its periodic reports. The proposed rule would require the Bank to account for and disclose certain direct, indirect and third-party greenhouse gas emissions, provide additional disclosures of material impact of climate-change risks on its strategy, business model and outlook, disclose climate-event impacts, discuss board and management governance and oversight of climate-related risks, climate-change risk management framework considering both physical and transitional risks, and plans to reduce such risks, and provide and discuss climate-related financial impact metrics and expenditure metrics. The Bank is unable to predict when a rule will be finalized and the extent to which a final rule will apply or deviate from the proposal. Should the rule become final in its current form, the Bank anticipates a significant increase in its compliance costs given the complexity of these prospective obligations. 
 
 Finance Agency s Planned Review and Analysis of the FHLBank System. On July 20, 2022, Finance Agency Director Sandra L. Thompson provided testimony to the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services, indicating that the Finance Agency would conduct a review and analysis of the FHLBank System. As part of its review and analysis, the Finance Agency has held a series of public listening sessions and regional roundtable discussions, and has requested written comments from stakeholders. The review has been examining matters covering such areas as the FHLBanks adequate fulfillment of their mission and purpose in a changing marketplace; their organization, operational efficiency and effectiveness; their role in promoting affordable, sustainable, equitable, and resilient housing and community investment; their role in addressing the unique needs of rural and financially vulnerable communities; member products, services, collateral requirements; and membership eligibility and requirements. The Bank anticipates that the Finance Agency s review and analysis will culminate in a written report. The report may involve recommendations for changes related to a number of areas such as the FHLBanks fulfillment of their mission, membership requirements, contributions to affordable housing and support to community investment and may lead to recommendations for statutory revisions, proposals for new or modified regulations, regulatory guidance under existing regulations, and/or other regulatory or supervisory actions consistent with the Finance Agency s statutory authority. 
 
 Amendment to FINRA Rule 4210: Margining of Covered Agency Transactions. On July 29, 2022, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) amended FINRA Rule 4210, extending the implementation date of the margining requirements for covered agency transactions from October 26, 2022 until April 24, 2023 . On February 24, 2023, the Financial 
 45 

Table of Conten t s 

 Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) further extended such implementation date from April 24, 2023 to October 25, 2023. Once the margining requirements are effective, the Bank may be required to collateralize transactions that are covered agency transactions, which include to be announced transactions (TBAs). The Bank does not expect this rule to have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Final Rule Implementing the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors adopted a final rule that implements the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, enacted in March 2022. The rule, which went into effect on February 27, 2023, establishes benchmark replacement rates based on SOFR for certain contracts, to apply after June 30, 2023 (the LIBOR replacement date ). Generally, the rule provides that Board-selected benchmark replacements will apply by operation of law to contracts governed by U.S. law which have the following characteristics: (a) contain no fallback provisions; (b) contain fallback provisions but fail to specify either the fallback rate or the party that can determine the fallback rate; or (c) contain a fallback provision that identifies the party that can determine the fallback rate, but the determining party has failed to do so before (i) the LIBOR replacement date or (ii) the latest date to select a benchmark replacement according to the contract terms. For FHLBank advances, which have any of the above characteristics, the final rule sets the replacement benchmark rate as the Fallback Rate (SOFR) in the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol. For any other FHLBank contract with the above characteristics, references to overnight LIBOR would be replaced with SOFR and one-, three-, six, or 12-month LIBOR will be replaced with 30-day Average SOFR, in each case, plus the applicable tenor spread adjustment specified in the LIBOR Act. The Bank does not expect this rule to have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The Bank continues to monitor these actions and guidance as they evolve and to evaluate their potential impact on the Bank. 

Risk Management 
 The Bank s lending, investment and funding activities, and use of derivative hedge instruments expose the Bank to a number of risks. A robust risk management framework aligns risk-taking activities with the Bank s strategies and risk appetite. A risk management framework also balances risks and rewards. The Bank s risk management framework consists of risk governance, risk appetite, and risk management policies. 
 
 The Bank s board of directors and management recognize that risks are inherent to the Bank s business model and that the process of establishing a risk appetite does not imply that the Bank seeks to mitigate or eliminate all risk. By defining and managing to a specific risk appetite, the board of directors and management ensure that there is a common understanding of the Bank s desired risk profile, which enhances strategic and tactical decisions. Additionally, the Bank aspires to (1) sustain a corporate culture of transparency, integrity, and adherence to legal and ethical obligations: and (2) achieve best practices in governance, ethics, and compliance. 
 The Bank s board of directors and management have established a risk appetite statement and risk metrics for controlling and escalating actions based on the following eight continuing objectives in 2022 that represent the foundation of the Bank s strategic and tactical planning: 
 
 Capital Adequacy - maintain adequate levels of capital components (retained earnings and capital stock) that protect against the risks inherent in the Bank s business activities and provide sufficient resiliency to withstand potential stressed losses. 
 
 Market Risk/Earnings - produce a competitive return on equity, while providing attractive funding for advance products, consistent payment of dividends, reliable access to funding, and maintenance of retained earnings in excess of stressed retained earnings targets within a conservative risk management framework. 
 
 Liquidity Risk - maintain sufficient liquidity and funding sources to allow the Bank to meet expected and unexpected obligations. 
 
 Credit and Concentration Risk - avoid credit losses by managing credit and collateral risk exposures within acceptable parameters. Achieve this objective through data-driven analysis and counterparty-specific analysis (and when appropriate, perform shareholder-specific analysis), monitoring and verification, including new collateral policy expansions to ensure appropriate controls and that monitoring is consistent with managing existing credit and collateral risk exposures. Monitor through enhanced reporting any elevated risk concentrations, and when appropriate, manage and mitigate the increased risk. 
 
 Governance/Compliance/Legal - comply fully with all applicable laws and regulations and manage all legal risk effectively and efficiently. 
 
 46 

Table of Conten t s 

 Mission/Business Model - deliver financial services and consistent access to funds in the size, cost and structure shareholders desire, helping them to manage risk and extend credit in their communities, while achieving the Bank s affordable housing mission goals and provide value through the consistent payment of dividends and the repurchasing of excess stock. 
 
 Operational Risk - deliver an employee value proposition that allows the Bank to attract, retain, engage and develop staff to meet the evolving needs of our key stakeholders and effectively manage enterprise-wide risks. Manage the key risks associated with operational availability and resiliency of critical systems and services, the integrity and security of the Bank's information, and the alignment of technology investment with key business objectives through enterprise-wide risk management practices and governance based on industry standards. Manage the key risks associated with cyber security threats. 
 
 Reputation - recognize the importance of and advance positive awareness and perception of the Bank and its mission among key external stakeholders impacting the Bank s ability to achieve its mission. 
 
 The board and management recognize that risk and risk producing events are dynamic and ever-present. Accordingly, reporting, analyzing and mitigating risks are paramount to successful corporate governance. 
 
 The Risk Management Policy (RMP) also governs the Bank s approach to managing the above risks. The Bank s board of directors reviews the RMP annually and approves amendments to the RMP from time to time as necessary. To promote compliance with the RMP, the Bank has established internal management committees to provide oversight of these risks. The Bank produces a comprehensive risk assessment report on an annual basis that is reviewed by the board of directors. In addition to the established risk appetite and the RMP, the Bank is also subject to Finance Agency regulations and policies regarding risk management. 

Transition of LIBOR to an Alternative Reference Rate 
 
 Pursuant to the March 5, 2021 United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) announcement, 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar LIBOR ceased being provided by its administrator on December 31, 2021 and the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease being provided by an administrator or no longer be representative immediately after June 30, 2023. Although the FCA does not expect the remaining LIBOR tenors to become unrepresentative before June 30, 2023, there is no assurance that LIBOR, of any particular currency or tenor, will continue to be published or be representative through any particular date. 
 
 Certain of the Bank s assets and liabilities, and certain collateral pledged to the Bank, are indexed to LIBOR, with exposure extending past June 30, 2023. The Bank continues to evaluate and plan for the eventual replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate, including the probability of SOFR as the dominant replacement in the capital markets. On July 1, 2021, the Finance Agency issued a Supervisory Letter to the FHLBanks regarding its expectations regarding an FHLBank s use of alternative rates other than SOFR. The Supervisory Letter provides guidance on considerations, such as volume of underlying transactions, credit sensitivity, modeling risk and others, that an FHLBank should take into account prior to employing an alternative reference rate. 
 
 In general, the transition away from LIBOR may present increased market risk, credit risk, operational risk and business risk for the Bank. The Bank has adopted a LIBOR transition plan, which outlines the Bank s transition activities, including LIBOR exposure evaluation, risk management, legal, operational, systems and operations, shareholder and external communication and education, and other aspects of planning. The Bank has a LIBOR Steering Committee, which oversees the Bank s transition away from LIBOR in accordance with the strategies and requirements put forth by senior management and regulatory guidance, providing periodic reports to the Bank s executive management committee and board of directors. 
 
 As part of the Bank s risk LIBOR exposure evaluation and risk management, the Bank has developed an inventory of financial instruments impacted by the LIBOR transition and has worked to identify and update contracts that may require adding or adjusting the fallback language. The Bank has added or adjusted fallback language in all outstanding LIBOR-linked advance confirmations and its credit and collateral policy to include fallback language addressing the discontinuation of LIBOR as a benchmark rate. Further, the Bank and each of its counterparties has adhered to the Supplement to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA 2020 LIBOR Fallbacks Protocol. This adherence by the Bank and its counterparties amended all of the Bank s legacy bilateral LIBOR-based derivative transactions to apply the new ISDA-recommended LIBOR fallbacks in the event of the relevant LIBOR s cessation. LIBOR-based agency MBS investment portfolio (i.e.: MBS securities with guaranteed principal and interest to be paid by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) will transition under rules established by the Federal Reserve pursuant to the LIBOR transition legislation, as announced by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The Bank continues to monitor developments with respect to the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, the respective Federal Reserve Regulations that set 
 47 

Table of Conten t s 

 fallback provisions that will become effective on February 27, 2023 and its impact on the fallback language contained in the Bank s remaining LIBOR exposure, including its investment portfolio. 

The Bank has LIBOR exposure related to advances, investment securities, and derivatives. The following tables present the Bank s LIBOR-indexed variable-rate financial instruments and interest-rate swaps with LIBOR exposure (in millions). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Due/Terminates through Due/Terminates June 30, 2023 thereafter Total Assets with LIBOR exposure Advance by redemption term (principal amount) (1) 
 5 5 10 Investment securities by contractual maturity (principal amount): Non-mortgage-backed securities 465 465 Mortgage-backed securities 10 8,451 8,461 Total investment securities 10 8,916 8,926 LIBOR-indexed interest-rate swaps notional amount (receive leg): Cleared 79 79 Uncleared 22 5 27 Total interest-rate swaps 101 5 106 Total principal/notional amount 116 8,926 9,042 Liabilities with LIBOR exposure LIBOR-indexed interest-rate swaps notional amount (pay leg): Cleared 71 71 ____________ (1) Includes all fixed-rate advances that have cap/floor optionality and excludes convertible advances. The LIBOR exposure on the 5 million advance that matures after June 30, 2023, is related to a cap. The last reset date for this advance is prior to June 30, 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Due/Terminates in Due/Terminates through Due/Terminates 2022 June 30, 2023 thereafter Total Assets with LIBOR exposure Advance by redemption term (principal amount) (1) 
 56 5 830 891 Investment securities by contractual maturity (principal amount): Non-mortgage-backed securities 435 465 900 Mortgage-backed securities 23 10,994 11,017 Total investment securities 435 23 11,459 11,917 LIBOR-indexed interest-rate swaps notional amount (receive leg): Cleared 561 338 3,332 4,231 Uncleared 88 23 2,512 2,623 Total interest-rate swaps 649 361 5,844 6,854 Total principal/notional amount 1,140 389 18,133 19,662 Liabilities with LIBOR exposure LIBOR-indexed interest-rate swaps notional amount (pay leg): Cleared 142 71 50 263 Uncleared 28 28 Total notional amount 170 71 50 291 ____________ 1) Includes all fixed-rate advances that have cap/floor optionality and excludes convertible advances. The LIBOR exposure on the 5 million advance that matures after June 30, 2023, is related to a cap. The last reset date for this advance is prior to June 30, 2023. 

48 

Table of Conten t s 

In addition to LIBOR-indexed interest-rate swaps included in the above tables, the Bank has interest-rate caps and floors with LIBOR exposure. The estimated net fair value of these interest-rate caps and floors was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table presents the notional amount of caps and floors with LIBOR exposure (in millions). 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Terminates after June 30, 2023 4,000 4,000 
 
 With respect to LIBOR-linked collateral that is pledged by members to secure their advances, the Bank has adopted a transition plan for such collateral. The elements of the plan include: 
 
 Readiness to modify haircuts promptly for affected LIBOR collateral in response to changing market conditions; 
 
 Implementation of a monitoring process for liquidity of LIBOR collateral; and 
 
 Implementation of a communication process to inform shareholders of any changes to valuation or haircuts for LIBOR collateral. 
 
 The Bank monitors risks related to LIBOR-linked collateral, including any shareholders with concentrations in LIBOR-linked pledged collateral. The Bank ceased accepting newly originated LIBOR-linked collateral on January 1, 2022. 

Market Risk 

General 
 
 The Bank is exposed to market risk because changes in interest rates and spreads can have a direct effect on the value of the Bank s assets and liabilities. As a result of the volume of its interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the interest-rate risk component of market risk has the greatest impact on the Bank s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Interest-rate risk represents the risk that the aggregate market value or estimated fair value of the Bank s asset, liability, and derivative portfolios will decline as a result of interest-rate volatility or that net earnings will be affected significantly by interest-rate changes. Interest-rate risk can occur in a variety of forms including repricing risk, yield-curve risk, basis risk, and option risk. The Bank faces repricing risk whenever an asset and a liability reprice at different times and with different rates, resulting in interest-margin sensitivity to changes in market interest rates. Yield-curve risk reflects the possibility that changes in the shape of the yield curve may affect the market value of the Bank s assets and liabilities differently because a liability used to fund an asset may be short-term, while the asset is long-term, or vice versa. Basis risk occurs when yields on assets and costs on liabilities are based on different bases, such SOFR versus the Bank s cost of funds. Different bases can move at different rates or in different directions, which can cause erratic changes in revenues and expenses. Option risk is presented by the optionality that is embedded in some assets and liabilities. Mortgage assets represent the primary source of option risk. 
 
 The primary goal of the Bank s interest-rate risk measurement and management efforts is to control the above risks through prudent asset-liability management strategies so that the Bank may provide members with dividends that are consistently competitive with existing market interest rates on alternative short-term and variable-rate investments. The Bank attempts to manage interest-rate risk exposure by using appropriate funding instruments and hedging strategies. Hedging may occur at the micro level, for one or more specifically identified transactions, or at the macro level. Management evaluates the Bank s macro hedge position and funding strategies on a daily basis and makes adjustments as necessary. 
 
 The Bank measures its potential market risk exposure in a number of ways. These include asset, liability, and equity duration analyses; and earnings forecast scenario analyses that reflect repricing gaps. The Bank establishes tolerance limits for these financial metrics and uses internal models to measure each of these risk exposures at least monthly. 
 
 49 

Table of Conten t s 

 Use of Derivatives 
 
 The Bank enters into derivatives to reduce the interest-rate risk exposure inherent in otherwise unhedged assets and funding positions and attempts to do so in the most cost-efficient manner. The Bank does not engage in speculative trading of these instruments. The Bank s derivative positions may include interest-rate swaps, options, swaptions, interest-rate cap and floor agreements, and forward contracts. These derivatives are used to adjust the effective maturity, repricing frequency, or option characteristics of financial instruments to achieve risk-management objectives. Within its risk management strategy, the Bank uses derivative financial instruments in the following two ways: 
 
 As a fair-value hedge of an underlying financial instrument or a firm commitment. For example, the Bank uses derivatives to reduce the interest-rate net sensitivity of consolidated obligations, advances, and investments by, in effect, converting them to a short-term interest rate. The Bank also uses derivatives to manage embedded options in assets and liabilities and to hedge the market value of existing assets and liabilities. The Bank s management reevaluates its hedging strategies from time to time and may change the hedging techniques used or adopt new strategies as deemed prudent. 
 
 As an asset-liability management tool, for which hedge accounting is not applied (non-qualifying hedge). The Bank may enter into derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, the Bank recognizes the change in fair value and interest income or expense of these derivatives in the Noninterest income (loss) section of the Statements of Income as Net gains (losses) on derivatives with no offsetting fair-value adjustments of the hedged asset, liability, or firm commitment. Consequently, these transactions can introduce earnings volatility. 
 
 50 

Table of Conten t s 

 The following table presents the notional amounts of derivative financial instruments (in millions). The category Fair value hedges represents hedge strategies for which hedge accounting is achieved. The category Non-qualifying hedges represents hedge strategies for which the derivatives are not in designated hedging relationships that formally meet the hedge accounting requirements under GAAP. As of December 31, 2022 2021 Hedged Item / Hedging Instrument Hedging Objective Hedge Accounting Designation Notional Amount Notional Amount Advances Pay fixed, receive variable interest-rate swap (without options) Converts the advance s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Fair value hedges 3,855 1,909 Pay fixed, receive variable interest-rate swap (with options) Converts the advance s fixed rate to a variable-rate index and offsets option risk in the advance. Fair value hedges 13,418 18,420 Pay fixed with embedded features, receive variable interest-rate swap (non-callable) Reduces interest-rate sensitivity and repricing gaps by converting the advance s fixed rate to a variable-rate index and/or offsets embedded option risk in the advance. Fair value hedges 333 742 Pay variable with embedded features, receive variable interest-rate swap (non-callable) Reduces interest-rate sensitivity and repricing gaps by converting the advance s variable rate to a different variable-rate index and/or offsets embedded option risk in the advance. Fair value hedges 8 Total 17,606 21,079 Investments Pay fixed, receive variable interest-rate swap Converts the investment s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Non-qualifying hedges 100 Consolidated Obligation Bonds Receive fixed, pay variable interest-rate swap (without options) Converts the bond s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Fair value hedges 6,246 788 Receive fixed, pay variable interest-rate swap (with options) Converts the bond s fixed rate to a variable-rate index and offsets option risk in the bond. Fair value hedges 42,412 24,473 Total 48,658 25,261 Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Receive fixed, pay variable interest-rate swap Converts the discount note s fixed rate to a variable-rate index. Fair value hedges 11,309 Balance Sheet Interest-rate cap or floor Protects against changes in income of certain assets due to changes in interest rates. Non-qualifying hedges 4,000 4,000 Pay variable, receive fixed interest rate swap Interest-rate swap not linked to specific assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions. Non-qualifying hedges 20 20 Pay fixed, receive variable interest rate swap Interest-rate swap not linked to specific assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions. Non-qualifying hedges 20 20 Total 4,040 4,040 Intermediary Positions and Other Pay fixed, receive variable interest-rate swap, and receive fixed, pay variable interest-rate swap To offset interest-rate swaps executed with members by executing interest-rate swaps with derivatives counterparties. Non-qualifying hedges 23 24 Total notional amount 81,736 50,404 

Interest-rate Risk Exposure Measurement 
 
 The Bank measures interest-rate risk exposure by various methods. The primary methods used are (1) calculating the effective duration of assets, liabilities, and equity under various scenarios; and (2) calculating the theoretical market value of equity. Effective duration, normally expressed in years or months, measures the price sensitivity of the Bank s interest-bearing assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates. As effective duration lengthens, market-value changes become more sensitive to interest-rate changes. The Bank employs sophisticated modeling systems to measure effective duration. 
 
 Effective duration of equity aggregates the estimated sensitivity of market value for each of the Bank s financial assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates. Effective duration of equity is computed by taking the market value-weighted effective 
 51 

Table of Conten t s 

 duration of assets, less the market value-weighted effective duration of liabilities, and dividing the remainder by the market value of equity. Market value of equity is not indicative of the market value of the Bank as a going concern or the value of the Bank in a liquidation scenario. An effective duration gap is the measure of the difference between the estimated effective durations of portfolio assets and liabilities and summarizes the extent to which the estimated cash flows for assets and liabilities are matched, on average, over time and across interest-rate scenarios. 
 
 A positive effective duration of equity or a positive effective duration gap results when the effective duration of assets is greater than the effective duration of liabilities. A negative effective duration of equity or a negative effective duration gap results when the effective duration of assets is less than the effective duration of liabilities. A positive effective duration of equity or a positive effective duration gap generally indicates that the Bank has some exposure to interest-rate risk in a rising rate environment, and a negative effective duration of equity or a negative effective duration gap generally indicates some exposure to interest-rate risk in a declining interest-rate environment. Higher effective duration numbers, whether positive or negative, indicate greater volatility of market value of equity in response to changing interest rates. 
 
 Bank policy requires the Bank to maintain its effective duration of equity within a range of plus five years to minus five years, assuming current interest rates, and within a range of plus seven years to minus seven years, assuming an instantaneous parallel increase or decrease in market interest rates of 200 basis points. 
 
 The following table presents the Bank s effective duration exposure measurements as calculated in accordance with Bank policy (in years). As of December 31, 2022 2021 Down 200 Basis Points (1) 
 Base Case Up 200 Basis Points Down 200 Basis Points (1) 
 Base Case Up 200 Basis Points Assets 0.17 0.17 0.19 0.53 0.37 0.39 Liabilities 0.17 0.15 0.13 0.28 0.36 0.27 Equity 0.15 0.63 1.42 4.17 0.54 2.38 Effective duration gap 0.02 0.06 0.25 0.01 0.12 
 ___________ 
 (1) The down 200 basis points scenarios shown above are considered to be constrained shocks, intended to prevent the possibility of negative interest rates when a designated low rate environment exists. The constrained shock scenario may not represent current expectations. 
 
 The Bank uses both sophisticated computer models and an experienced professional staff to measure the amount of interest-rate risk in the balance sheet, thus allowing management to monitor the risk against policy and regulatory limits. Management regularly reviews the major assumptions and methodologies used in the Bank s models and will make adjustments to the Bank s assumptions and methodologies in response to rapid changes in economic conditions. 
 
 The prepayment risk in both advances and investment assets can significantly affect the Bank s effective duration of equity and effective duration gap. Current regulations require the Bank to mitigate advance prepayment risk by establishing prepayment fees that make the Bank financially indifferent to a borrower s decision to prepay an advance unless the advance contains explicit par value prepayment options. Bank policy establishes these prepayment fees. 
 The prepayment options embedded in mortgage loan and mortgage security assets may shorten or lengthen both the actual and expected cash flows when interest rates change. Current Finance Agency policies limit this source of interest-rate risk by limiting the types of MBS the Bank may own to those with defined estimated average life changes under specific interest-rate shock scenarios. These limits do not apply to mortgage loans purchased from members. The Bank typically hedges mortgage prepayment uncertainty by using callable debt as a funding source and by using interest-rate cap, floor, and swaption transactions. The Bank also uses derivatives to reduce effective duration and option risks for investment securities other than MBS. Effective duration and option risk exposures are measured on a regular basis for all investment assets under alternative rate scenarios. 
 
 The Bank also analyzes its interest-rate risk and market exposure by evaluating the theoretical market value of equity. The market value of equity represents the net result of the present value of future cash flows discounted to arrive at the theoretical market value of each balance sheet item. By using the discounted present value of future cash flows, the Bank is able to factor in the various maturities of assets and liabilities, similar to the effective duration analysis discussed above. The Bank determines the theoretical market value of assets and liabilities utilizing a pricing approach that is more fully described in Note 14 Estimated Fair Values to the Bank s 2022 audited financial statements. The difference between the market value of total assets and the market value of total liabilities is the market value of equity. A more volatile market value of equity under 
 52 

Table of Conten t s 

 different shock scenarios tends to result in a higher effective duration of equity, indicating increased sensitivity to interest rate changes. 
 
 The following table presents the Bank s market value of equity measurements as calculated in accordance with Bank policy (in millions). As of December 31, 2022 2021 Down 200 Basis Points (1) 
 Base Case Up 200 Basis Points Down 200 Basis Points (1) 
 Base Case Up 200 Basis Points Assets 151,146 150,644 150,096 78,898 78,173 77,600 Liabilities 143,687 143,230 142,837 73,794 73,541 73,097 Equity 7,459 7,414 7,259 5,104 4,632 4,503 
 ________________ 
 (1) The down 200 basis points scenarios shown above are considered to be constrained shocks, intended to prevent the possibility of negative interest rates when a designated low rate environment exists. The constrained shock scenario may not represent current expectations. 
 
 Under the Bank s RMP, the Bank s market value of equity must not decline by more than 15 percent, assuming an immediate, parallel, and sustained interest-rate shock of 200 basis points in either direction. 
 
 If effective duration of equity or market value of equity is approaching the boundaries of the Bank s RMP ranges, management will initiate remedial action or review alternative strategies at the next meeting of the board of directors or appropriate committee thereof. 
 
 The scenarios above generally include numerous assumptions, including those related to changes in the balance sheet, interest rates, and prepayment trends. Such assumptions may change through time as a result of a host of factors, including changes in the balance sheet as well as the interest-rate environment. The modeling process is performed in a manner consistent with the Bank s policies and procedures with results reviewed on an on-going basis by the Bank. While all of the above estimates are reflective of the general interest-rate sensitivity of the Bank, market conditions, the realized growth and remixing of the balance sheet, as well as the broader macroeconomic environment could all have a significant impact on the Bank s assets, liabilities and equity. 

Liquidity Risk 
 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due or meet the credit needs of its members and borrowers in a timely and cost-efficient manner. The Bank s objective is to meet operational and member liquidity needs under all reasonable economic and operational situations. The Bank uses liquidity to absorb fluctuations in asset and liability balances and to provide an adequate reservoir of funding to support attractive and stable advance pricing. The Bank meets its liquidity needs from both asset and liability sources. 
 
 To address liquidity risk, the Bank uses cash flow scenario analysis and maturity gap analysis in compliance with regulatory requirements to confirm that the Bank has sufficient liquidity reserves, as discussed in further detail in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources above. 

Credit Risk 
 The Bank faces credit risk primarily with respect to its advances, investments, derivatives, and mortgage loan assets. 

Advances 
 
 Secured advances to member financial institutions account for the largest category of Bank assets; thus, advances are a major source of the Bank s credit risk exposure. The Bank uses a risk-focused approach to credit and collateral underwriting. The Bank attempts to reduce credit risk on advances by monitoring the financial condition of borrowers and the quality and value of the assets that borrowers pledge as eligible collateral. 
 
 The Bank determines credit risk rating for its members by evaluating each institution s overall financial health, taking into account the quality of assets, earnings, and capital position. The Bank assigns each borrower that is an insured depository institution a credit risk rating from 101 to 104 by utilizing an internal model (101 being the least amount of credit risk and 104 the greatest amount of credit risk). The Bank assigns each borrower that is an insurance company a credit risk rating from 101 
 53 

Table of Conten t s 

 to 104 by utilizing an external model. The Bank assigns each borrower that is not an insured depository institution or an insurance company (including housing associates, CDFIs, and corporate credit unions) a credit risk rating from 101 to 104 based on an internal risk matrix developed for each entity type. 
 In general, borrowers with the greatest amount of credit risk may have more restrictions on the types of collateral they may use to secure advances, may be required to maintain higher collateral maintenance levels and deliver loan collateral, may be restricted from obtaining further advances, and may face more stringent collateral reporting requirements. At times, based upon the Bank s assessment of a borrower and its collateral, the Bank may place more restrictive requirements on a borrower than those generally applicable to borrowers with the same rating. Management and the board also monitor the Bank s concentration in secured credit and standby letters of credit exposure to individual borrowers. 
 The following table presents the number of borrowers and the par value of advances outstanding to borrowers with the specified ratings as of the specified dates (dollars in millions). 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Rating Number of Borrowers Par Value of Outstanding Advances Number of Borrowers Par Value of Outstanding Advances 101 300 101,663 243 42,946 102 48 8,370 20 1,774 103 7 43 2 150 104 4 233 2 57 Unrated 1 Total 359 110,309 268 44,927 
 
 The Bank establishes a credit limit for each borrower. The credit limit is not a committed line of credit, but rather an indication of the borrower s general borrowing capacity with the Bank. The Bank determines the credit limit in its sole and absolute discretion by evaluating a wide variety of factors that indicate the borrower s overall creditworthiness. The credit limit is generally expressed as a percentage equal to the ratio of the borrower s total liabilities to the Bank (including the face amount of outstanding standby letters of credit, the par value of outstanding advances, and the total exposure of the Bank to the borrower under any derivative contract) to the borrower s total assets. Generally, borrowers are held to a credit limit of no more than 30 percent. However, the Bank s board of directors, or a relevant committee thereof, may approve a higher limit at its discretion, and such borrowers may be subject to certain additional collateral reporting and maintenance requirements. Five borrowers have been approved for a credit limit higher than 30 percent, however, none of these borrowers exceeded the 30 percent credit limit as of December 31, 2022, and their total outstanding advance and standby letters of credit balance was 17.9 billion and 965 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Bank obtains collateral on advances to protect against losses, but Finance Agency regulations permit the Bank to accept only certain types of collateral. Each borrower must maintain an amount of qualifying collateral that, when discounted to the lendable collateral value (LCV), is equal to at least 100 percent of the borrower s outstanding par value of all advances and other liabilities from the Bank. The LCV is the value that the Bank assigns to each type of qualifying collateral for purposes of determining the amount of credit that such qualifying collateral will support. For each type of qualifying collateral, the Bank discounts the market value of the qualifying collateral to calculate the LCV. The Bank regularly reevaluates the appropriate level of discounting. The Bank had rights to collateral on a borrower-by-borrower basis with an estimated value equal to or greater than its outstanding extension of credit as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The following table presents information about the types of collateral held for the Bank s advances (dollars in millions). 
 Total Par Value of Outstanding Advances LCV of Collateral Pledged by Members First Mortgage Collateral ) Securities Collateral ) Other Real Estate Related Collateral ) As of December 31, 2022 110,309 331,253 63.13 14.13 22.74 As of December 31, 2021 44,927 299,844 63.09 12.52 24.39 
 For purposes of determining each member s LCV, the Bank estimates the current market value of all residential first mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, home equity loans, and lines of credit pledged as collateral based on information provided by the member on its loan portfolio or on individual loans through the regular collateral reporting process. The estimated market value is discounted to account for the (1) price volatility of loans, (2) model data uncertainty, and (3) estimated liquidation and servicing costs in the event of the member s default. Market values, and thus LCVs, change monthly. The use of this market-based valuation methodology allows the Bank to establish its collateral discounts with greater precision and to 
 54 

Table of Conten t s 

 provide greater transparency with respect to the valuation of collateral pledged for advances and other credit products offered by the Bank. 
 
 The FHLBank Act affords any security interest granted to the Bank by any member of the Bank, or any affiliate of any such member, priority over the claims and rights of any party (including any receiver, conservator, trustee, or similar party having rights of a lien creditor) other than the claims and rights of a party that (1) would be entitled to priority under otherwise applicable law; and (2) is an actual bona fide purchaser for value or is an actual secured party whose security interest is perfected in accordance with applicable state law. 
 In its history, the Bank has never experienced a credit loss on an advance. In consideration of this and the Bank s policies and practices detailed above, the Bank has not established an allowance for credit losses on advances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Investments 
 
 The Bank is subject to credit risk on investments consisting of investment securities, interest-bearing deposits, securities purchased under agreements to resell, and federal funds sold. These investments are generally transacted with government agencies and large financial institutions that are considered to be of investment quality. The Finance Agency defines investment quality as a security with adequate financial backing, so that full and timely payment of principal and interest on such security is expected, and there is minimal risk that the timely payment of principal and interest would not occur because of adverse changes in economic and financial conditions during the projected life of the security. 
 In addition to Finance Agency regulations, the Bank has established guidelines approved by its board of directors regarding unsecured extensions of credit, with respect to term limits and eligible counterparties. 
 Finance Agency regulations prohibit the Bank from investing in any of the following securities: 
 instruments, such as common stock, that represent an ownership interest in an entity, other than stock in small business investment companies, or certain investments targeted to low-income people or communities; 
 instruments issued by non-U.S. entities, other than those issued by U.S. branches and agency offices of foreign commercial banks; 
 debt instruments that are not of investment quality, other than certain investments targeted to low-income people or communities and instruments that the Bank determined became less than investment quality because of developments or events that occurred after purchase by the Bank; 
 whole mortgages or other whole loans, other than the following: (1) those acquired under the Bank s mortgage purchase programs; (2) certain investments targeted to low-income people or communities; (3) certain marketable direct obligations of state, local, or tribal government units or agencies that are of investment quality; (4) MBS or asset-backed securities that are backed by manufactured housing loans or home equity loans; and (5) certain foreign housing loans that are authorized under section 12(b) of the FHLBank Act; 
 interest-only or principal-only stripped MBS, collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs), collateralized debt obligations, and real estate mortgage investment conduits (REMICs); 
 residual-interest or interest-accrual classes of CMOs and REMICs; 
 fixed-rate or variable-rate MBS, CMOs, and REMICs that are at rates equal to their contractual cap on the trade date and that have average lives that vary by more than six years under an assumed instantaneous interest-rate change of 300 basis points; and 
 non-U.S. dollar denominated securities. 
 
 Finance Agency regulations do not permit the Bank to rely exclusively on Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (NRSRO) ratings with respect to its investments. The Bank is required to make a determination of whether a security is of investment quality based on its own documented analysis, which includes the NRSRO rating as one of the factors that is assessed to determine investment quality. The Bank monitors the financial condition of investment counterparties to ensure that they are in compliance with the Bank s RMP and Finance Agency regulations. Unsecured credit exposure to any counterparty is limited by the credit quality and capital of the counterparty and by the capital of the Bank. On a regular basis, management produces financial monitoring reports detailing the financial condition of the Bank s counterparties. These reports 
 55 

Table of Conten t s 

 are reviewed by the Bank s board of directors. In addition to the Bank s RMP and regulatory requirements, the Bank may limit or suspend overnight and term trading. Limiting or suspending counterparties limits the pool of available counterparties, shifts the geographical distribution of counterparty exposure, and may reduce the Bank s overall investment opportunities. 
 The Bank only enters into investments with U.S. counterparties or U.S. branch offices of foreign banks that have been approved by the Bank through its internal approval process, but the Bank may still have exposure to foreign entities if a counterparty s parent entity is located in another country. The following tables present the Bank s gross exposure, by instrument type, according to the location of the parent company of the counterparty (in millions). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 Federal Funds Sold Interest-bearing Deposits Net Derivative Exposure (1) 
 Total Australia 1,295 1,295 Canada 2,405 2,405 Finland 796 796 France 975 975 Germany 700 700 Netherlands 300 300 United States of America 1,565 1,277 16 2,858 Total 8,036 1,277 16 9,329 ____________ 
 (1) Amounts do not reflect collateral; see the table under Risk Management Credit Risk Derivatives below for a breakdown of the credit ratings of and the Bank s credit exposure to derivative counterparties, including net exposure after collateral. 
 As of December 31, 2021 Federal Funds Sold Interest-bearing 
 Deposits 
 Total Australia 820 820 Austria 55 55 Canada 2,315 2,315 Finland 655 655 France 376 376 Germany 1,010 1,010 Netherlands 790 790 Sweden 200 200 United States of America 199 688 887 Total 6,420 688 7,108 
 
 The Bank experienced an increase in unsecured credit exposure in its investment portfolio related to non-U.S. government and non-U.S. government agency counterparties to 9.3 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 7.1 billion as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, Australia New Zealand Banking Group (Australia), Credit Agricole CIB (France), and Toronto Dominion Bank (Canada) each represented greater than 10 percent and collectively represented 35.1 percent of the total unsecured credit exposure to non-U.S. government or non-U.S. government agency counterparties. As of December 31, 2022, total unsecured credit portfolio consisted primarily of federal funds sold with overnight maturities. 
 The Bank s RMP permits the Bank to invest in U.S. agency (i.e., Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae) obligations including the following: (1) CMOs and REMICS that are backed by such securities; and (2) other MBS, CMOs, and REMICS that are of sufficient investment quality, which typically have the highest ratings issued by S P or Moody s at the time of purchase. In addition to NRSRO ratings, the Bank considers a variety of credit quality factors when analyzing potential investments, such as collateral performance, marketability, asset class considerations, local and regional economic conditions, and the financial health of the underlying issuer. 
 56 

Table of Conten t s 

 The following table presents information on the credit ratings of the Bank s investments held as of December 31, 2022 (in millions), based on their credit ratings as of December 31, 2022. The credit ratings reflect the lowest long-term credit ratings as reported by an NRSRO. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Carrying Value Investment Grade AAA AA A BBB Total Investment securities: Government-sponsored enterprises debt obligations 
 1,550 1,550 U.S. Treasury obligations 
 2,713 2,713 State or local housing agency debt obligations 
 1 1 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. agency obligations-guaranteed residential 
 257 257 Government-sponsored enterprises residential 
 5,504 5,504 Government-sponsored enterprises commercial 
 544 14,770 15,314 Total mortgage-backed securities 
 544 20,531 21,075 Total investment securities 544 24,795 25,339 Other investments: Interest-bearing deposits 3 1,225 49 1,277 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 
 6,250 6,250 Federal funds sold 796 6,875 365 8,036 Total other investments 7,049 8,100 414 15,563 Total investments 544 31,844 8,100 414 40,902 
 
 Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell 
 
 Securities purchased under agreements to resell are considered collateralized financing arrangements and effectively represent short-term loans transacted with counterparties that the Bank considers to be of investment quality. The terms of these loans are structured such that if the fair value of the underlying securities decreases below the fair value required as collateral, the counterparty must place an equivalent amount of additional securities as collateral or remit an equivalent amount of cash. If an agreement to resell is deemed to be impaired, the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost of the agreement is recognized in earnings. 
 
 Available-for-sale Securities 
 
 Available-for-sale securities are evaluated at the individual security level for impairment on a quarterly basis by comparing the security s fair value to its amortized cost. Accrued interest receivable is recorded separately on the Statements of Condition. Impairment exists when the fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost (i.e., in an unrealized loss position). In assessing whether a credit loss exists on an impaired security, the Bank considers whether there would be a shortfall in receiving all cash flows contractually due. In the case of U.S. obligations, they carry an explicit U.S. government guarantee and GSE securities are purchased under an assumption that the issuers obligation to pay principal and interest on those securities will be honored, taking into account their status as GSEs. Thus, the Bank considers the risk of nonpayment to be zero. When a shortfall is considered possible, the Bank compares the present value of cash flows to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows is less than amortized cost, an allowance for credit losses is recorded with a corresponding adjustment to the provision (reversal) for credit losses. The allowance is limited by the amount of the unrealized loss. The allowance for credit losses excludes uncollectible accrued interest receivable, which is measured separately. If management intends to sell an impaired security classified as available-for-sale, or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before expected recovery of its amortized cost basis, any allowance for credit losses is written off and the amortized cost basis is written down to the security s fair value at the reporting date with any incremental impairment reported in earnings. If management does not intend to sell an impaired security classified as available-for-sale and it is not more likely than not that management will be required to sell the debt security, then the credit portion of the difference is recognized as an allowance for credit losses and any remaining difference between the security s fair value and amortized cost is recorded as net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities within other comprehensive income (loss). 

57 

Table of Conten t s 

 Held-to-maturity Securities 
 
 Held-to-maturity securities are evaluated quarterly for expected credit losses on a pool basis unless an individual assessment is deemed necessary because the securities do not possess similar risk characteristics. If applicable, an allowance for credit losses is recorded with a corresponding credit loss expense (or reversal of credit loss expense). The allowance for credit losses excludes uncollectible accrued interest receivable, which is measured separately. 
 
 The Bank evaluates its held-to-maturity securities for impairment on a collective, or pooled basis unless an individual assessment is deemed necessary because the securities do not possess similar risk characteristics. The Bank has not established an allowance for credit loss on any of its held-to-maturity securities as of December 31, 2022 because the securities: (1) were all highly-rated and/or had short remaining terms to maturity, (2) had not experienced, nor did the Bank expect, any payment default on the instruments and (3) in the case of U.S. obligations, they carry an explicit U.S. government guarantee such that the Bank considers the risk of nonpayment to be zero, and (4) in the case of GSE securities, they are purchased under an assumption that the issuers obligation to pay principal and interest on those securities will be honored, taking into account their status as GSEs. 

Derivatives 
 
 The Bank is subject to credit risk due to the risk of nonperformance by counterparties to its derivative transactions. The amount of credit risk on derivatives depends on the extent to which netting procedures, collateral requirements, and other credit enhancements are used and are effective in mitigating the risk. The Bank manages credit risk through credit analysis, collateral management, and other credit enhancements. The Bank is also required to follow the requirements set forth by applicable regulations. 
 
 The Bank s over-the-counter derivative transactions may either be (1) uncleared derivatives, which are executed bilaterally with a counterparty; or (2) cleared derivatives, which are cleared through a clearing agent with a Clearinghouse. Once a derivative transaction has been accepted for clearing by a Clearinghouse, the derivative transaction is novated, and the executing counterparty is replaced with the Clearinghouse as the counterparty. 
 
 For uncleared derivatives, the Bank is subject to nonperformance by counterparties. The Bank generally requires collateral on uncleared derivative transactions. A counterparty must deliver collateral to the Bank if the total market value of the Bank s exposure to that counterparty rises above a specific trigger point. As a result of these risk mitigation initiatives, the Bank does not anticipate any credit losses on its uncleared derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 
 If the counterparty has an NRSRO rating, the net exposure after collateral is treated as unsecured credit, consistent with the Bank s RMP and Finance Agency regulations. If the counterparty does not have an NRSRO rating, the Bank requires collateral for the full amount of the exposure. 
 
 For cleared derivatives, the Bank is subject to credit risk due to nonperformance by the Clearinghouse and clearing agent. The requirement that the Bank post initial and variation margin through the clearing agent, to the Clearinghouse, exposes the Bank to institutional credit risk in the event that the clearing agent or the Clearinghouse fails to meet its obligations. The use of cleared derivatives mitigates credit risk exposure because a central counterparty is substituted for individual counterparties, and collateral is posted daily for changes in the value of cleared derivatives through a clearing agent. This does introduce, however, a risk of concentration among the limited number of Clearinghouses and clearing agents. The Bank actively monitors Clearinghouses and clearing agents. An annual review of the Bank s Clearinghouses is performed, and the Bank also monitors its exposure to Clearinghouses on a monthly basis. The Bank currently utilized two approved Clearinghouses, CME Clearing and LCH Ltd. The Bank also monitors the clearing agents through its unsecured credit system, and the Bank subjects these clearing agents to the same limits as other bilateral derivative counterparties. The parent companies of the clearing agents are monitored through annual reviews, as well as through the Bank s daily monitoring tools, which include reviewing equity triggers, debt triggers, and credit default swap spread triggers. In addition, exposures to the clearing agents are monitored daily on a swap counterparty report. The Bank currently has two approved clearing agents, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and Goldman Sachs Co. The Bank does not anticipate any credit losses on its cleared derivatives as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The contractual or notional amount of derivative transactions reflects the involvement of the Bank in the various classes of financial instruments; however, the Bank s maximum credit risk with respect to derivative transactions, is the estimated cost of replacing the derivative transactions if there is default, less the value of any related collateral, including initial and variation margin. In determining maximum credit risk, the Bank considers accrued interest receivables and payables, as well as the netting requirements to net assets and liabilities. 
 58 

Table of Conten t s 

 The following tables present information on the credit ratings of, and the Bank s credit exposure to, its derivative counterparties (in millions). The credit ratings reflect the lowest long-term credit rating by an NRSRO. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Notional Amount Net Derivatives Fair Value Before Collateral Cash Collateral Pledged To (From) Counterparty Other Collateral Pledged To (From) Counterparty Net Credit Exposure to Counterparties Non-member counterparties: Asset positions with credit exposure: Triple-B 10 Cleared derivatives 30,749 16 260 276 Liability positions with credit exposure: Single-A 9,465 (592) 594 2 Cleared derivatives 591 1 1 Total derivative positions with non-member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 40,815 (576) 855 279 Member institutions (1) 
 11 Total 40,826 (576) 855 279 
 ____________ 
 (1) Collateral held with respect to derivatives with member institutions when the Bank is acting as an intermediary represents the amount of eligible collateral physically held by or on behalf of the Bank or collateral assigned to the Bank, as evidenced by a written security agreement, and held by the member institution for the benefit of the Bank. 
 As of December 31, 2021 Notional Amount Net Derivatives Fair Value Before Collateral Cash Collateral Pledged To (From) Counterparty Other Collateral Pledged To (From) Counterparty Net Credit Exposure to Counterparties Non-member counterparties: Liability positions with credit exposure: Single-A 10 Cleared derivatives 
 15,357 (3) 334 331 Total derivative positions with non-member counterparties to which the Bank had credit exposure 
 15,367 (3) 334 331 Member institutions (1) 
 12 1 (1) Total 15,379 (2) 334 (1) 331 
 ____________ 
 (1) Collateral held with respect to derivatives with member institutions when the Bank is acting as an intermediary represents the amount of eligible collateral physically held by or on behalf of the Bank or collateral assigned to the Bank, as evidenced by a written security agreement, and held by the member institution for the benefit of the Bank. 

Mortgage Loan Programs 
 
 The Bank seeks to manage the credit risk associated with the MPP and the MPF Program by maintaining underwriting and eligibility standards and structuring possible losses into several layers to be shared with the PFIs. 
 
 Mortgage loans purchased under the MPP and MPF Program must comply with the underwriting and eligibility standards set forth in applicable MPP guidelines or MPF guidelines. In both MPP and MPF, the Bank and PFIs share the risk of losses on mortgage loans by structuring potential losses on conventional mortgage loans into layers with respect to each master commitment and in compliance with the applicable regulations governing the purchase of mortgage loans by the Bank. 

59 

Table of Conten t s 

 The following table presents the Bank s credit ratios for mortgage loans held for portfolio, along with each component of the ratio s calculation (dollars in millions): 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Average mortgage loans held for portfolio outstanding during the year (1) 
 132 180 Mortgage loans held for portfolio (1) 
 120 150 Nonaccrual loans (1) 
 4 6 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans held for portfolio Net charge-offs Ratios ) Net charge-offs to average mortgage loans held for portfolio outstanding during the year 0.05 Allowance for credit losses to mortgage loans held for portfolio 0.02 0.09 Nonaccrual loans to mortgage loans held for portfolio 3.66 4.30 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans 0.45 2.09 
 ____________ 
 (1) Represents unpaid principal balance. 

Operational Risk 
 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems, or from external events. Operational risk for the Bank also includes reputation and legal risks associated with business practices or market conduct that the Bank may undertake. Operational risk inherently is greatest where transaction processes include numerous processing steps, require greater subjectivity, or are non-routine. The Bank operates in a complex business environment and is subject to numerous regulatory requirements. 
 
 The Bank identifies risk through daily operational monitoring, independent reviews, and the strategic planning and risk assessment programs that both consider the operational risk ramifications of the Bank s business strategies and environment. The Bank has established comprehensive financial and operating policies and procedures to mitigate the likelihood of loss resulting from the identified operational risks. In addition, the Bank s Operational Risk Committee is responsible for overseeing the Bank s risk management policies, procedures, strategies, and activities related to operational risks, including overseeing the monitoring process and review of risk assessments. This oversight also includes compliance risk and reputational risk. The Bank effects related changes in processes, information systems, lines of communication, and other internal controls as deemed appropriate in response to identified or anticipated increases in operational risk. 
 
 The board of directors has an Enterprise Risk and Operations Committee (EROC) to advise and assist the board with respect to enterprise risk management, operations, information technology, and other related matters. In addition, the Bank s internal Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC) is responsible for the management and oversight of the Bank s risk management programs and practices. Additionally, the Bank s Internal Audit department, which reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Bank s board of directors, regularly tests compliance with the policies and procedures related to managing operational risks. 
 
 Cyber-Related Risks. The efficiencies offered by information technology (IT) are necessary components of Bank operations. The IT architecture supports multiple operating systems, database structures, and virtualized servers to support business applications that are a mixture of vendor-licensed and in-house developed. Cyber-attacks are increasing globally across all business sectors and cyber attackers are finding more ways to penetrate organizations systems. Cybersecurity threats can result in damage to the Bank s physical facilities, technology systems, and/or the Bank s intangible assets. Successful attacks can have a financial, legal, and reputational impact on the Bank as well as disrupt the Bank s ability to serve its shareholders. 
 The Bank s board of directors, through EROC, oversees the major dimensions of the Bank s information technology program including management of information systems to ensure alignment with the Bank s strategic plan, risk management activities, and operational performance standards. In that role, EROC oversees the development, implementation and maintenance of the Bank s information security program including recommending action to the board with respect to the Bank s information security policy on an annual basis and reviewing reports on the effectiveness of the Bank s information security program. The Bank s internal ERC reviews and reports to the board on the risk exposures and risk appetites of the Bank, including those related to information technology. In addition, the Bank s internal Information Technology Governance Committee oversees IT governance, including: IT risk management and IT operational performance, and the Bank s internal Security Governance 
 60 

Table of Conten t s 

 Committee provides independent and integrated oversight of the information security program. Each of these committees provide information and make recommendations to the board, through the Bank s executive management committee, regarding their respective oversight authority. 

Business Risk 
 
 Business risk is the risk of an adverse effect on the Bank s profitability resulting from external factors that may occur in both the short- and the long-term. Business risk includes political, strategic, reputation, and regulatory events that are beyond the Bank s control. In particular, during 2022 and continuing into 2023, the Bank faces business risk, which may include changes in: 
 
 the overall economy; 
 
 the financial services industry or the Bank s competitive environment; and 
 
 legislation, regulation, or congressional scrutiny affecting the Bank or its members. 
 
 For discussion of the Bank s competition for advances, see Item 1 . Business Competition above. For discussion of recent regulatory activity that may have a material impact on the Bank s operations, see Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Legislative and Regulatory Developments . The Bank attempts to mitigate these risks through long-term strategic planning and through continually monitoring economic indicators and the external environment. 
 
 Cyclicality and Seasonality 
 
 The Bank s business and the demand for advances from the Bank are generally not subject to the effects of cyclical or seasonal variations, although the Bank s advance demand may vary based upon fluctuations of its members consumer credit liquidity needs. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 
 The majority of the Bank s assets and liabilities are, and will continue to be, monetary in nature. Although interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction, or to the same extent, as the prices of goods and services, higher rates of inflation generally result in corresponding increases in interest rates. Inflation, coupled with increasing interest rates, generally has the following effects on the Bank: 
 
 the cost of the Bank s funds and operating overhead increases; 
 
 the yield on variable-rate assets held by the Bank increases; 
 
 the fair value of fixed-rate investments and mortgage loans held in portfolio decreases; and 
 
 mortgage loan prepayment rates decrease and result in lower levels of mortgage loan refinance activity, which may result in the reduction of Bank advances to members as increased rates tend to slow home sales. 
 
 Conversely, lower rates of inflation or deflation have the opposite effects of the above on the Bank and its holdings. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 A discussion of the Bank s market risk is contained in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Risk Management Market Risk . 
 
 61 

Table of Conten t s 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of the 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of condition of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the FHLBank as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of income, of comprehensive income, of capital, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the FHLBank's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the FHLBank as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the FHLBank maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The FHLBank's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the FHLBank s financial statements and on the FHLBank's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the FHLBank in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

62 

Table of Conten t s 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of Interest-Rate Related Derivatives and Hedged Items 
 
 As described in Notes 13 and 14 to the financial statements, the FHLBank uses derivatives to reduce funding costs and to manage its exposure to interest-rate risks, among other objectives. The total notional amount of derivatives as of December 31, 2022 was 82 billion, of which 95 were designated as hedging instruments, and the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was 279 million and 25 million, respectively. The fair values of interest-rate related derivatives and hedged items are calculated using a discounted cash flow analysis, which utilizes market-observable inputs. The significant assumptions used in the model include discount rates, market indices, and market volatility. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of interest-rate related derivatives and hedged items is a critical audit matter are the significant audit effort in evaluating the discount rates, market indices, and market volatility assumptions used to fair value these derivatives and hedged items, and the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of interest-rate related derivatives and hedged items, including controls over the model, data and assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of interest-rate related derivatives and hedged items and comparison of management s estimate to the independently developed ranges. Developing the independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management and independently developing the discount rates, market indices, and market volatility assumptions. 

/s/ 

March 10, 2023 
 
 We have served as the FHLBank s auditor since 1990. 

63 

Table of Conten t s 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits (including deposits with other FHLBanks of 3 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Investment securities: Available-for-sale securities (amortized cost of 2,747 and 2,648 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Held-to-maturity securities (fair value of 22,140 and 15,099 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Total investment securities 
 Advances Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities Interest-bearing deposits Consolidated obligations, net: Discount notes Bonds Total consolidated obligations, net Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Affordable Housing Program payable Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 15 
 Capital Capital stock Class B putable 100 par value) issued and outstanding shares: Subclass B1 issued and outstanding shares: 7,113,946 and 7,143,718 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Subclass B2 issued and outstanding shares: 46,760,652 and 16,681,827 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Subclass B3 issued and outstanding shares: 93,107 and 0 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Total capital stock Class B putable Retained earnings: Restricted Unrestricted Total retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total capital Total liabilities and capital 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Conten t s 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Advances Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Trading securities Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Mortgage loans Loans to other FHLBanks Total interest income Interest expense Consolidated obligations: Discount notes Bonds Interest-bearing deposits Total interest expense Net interest income Reversal of provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after reversal of provision for credit losses Noninterest income (loss) Net (losses) gains on investment securities ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives ) Standby letters of credit fees Gain on litigation settlements, net Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Compensation and benefits Other operating expenses Finance Agency Office of Finance Affordable Housing Program non-statutory contribution Other Total noninterest expense Income before assessment Affordable Housing Program assessment Net income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Conten t s 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss: Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Reclassification of unrealized gains related to the sale of available-for-sale securities ) Pension and postretirement benefits Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Conten t s 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL 
 (In millions) 
 
 Capital Stock Class B Putable Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Capital Shares Par Value Restricted Unrestricted Total Balance, December 31, 2019 Issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock 
 ) ) ) Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation Cash dividends on capital stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock 
 ) ) ) Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 ) ) Comprehensive income Cash dividends on capital stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of capital stock Repurchase/redemption of capital stock 
 ) ) ) Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Cash dividends on capital stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Conten t s 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (accretion) ) Reversal of provision for credit losses ) Net change in derivative and hedging activities ) Net change in fair value adjustment on trading securities ) Net realized gains from sale of available-for-sale securities ) Net realized gains from sale of held-to-maturity securities ) Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) Other assets ) Affordable Housing Program payable ) ) ) Accrued interest payable ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing activities Net change in: Interest-bearing deposits ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Federal funds sold ) ) Trading securities: Proceeds from sale Proceeds from principal collected Available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from sale Purchases of long-term ) ) Held-to-maturity securities: Proceeds from sale Proceeds from principal collected Purchases of long-term ) ) ) Advances: Proceeds from principal collected Originated ) ) ) Mortgage loans: Proceeds from principal collected Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets Purchases of premises, equipment, and software ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) 
 68 

Table of Conten t s 

 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) (In millions) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities Net change in interest-bearing deposits ) Net payments on derivatives containing a financing element ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of consolidated obligations: Discount notes Bonds Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Payments for maturing and retiring consolidated obligations: Discount notes ) ) ) Bonds ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of capital stock Payments for repurchase/redemption of capital stock ) ) ) Payments for repurchase/redemption of mandatorily redeemable capital stock ) ) ) Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and due from banks ) ) Cash and due from banks at beginning of the year Cash and due from banks at end of the year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for: Interest Affordable Housing Program assessments, net Noncash investing and financing activities: Net shares reclassified to mandatorily redeemable capital stock Held-to-maturity securities acquired with accrued liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

69 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Note 1 
 
 district Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks). Each FHLBank operates as a separate entity within a defined geographic district and has its own management, employees, and board of directors. The Bank s defined geographic district includes Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and the District of Columbia. The FHLBanks are government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) that were organized under the Federal Home Loan Bank Act of 1932, as amended (FHLBank Act), to serve the public by enhancing the availability of credit for residential mortgages and targeted community developments. The primary function of the Bank is to provide readily available, competitively priced funding to its member institutions. 
 
 The Bank is a cooperative whose member institutions own substantially all of the capital stock of the Bank. Former members and certain non-members, which own the Bank s capital stock as a result of a merger or acquisition of a member of the Bank, own the remaining capital stock to support business transactions still carried on the Bank s Statements of Condition. All holders of the Bank s capital stock are entitled to receive dividends on their capital stock, to the extent declared by the Bank s board of directors. 
 
 Federally-insured depository institutions, insurance companies, privately-insured state-chartered credit unions, and community development financial institutions that are located in the Bank s defined geographic district and engaged in residential housing finance are eligible to apply for membership. All members must purchase and hold capital stock of the Bank. A member s stock requirement is based on the amount of its total assets, as well as the amount of certain of its business activities with the Bank. Housing associates (including state and local housing authorities) that meet certain statutory criteria may also borrow from the Bank. While they are eligible to borrow, housing associates are not members of the Bank and are not allowed to hold capital stock. The Bank does not sponsor any special purpose entities or any other types of off-balance sheet conduits. 
 
 The Federal Housing Finance Agency (Finance Agency), an independent agency in the executive branch of the U.S. government, supervises and regulates the FHLBanks and is responsible for ensuring that the FHLBanks (1) operate in a safe and sound manner, including that they maintain adequate capital and internal controls; (2) foster liquid, efficient, competitive, and resilient national housing finance markets through their operations and activities; (3) comply with applicable laws and regulations; and (4) carry out their housing finance mission through authorized activities that are consistent with the public interest. The Finance Agency also establishes policies and regulations covering the operations of the FHLBanks. 
 
 The Federal Home Loan Banks Office of Finance (Office of Finance), a joint office of the FHLBanks, facilitates the issuance and servicing of the FHLBanks debt instruments, known as consolidated obligations, and prepares the combined quarterly and annual financial reports of the FHLBanks. As provided by the FHLBank Act and applicable regulations, the Bank s consolidated obligations are backed only by the financial resources of the FHLBanks. Consolidated obligations are the primary source of funds for the Bank in addition to deposits, other borrowings, and capital stock issued to members. The Bank primarily uses these funds to provide advances to members. The Bank also provides members and non-members with correspondent banking services, such as safekeeping, wire transfer, and cash management services. 

Note 2 

70 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

allowance for credit losses was needed for its securities purchased under agreements to resell as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying value of securities purchased under agreements excludes accrued interest receivable that was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Federal funds sold are unsecured loans that are generally transacted on an overnight term. All investments in interest-bearing deposits and federal funds sold were repaid or expected to be repaid according to the contractual terms as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. allowance for credit losses was recorded for these assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying values of interest-bearing deposits and federal funds sold excludes accrued interest receivable that was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Investments in Debt Securities. The Banks classifies investment securities as trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity at the date of acquisition. Purchases and sales of securities are recorded on a trade date basis. 
 
 The Bank classifies certain investments in debt securities acquired for purposes of liquidity and asset-liability management as trading investments and carries these securities at their estimated fair value. The Bank does not participate in speculative trading practices in these investments and generally holds them until maturity, except to the extent management deems necessary to manage the Bank s liquidity position. The Bank records changes in the fair value of these investments in noninterest income (loss) as Net (losses) gains on investment securities on the Statements of Income, along with gains and losses on sales of investment securities using the specific identification method. The Bank does not have any investment securities classified as trading as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Bank classifies certain securities that are not held-to-maturity or trading as available-for-sale and carries these securities at their estimated fair value. The Bank records changes in the fair value of these investments in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

72 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 73 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

74 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

75 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

76 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

percent of its net income to a separate restricted retained earnings account until the balance of that account, calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter, equals at least one percent of that FHLBank s average balance of outstanding consolidated obligations for the calendar quarter. Additionally, the Capital Agreement provides that amounts in restricted retained earnings in excess of 150 percent of the Bank s restricted retained earnings minimum (i.e., one percent of the Bank s average balance of outstanding consolidated obligations calculated as of the last day of each calendar quarter) may be released from restricted retained earnings. Restricted retained earnings are not available to pay dividends and are presented separately on the Statement of Condition. 

77 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Note 3 

Note 4 
 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no legal restrictions regarding the withdrawal of these funds. 

Note 5 
 ) As of December 31, 2021 ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Amortized cost includes adjustments made to the cost basis for accretion, amortization, and/or fair value hedge accounting adjustments, and excludes accrued interest receivable that was and not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 ) ) As of December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 Due after one year through five years Total 
 ____________ 
 (1) Amortized cost includes adjustments made to the cost basis for accretion, amortization, and/or fair value hedge accounting adjustments, and excludes accrued interest receivable that was and not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Variable-rate Total amortized cost 
 ____________ 
 (1) Amortized cost includes adjustments made to the cost basis for accretion, amortization, and/or fair value hedge accounting adjustments, and excludes accrued interest receivable that was and not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During 2020, the Bank sold all of its available-for-sale private-label mortgage-backed securities (MBS). Proceeds from the sale of the available-for-sale private-label MBS totaled which resulted in a net realized gain of determined by the specific identification method. There were no sales during 2022 and 2021. 

79 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Government-sponsored enterprises debt obligations ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. agency obligations-guaranteed residential ) ) Government-sponsored enterprises residential ) ) Government-sponsored enterprises commercial ) ) Total ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total non-mortgage-backed securities Mortgage-backed securities Total 
 ____________ 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivable of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Variable-rate Total non-mortgage-backed securities Mortgage-backed securities: Fixed-rate Variable-rate Total mortgage-backed securities Total amortized cost (1) 
 
 ____________ 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 
 During 2020, for strategic, economic and operational reasons, the Bank sold all of its held-to-maturity private-label MBS. The amortized cost of the held-to-maturity private-label MBS sold was . Proceeds from the sale of the held-to-maturity private-label MBS totaled , which resulted in a net realized gain of determined by the specific identification method. For each of the held-to-maturity securities which were sold, the Bank had previously collected at least 85 percent of the principal outstanding at the time of acquisition due to prepayments or scheduled prepayments over the term of the security. As such, the sales were considered maturities for purposes of security classification. There were no sales of held-to-maturity securities during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 For information related to the Bank s credit risk on investments in debt securities and allowance for credit losses, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Note 6 
 
 Due after one year through two years Due after two years through three years Due after three years through four years Due after four years through five years Due after five years Total par value Deferred prepayment fees ) Discounts ) ) Hedging adjustments ) Total (1) 
 
 ___________ 
 (1) and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Bank offers callable advances to members that may be prepaid on prescribed dates (call dates) without incurring prepayment or termination fees. The Bank also offers prepayable advances, which are variable-rate advances that may be contractually prepaid by the borrower on specified dates without incurring prepayment or termination fees. Other advances may be prepaid only by paying a fee to the Bank, so the Bank is financially indifferent to the prepayment of the advance. The Bank had callable and prepayable advances outstanding of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The following table presents advances by year of contractual maturity or next call date for callable advances. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Due or callable in one year or less Due or callable after one year through two years Due or callable after two years through three years Due or callable after three years through four years Due or callable after four years through five years Due or callable after five years Total par value 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table presents advances by year of contractual maturity or, for convertible advances, next conversion date. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Due or convertible in one year or less 
 Due or convertible after one year through two years 
 Due or convertible after two years through three years 
 Due or convertible after three years through four years 
 Due or convertible after four years through five years 
 Due or convertible after five years 
 Total par value 

Interest-rate Payment Terms. The following table presents interest-rate payment terms for advances. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Fixed-rate: Due in one year or less Due after one year Total fixed-rate Variable-rate: Due in one year or less Due after one year Total variable-rate Total par value 
 
 Advance Concentrations. The Bank s advances are concentrated in commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions, and insurance companies, and further is concentrated in certain larger borrowing relationships. The concentration of the Bank s advances to its largest borrowers was , or percent of total advances, and , or percent of total advances, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For information related to the Bank s credit risk on advances and allowance for credit losses, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

Note 7 

83 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Long-term (greater than 15 years) Total unpaid principal balance Discounts ) Total mortgage loans held for portfolio (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses on mortgage loans Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net 
 ____________ 
 (1) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 The following table presents the unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans held for portfolio by collateral or guarantee type. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Conventional mortgage loans Government-guaranteed or insured mortgage loans Total unpaid principal balance 
 
 Reversal of provision for credit losses ) Balance, end of year 

84 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Past due 60-89 days Past due 90 days or more Total past due mortgage loans Current mortgage loans Total conventional mortgage loans 
 ____________ 
 (1) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 The following tables present the other delinquency statistics for all mortgage loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Conventional Residential Mortgage Loans Government-guaranteed or Insured Residential Mortgage Loans Total Other delinquency statistics, at amortized cost: In process of foreclosure (1) 
 Seriously delinquent rate (2) 
 Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest (3) 
 Mortgage loans on nonaccrual status (4) 

As of December 31, 2021 Conventional Residential Mortgage Loans Government-guaranteed or Insured Residential Mortgage Loans Total Other delinquency statistics, at recorded investment: In process of foreclosure (1) 
 Seriously delinquent rate (2) 
 Past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest (3) 
 Mortgage loans on nonaccrual status (4) 
 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) of conventional mortgage loans on nonaccrual status had an associated allowance for credit losses because either these loans were previously charged off to the expected recoverable value or the fair value of the underlying collateral, including any credit enhancements, was greater than the amortized cost of the loans. 
 
 A TDR is considered to have occurred when a concession that would not have been considered otherwise is granted to a borrower for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties. The Bank has granted a concession when it does not expect to collect all amounts due under the original contract as a result of the restructuring. A conventional residential mortgage loan in which the borrower filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy and the bankruptcy court discharged the borrower s obligation to the Bank is also considered a TDR. The amount of TDRs was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

85 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Note 8 
 FHLBanks for the payment of principal and interest on all consolidated obligations of each of the FHLBanks. The Finance Agency, at its discretion, may require any FHLBank to make principal or interest payments due on any consolidated obligation, whether or not the consolidated obligation represents a primary liability of such FHLBank. Although it has never occurred, to the extent that an FHLBank makes any payment on a consolidated obligation on behalf of another FHLBank that is primarily liable for such consolidated obligation, Finance Agency regulations provide that the paying FHLBank is entitled to reimbursement from the noncomplying FHLBank for any payments made on its behalf and any other associated costs (including interest to be determined by the Finance Agency). However, if the Finance Agency determines that the noncomplying FHLBank is unable to satisfy its repayment obligations, the Finance Agency may allocate the outstanding liabilities of the noncomplying FHLBank among the remaining FHLBanks on a pro rata basis in proportion to each FHLBank s participation in all consolidated obligations outstanding. The Finance Agency reserves the right to allocate the outstanding liabilities for the consolidated obligations among the FHLBanks in any other manner it may determine to ensure that the FHLBanks operate in a safe and sound manner. The par value of the FHLBanks outstanding consolidated obligations, including consolidated obligations issued by the Bank, was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Regulations require each FHLBank to maintain, in the aggregate, unpledged qualifying assets equal to that FHLBank s consolidated obligations outstanding. Qualifying assets are defined as cash; secured advances; obligations of or fully guaranteed by the United States; mortgages guaranteed or insured by the U.S. or its agencies; participations, mortgages, or other securities of or issued by certain government-sponsored enterprises; and such securities as fiduciary and trust funds may invest in under the laws of the state in which the FHLBank is located. The Bank held unpledged qualifying assets of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to a book value of and in consolidated obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 General Terms. Consolidated obligations are issued with either fixed- or variable-rate coupon payment terms and may use a variety of indices for interest-rate resets including the SOFR and others. To meet the expected specific needs of certain investors in consolidated obligations, both fixed- and variable-rate consolidated obligation bonds may contain certain features, which may result in complex coupon payment terms and call options. When such consolidated obligations are issued, the Bank generally enters into derivatives containing offsetting features that, in effect, convert the terms of the consolidated obligation bond to those of a simple variable-rate consolidated obligation bond. 
 
 These consolidated obligations, beyond having fixed-rate or simple variable-rate coupon payment terms, may also have the following broad term regarding either principal repayment or coupon payment terms: 
 
 Optional Principal Redemption Consolidated Obligation Bonds (callable bonds) that the Bank may redeem in whole or in part at its discretion on predetermined call dates according to the terms of the consolidated obligation bond offerings. 
 
 With respect to interest payments, consolidated obligation bonds may have the following term in addition to fixed-rate and simple variable-rate payment terms: 
 
 Step-up/down Consolidated Obligation Bonds have coupons at fixed rates for specified intervals over the lives of the consolidated obligation bonds. At the end of each specified interval, the coupon rate increases (or decreases) or steps up (or steps down). These consolidated obligation bond issues generally contain call provisions enabling the bonds to be called at the Bank s discretion. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Fixed-rate Step up/down Total par value 
 
 Due after one year through two years Due after two years through three years Due after three years through four years Due after four years through five years Due after five years Total par value Premiums Discounts ) ) Hedging adjustments ) ) Total 
 
 Callable Total par value 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Due or callable after one year through two years Due or callable after two years through three years Due or callable after three years through four years Due or callable after four years through five years Due or callable after five years Total par value 
 
 Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes. Consolidated obligation discount notes are issued to raise short-term funds and have original contractual maturities of up to . These consolidated obligation discount notes are issued at less than their face amounts and redeemed at par value when they mature. 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Note 9 
 percent of its income subject to assessment for the AHP, or such additional prorated sums as may be required so that the aggregate annual contribution of the FHLBanks is not less than . For purposes of the AHP calculation, each FHLBank s income subject to assessment is defined as the individual FHLBank s net income before assessments, plus interest expense related to mandatorily redeemable capital stock. The Bank accrues this expense monthly based on its income subject to assessment. The Bank reduces the AHP liability as members use subsidies. 
 
 If the Bank experienced a net loss during a quarter but had income subject to assessment in subsequent quarters, it would be required to contribute additional amounts to meet its calculated annual obligation based on the Bank s year-to-date income subject to assessment. If the Bank experienced a net loss for a full year, the Bank would have no obligation to the AHP for the year since each FHLBank s required annual AHP contribution is limited to its annual income subject to assessment. If the aggregate of percent of income subject to assessment for all FHLBanks was less than , each FHLBank would be required to contribute additional amounts so that the aggregate contribution of the FHLBanks equals the required . Each FHLBanks prorated contribution would be determined based on its income in relation to the income of all FHLBanks for the previous year. There was no shortfall in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. If an FHLBank finds that its required contributions are contributing to the financial instability of that FHLBank, it may apply to the Finance Agency for a temporary suspension of its contributions. No FHLBank made such an application in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. The Bank had outstanding principal in AHP-related advances of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 AHP assessment AHP non-statutory contribution Subsidy usage, net ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 . 

Note 10 
 
 regulatory capital requirements under its capital plan, the FHLBank Act, and Finance Agency regulations. 
 
 Risk-Based Capital . The Bank must maintain, at all times, permanent capital in an amount at least equal to the sum of its credit risk capital requirement, its market risk capital requirement, and its operational risk capital requirement, calculated in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Finance Agency. Permanent capital is defined by the FHLBank Act and regulations as the sum of retained earnings and the amounts paid-in for Class B stock. Only permanent capital satisfies the risk-based capital requirement. The Finance Agency may require the Bank to maintain a greater amount of permanent capital than is required by the risk-based capital requirement as defined. 
 
 Total Regulatory Capital . The FHLBank Act requires the Bank to maintain total regulatory capital in an amount equal to at least percent of total assets at all times. Total regulatory capital is defined as the sum of permanent capital, the amounts paid-in for Class A stock (if any), the amount of the Bank s general allowance for losses (if any), and the amount of any other instruments identified in the capital plan and approved by the Finance Agency. The Bank has not issued any Class A stock, has no general allowance for losses, and has no other instruments identified in the capital plan and approved by the Finance Agency; therefore, the Bank s total regulatory capital is equal to its permanent capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Total regulatory capital does not include accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) but does include mandatorily redeemable capital stock. 
 
 Leverage Capital . The FHLBank Act requires the Bank to maintain leverage capital in an amount equal to at least percent of total assets at all times. Leverage capital is defined as the sum of permanent capital weighted times and all other components of total capital. Although mandatorily redeemable capital stock is not included in capital for financial reporting purposes, such outstanding stock is considered capital for determining compliance with these regulatory capital requirements. 
 
 Total regulatory capital ratio Total regulatory capital Leverage capital ratio Leverage capital 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 subclasses of Class B stock, as follows: 
 
 shares of subclass B1 capital stock are issued to meet the membership stock requirement under the capital plan; 
 
 shares of subclass B2 capital stock are issued to meet the advances activity-based stock requirement under the capital plan; and 
 
 shares of subclass B3 capital stock are issued to meet the standby letters of credit activity-based stock requirement under the capital plan. 
 
 Each subclass of Class B stock is issued, redeemed, and repurchased at a par value of 100 per share. Member shares cannot be purchased or sold except between the Bank and its members at 100 per share par value. The minimum stock requirement for each member is the sum of the membership stock requirement and the activity-based stock requirements. The capital plan permits the Bank s board of directors to set the membership and activity-based stock requirements within a range as set forth in the capital plan. Activity-based stock held by a member is that amount of subclass B2 or B3 capital stock that the member is required to own for as long as certain transactions between the Bank and the member remain outstanding. The manner in which the activity-based stock requirement is determined under the capital plan is set forth below. 
 
 Subclass B1 capital stock. As of December 31, 2022, the membership stock requirement was an amount of subclass B1 capital stock equal to percent (five basis points) of the member s total assets as of December 31, 2021, subject to a cap of . The membership stock requirement is recalculated using the member s total assets as of the preceding calendar year-end at least annually by March 31. 
 
 Subclass B2 capital stock. The Bank s board of directors approved an adjustment to the activity-based stock requirement from percent to percent of the member s outstanding par value of advances. This change became effective as of December 5, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the advances activity-based stock requirement was an amount of subclass B2 capital stock equal to the sum of the following: 
 
 percent of the member s outstanding par value of advances; and 
 
 percent of any outstanding targeted debt or equity investments (such as multifamily residential mortgage loan assets) sold by the member to the Bank on or after December 17, 2004, although none of these investments were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The advances activity-based stock requirement also may include a percentage of any outstanding balance of acquired member assets (such as residential mortgage loan assets) although this percentage was set at as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Subclass B3 capital stock . As of December 31, 2022, the standby letters of credit activity-based requirement was an amount equal to percent (10 basis points) of members outstanding standby letters of credit. As of December 31, 2021, the standby letters of credit activity-based stock requirement was not yet in effect. 
 
 The FHLBank Act and Finance Agency regulations require that the minimum stock requirement for members must be sufficient to enable the Bank to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirement. Therefore, from time to time, the Bank s board of directors may adjust the membership stock requirement and the activity-based stock requirement within specified ranges set forth in the capital plan. Any adjustment outside the ranges would require an amendment to the capital plan and Finance Agency approval. Each member is required to comply promptly with any adjustment to the minimum stock requirement. The FHLBank Act provides that the Bank may repurchase, at its sole discretion, any member s capital stock investment that exceeds the required minimum amount (excess capital stock). Under certain circumstances, Finance Agency regulations limit the ability of the Bank to create member excess stock. The Bank may not pay dividends in the form of capital stock or issue excess capital stock to any member if the Bank s excess capital stock exceeds one percent of its total assets or if the issuance of excess capital stock would cause the Bank s excess capital stock to exceed one percent of its total assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s excess capital stock did not exceed one percent of its total assets. 
 
 A member may redeem its excess Class B capital stock at par value payable in cash five years after providing written notice to the Bank. The Bank, at its option, may repurchase a member s excess capital stock before expiration of the five-year notice period. The Bank s authority to redeem or repurchase capital stock is subject to a number of limitations. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Total 
 
 Partial recovery of prior capital distribution to Financing Corporation . The Competitive Equality Banking Act of 1987 was enacted in August 1987, which, among other things, provided for the recapitalization of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation through a newly-chartered entity, the Financing Corporation (FICO). The capitalization of FICO was provided by capital distributions from the FHLBanks to FICO in exchange for FICO nonvoting capital stock. Capital distributions were made by the FHLBanks in 1987, 1988, and 1989 that aggregated to . Upon passage of Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, the FHLBanks previous investment in capital stock of FICO was determined to be non-redeemable and the FHLBanks charged-off their prior capital distributions to FICO directly against retained earnings. 
 
 Upon the dissolution of FICO which ultimately concluded in July 2020, FICO determined that excess funds aggregating to 200 were available for distribution to its stockholders, the FHLBanks. Specifically, the Bank s partial recovery of prior capital distribution was which was determined based on its share of the originally contributed. This distribution of funds was received by the Bank in June 2020. The FHLBanks treated the receipt of these funds as a return of the FHLBanks investment in FICO capital stock, and therefore as a partial recovery of the prior capital distributions made by the FHLBanks to FICO in 1987, 1988, and 1989. These funds have been credited to unrestricted retained earnings. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Note 11 
 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: Adoption of ASU 2016-13 as amended ) Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities Actuarial loss ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income: 
 Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Amortization of pension and postretirement (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Actuarial loss ) ) Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income: Amortization of pension and postretirement (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Actuarial gain Reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income: Amortization of pension and postretirement (1) 
 Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) 

Note 12 

92 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Pentegra Plan funded status as of July 1 (1) 
 Bank s funded status as of July 1 
 ____________ 
 (1) The Pentegra Plan s funded status as of July 1 is preliminary and may increase because the plan s participants are permitted to make contributions through March 15 of the following year (i.e. through March 15, 2023 for the plan year ended June 30, 2022 and through March 15, 2022 for the plan year ended June 30, 2021). Contributions made before the March 15th deadline may be credited to the plan for the plan year ended June 30 of the previous year and included in the final valuation as of July 1 of the year the plan ended. The final funded status as of July 1 will not be available until the Form 5500 for the plan year July 1 through June 30 is filed. Form 5500 is due to be filed no later than April 2024 for the plan year July 1, 2022 through June 30, 2023 and April 2023 for the plan year July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022. Form 5500 was filed in April 2022 for the plan year July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021. 
 
 The Bank also participates in a qualified defined contribution plan. The Bank s contribution to this plan is equal to a percentage of voluntary contributions, subject to certain limitations, plus contributions for all employees hired on or after March 1, 2011. The Bank contributed to this plan during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 The Bank offers a supplemental nonqualified defined contribution retirement plan to eligible executives. The Bank s contribution to this plan is equal to a percentage of voluntary contributions. The Bank contributions to this plan were not material during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 In addition, the Bank maintains a nonqualified deferred compensation plan, available to Bank directors and officers at the senior vice president level and above, which is, in substance, an unfunded supplemental savings plan. The plan s liability consists of the accumulated compensation deferrals and accrued earnings on those deferrals. The Bank s minimum obligation from this plan was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Operating expense includes deferred compensation and accrued earnings that were not material for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 The Bank offers a supplemental nonqualified defined benefit pension plan to eligible executives and a postretirement health benefit plan to eligible retirees. There are no funded plan assets that have been designated to provide supplemental retirement plan or postretirement health benefits. 
 
 Amounts recognized in other liabilities (funded status) on the Statements of Condition for the Bank s supplemental defined benefit pension plan and postretirement health benefit plan was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net periodic benefit costs recognized in Compensation and benefits on the Statements of Income for the Bank s supplemental defined benefit pension plan and postretirement health benefit plan were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The amount recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) related to pension and postretirement benefit plans on the Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Bank s supplemental defined benefit pension plan and postretirement health benefit plan was income of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 . 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Note 13 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 years with variable or fixed rates and may include early termination features or options. The Bank may use derivatives to adjust the repricing and/or options characteristics of advances in order to more closely match the characteristics of the Bank s funding liabilities. In general, whenever a member executes a fixed- or a variable-rate advance with embedded options, the Bank simultaneously will execute a derivative with terms that offset the terms and embedded options in the advance. For example, the Bank may hedge a fixed-rate advance with an interest-rate swap in which the Bank pays a fixed-rate coupon and receives a variable-rate coupon, effectively converting the fixed-rate advance to a variable-rate advance. This type of hedge is typically treated as a fair-value hedge. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 96 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest-rate swaps (1) 
 Interest-rate caps or floors Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives before netting and collateral adjustments 
 Netting adjustments and cash collateral (2) 
 ) ) Derivative assets and derivative liabilities 
 ___________ 
 (1) and positive as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank did not receive any cash collateral, including accrued interest, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 ) ) Changes in fair value: Hedged items ) Derivatives ) ) Net changes in fair value Net interest settlements on derivatives (1) (2) 
 ) ) Amortization/accretion of active hedging relationships ) ) ) Other Total net interest income effect from fair value hedging relationships ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 ) Changes in fair value: Hedged items (2) 
 ) Derivatives ) Net changes in fair value ) Net interest settlements on derivatives (1) (2) 
 ) Amortization/accretion of active hedging relationships ) Other ) Total net interest income effect from fair value hedging relationships ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Advances Consolidated Obligation Bonds Consolidated Obligation Discount Notes Total interest income (expense) recorded in the Statements of Income ) ) Changes in fair value: Hedged items (2) 
 ) Derivatives ) Net changes in fair value Net interest settlements on derivatives (1) (2) 
 ) Amortization/accretion of active hedging relationships ) ) Other ) Total net interest income effect from fair value hedging relationships ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) 

) ) ) Available-for-sale Securities Consolidated obligations: Bonds ) ) ) Discount notes ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) 

98 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Consolidated obligation Bonds ) ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) . 
 
 ) Net interest settlements ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives ) 
 
 Managing Credit Risk on Derivatives 
 
 The Bank is subject to credit risk to its derivative transactions due to the risk of nonperformance by counterparties and manages this risk through credit analysis, collateral requirements, and adherence to the requirements set forth in its policies, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations, and Finance Agency regulations. 
 
 For uncleared derivatives, the degree of credit risk depends on the extent to which master netting arrangements are included in such contracts to mitigate the risk. The Bank requires collateral agreements with collateral delivery thresholds on all uncleared derivatives. Additionally, collateral related to derivatives with member institutions includes collateral assigned to the Bank, as evidenced by a written security agreement, and held by the member institution for the benefit of the Bank. 
 
 For cleared derivatives, the Clearinghouse is the Bank s counterparty. The Clearinghouse notifies the clearing agent of the required initial and variation margin, and the clearing agent notifies the Bank. The Bank utilizes two Clearinghouses for all cleared derivative transactions, CME Clearing and LCH Ltd. At both Clearinghouses, variation margin is characterized as daily settlement payments, and initial margin is considered cash collateral. Because the Bank is required to post initial and variation margin through the clearing agent to the Clearinghouse, it exposes the Bank to institutional credit risk if the clearing agent or the Clearinghouse fails to meet its obligations. The use of cleared derivatives is intended to mitigate credit risk exposure because a central counterparty is substituted for individual counterparties, and collateral/payments is posted daily through a clearing agent for changes in the fair value of cleared derivatives. The Bank has analyzed the enforceability of offsetting rights incorporated in its cleared derivative transactions and determined that the exercise of those offsetting rights by a non-defaulting party under these transactions should be upheld under applicable law upon an event of default, including a bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar proceeding involving the Clearinghouse or the Bank s clearing agent, or both. Based on this analysis, the Bank presents a net derivative receivable or payable for all of its transactions through a particular clearing agent with a particular Clearinghouse. 
 
 The Bank presents derivative instruments and the related cash collateral that is received or pledged, plus the associated accrued interest, on a net basis by clearing agent and/or by counterparty when it has met the netting requirements. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Cleared derivatives Total gross recognized amount Gross amounts of netting adjustments and cash collateral: Uncleared derivatives ) ) ) ) Cleared derivatives ) ) Total gross amounts of netting adjustments and cash collateral: ) ) Net amounts after netting adjustments and cash collateral: Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total net amounts after netting adjustments and cash collateral Non-cash collateral received or pledged not offset- cannot be sold or repledged: 
 Uncleared derivatives Cleared derivatives Total cannot be sold or repledged Net unsecured amounts: 
 Uncleared derivatives 
 Cleared derivatives 
 Total net unsecured amount (1) 
 
 ___ ____________ 
 (1) The Bank s net credit exposure was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to instances where the Bank s pledged collateral to a counterparty exceeded the Bank s net derivative liability position. _________ 
 (1) 
 
 Note 14 

100 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 101 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Available-for-sale securities (1) 
 Held-to-maturity securities Advances Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets (1) 
 Grantor trust assets (included in Other assets) (1) 
 Liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits Consolidated obligations, net: Discount notes Bonds Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities (1) 
 ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Interest-bearing deposits Securities purchased under agreements to resell Federal funds sold Available-for-sale securities (1) 
 Held-to-maturity securities Advances Mortgage loans held for portfolio, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets (1) 
 Grantor trust assets (included in Other assets) (1) 
 Liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits Consolidated obligations, net: Discount notes Bonds 
 Mandatorily redeemable capital stock Accrued interest payable Derivative liabilities (1) 
 ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 (2) Amounts represent the application of the netting requirements that allow the Bank to settle positive and negative positions, and also cash collateral and related accrued interest held or placed with the same clearing agents and/or counterparty. 

Note 15 
 and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, exclusive of the Bank s own outstanding consolidated obligations. None of the other FHLBanks defaulted on their consolidated obligations, the Finance Agency was not required to allocate any obligation among the FHLBanks, and no amount of the joint and several obligation was fixed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, the Bank has not recognized a liability for its joint and several obligation related to the other FHLBanks consolidated obligations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Commitments to fund additional advances Unsettled consolidated obligation bonds, at par (2) 
 
 ____________ 
 (1) Expire Within One Year includes standby letters of credit for a total of and standby letters of credit for a total of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have no stated maturity date and are subject to renewal on an annual basis. 

The Bank issues standby letters of credit on behalf of its members to support certain obligations of the members to third-party beneficiaries. Standby letters of credit may be offered to assist members and non-member housing associates in facilitating residential housing finance, community lending, and asset-liability management, and to provide liquidity. In particular, members often use standby letters of credit as collateral for deposits from federal and state government agencies. Standby letters of credit are executed for members for a fee. If the Bank is required to make a payment for a beneficiary's draw, the member either reimburses the Bank for the amount drawn or, subject to the Bank's discretion, the amount drawn may be converted into a collateralized advance to the member and will require a corresponding activity-based capital stock purchase. However, standby letters of credit usually expire without being drawn upon. 
 
 The carrying value of the guarantees related to standby letters of credit is recorded in Other liabilities on the Statements of Condition and amounted to and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Bank s operating expenses include net rental costs of for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Lease agreements for Bank premises generally provide for increases in the basic rentals resulting from increases in property taxes and maintenance expenses. Such increases are not expected to have a material effect on the Bank s results of operations. 
 The Bank is subject to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. After consultation with legal counsel, management does not anticipate, as of the date of the financial statements, that the ultimate liability, if any, arising out of these matters will have a material effect on the Bank s financial condition or results of operations. 

Note 16 
 percent of the voting interests of the Bank. Due to limits on member voting rights under the FHLBank Act and Finance Agency regulations, no member owned more than percent of the total voting interests. Therefore, the Bank had no such related party transactions required to be disclosed for the periods presented. 
 
 percent of the Bank s total regulatory capital stock. The following tables present 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF ATLANTA 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 

 percent of total regulatory capital stock outstanding. 
 As of December 31, 2022 Regulatory Capital Stock Outstanding Percent of Total Regulatory Capital Stock Outstanding Par Value of Advances Percent of Total Par Value of Advances Interest-bearing Deposits Percent of Total Interest-bearing Deposits Truist Bank 
 As of December 31, 2021 Regulatory Capital Stock Outstanding Percent of Total Regulatory Capital Stock Outstanding Par Value of Advances Percent of Total Par Value of Advances Interest-bearing Deposits Percent of Total Interest-bearing Deposits Bank of America, National Association TIAA, FSB 

Note 17 
 
 outstanding loans to or borrowings from the other FHLBanks as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest income on loans to and interest expense on borrowings from the other FHLBanks were not material during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. ) ) Principal collected on loans to other FHLBanks Net change in loans to other FHLBanks Financing activities: Proceeds from short-term borrowings from other FHLBanks Payments of short-term borrowings from other FHLBanks ) ) Net change in borrowings from other FHLBanks 
 
 Mortgage Loan Purchases of Participation Interests from Other FHLBanks . In December 2016, the Bank agreed to purchase a percent participating interest in a master commitment of certain newly acquired mortgage loans from the FHLBank Indianapolis. The Bank s outstanding balance related to these mortgage loans was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 18 
 
 percent. The Bank paid the fourth quarter 2022 dividend on February 2, 2023 in the amount of . 

105 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Bank s President and Chief Executive Officer and the Bank s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Certifying Officers) are responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its Certifying Officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s management, with the participation of the Certifying Officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Certifying Officers have concluded that the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Bank in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (1) is accumulated and communicated to the Bank s management, including the Certifying Officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; and (2) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. 
 
 In designing and evaluating the Bank s disclosure controls and procedures, the Bank s Certifying Officers recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Bank s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Bank, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Bank s management assessed the effectiveness of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Bank s management utilized the criteria set forth by COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based upon that evaluation, management has concluded that the Bank s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The effectiveness of the Bank s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears within. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes in the Bank s internal control over financial reporting that have affected materially, or are reasonably likely to affect materially, the Bank s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable 

106 

Table of Content 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Directors 
 
 The FHLBank Act provides that an FHLBank s board of directors is to comprise 13 directors, or such other number as the Director of the Finance Agency determines appropriate. For 2023, the Director has designated 14 directorships for the Bank, eight of which are member directorships and six of which are independent directorships. In 2022, the Bank s board of directors was comprised of eight member directors and six independent directors. 
 
 All individuals serving as Bank directors must be U.S. citizens. At least a majority of the directors must be member directors and not less than two-fifths must be independent directors. Under the FHLBank Act, as amended by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act, and Finance Agency regulations, the term of office of each director is four years, subject to certain adjustments to achieve a staggered board. Any director that has been elected to three consecutive full terms is not eligible for election to directorship for any term that begins within two years of the expiration of the third term. 
 
 The board of directors does not solicit proxies, nor are member institutions permitted to solicit or use proxies in order to cast their votes in an election. The Bank prepares and delivers a ballot to each member that was a member as of the record date. 
 
 Member Directors 
 
 Candidates for member directorships in a particular state are nominated by members in that state. FHLBank Boards are not permitted to nominate or elect member directors, except for vacant member directorships. Finance Agency regulations require that: 
 
 a member directorship be held only by an officer or director of a member institution located within the Bank s district; 
 
 the member institution meet all minimum capital requirements established by its regulator(s); and 
 
 the member institution be a member as of the record date established for the election of the member director. 
 
 The Bank is not permitted to establish additional eligibility criteria or qualifications for member directorships. With respect to member directors, under Finance Agency regulations, no director, officer, employee, attorney, or agent of the Bank (except in his/her personal capacity) may, directly or indirectly, support the nomination or election of a particular individual for a member directorship. 
 
 For each member director position to be filled, an eligible member in that state may cast one vote for each share of capital stock it was required to hold as of the record date, except that an eligible member s votes for each member director position to be filled may not exceed the average number of shares of capital stock required to be held by all of the members in that state as of the record date. 
 
 The regulations permit, but do not require, the board of directors to conduct an annual assessment of the skills and experience possessed by the members of its board of directors as a whole and to determine whether the capabilities of the board would be enhanced through the addition of individuals with particular skills and experience. The Bank may identify those qualifications and so inform the members as part of its election notification process, but the Bank may not exclude a member director candidate from the election ballot on the basis of such qualifications. In 2022, the board of directors conducted an assessment of its directors, but did not identify any particular qualifications as part of its 2022 election notification process. 
 
 107 

Table of Content 

Independent Directors 
 
 Candidates for independent directorships are nominated by the Bank s board of directors. Finance Agency regulations require that an independent directorship be held only by an individual: 
 
 who is a bona fide resident of the Bank s district; 
 
 who is not a director, officer, or employee of a member institution or of any recipient of advances from the Bank; and 
 
 who is not an officer of any FHLBank. 
 
 At least two of the independent directors must be public interest directors. Finance Agency regulations define a public interest independent director as someone having more than four years of experience representing consumer or community interests in banking services, credit needs, housing or consumer financial protection. The other independent directors must have experience in, or knowledge of, one or more of the following areas: auditing and accounting, derivatives, financial management, organizational management, project development, risk management practices, and the law. 
 
 Any individual may submit an application form and request to be considered by the Bank to be an independent director candidate. Before nominating any individual for an independent directorship, other than for a public interest directorship, the Board must determine that the candidate s knowledge or experience is commensurate with that needed to oversee a financial institution with a size and complexity that is comparable to the Bank s. Finance Agency regulations require the board to consult with the Bank s Affordable Housing Advisory Council with respect to the independent directorship candidates. Further, the Bank must submit information about independent directorship candidates to the Finance Agency for its review prior to their nomination. After the independent director candidates are nominated by the board, the candidates are then presented to the Bank s membership for a district-wide vote. Finance Agency regulations permit the Bank s directors, officers, attorneys, employees, agents, and Advisory Council members to support the candidacy of the board s candidates for independent directorships. 
 
 For independent directorships, candidates are elected on a district-wide basis, and the candidate(s) receiving the most votes is declared the winner. Candidates running unopposed must receive at least 20 percent of the number of votes eligible to be cast. If an unopposed candidate receives less than 20 percent of eligible votes, a new election must be conducted. 
 
 Board Vacancies 
 
 When the board has a vacancy, Finance Agency regulations require the board to elect a director to fill the vacancy by a majority vote of the remaining directors. 
 
 The Bank has determined that all directors meet the regulatory eligibility requirements for directors. Because of the laws and regulations governing member directorship elections that are described above, the Bank is not in a position to know what specific factors the Bank s member institutions may consider in selecting member director candidates or electing member directors. For the Bank s independent directors, the board considered the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills described in the biographical paragraphs provided below in determining to nominate that person as a director for the Bank. In addition, the board has at times considered the importance of maintaining a continuity of relevant knowledge, leadership and experience on the board and the diversity the candidate would bring to the board when making nominations. 
 
 108 

Table of Content 

The following table presents information regarding each of the Bank s directors, and all persons nominated or chosen to become directors, as of the date of this Report. Except as otherwise indicated, each director has been engaged in the principal occupation described below for at least five years. No director has any family relationship with any other director or executive officer of the Bank. 
 Name Age Director Since Expiration of Current Term as Director Board Committees Eduardo J. Arriola (1) 
 50 2022 12/31/2026 (5)(8)(10)(11) Suzanne S. DeFerie (1) 
 66 2015 12/31/2024 (12) R. Thornwell Dunlap, III (1) 
 65 2016 12/31/2023 (13) William C. Handorf (2) 
 78 2007 12/31/2023 (5)(7)(8)(9) Scott C. Harvard (1)(4) 
 68 2017 12/31/2024 (6)(7)(8)(10) Kim C. Liddell (1) 
 62 2015 12/31/2026 (6)(8)(9)(11) William L. Lusk, Jr. (1) 
 54 2022 12/31/2025 (5)(7)(8)(9) Kathleen C. McKinney (2) 
 68 2023 12/31/2026 (5)(8)(9)(11) Brian P. McLaughlin (2)(3) 
 49 2022 12/31/2025 (6)(8)(10)(11) Edwina L. Payne (2) 
 59 2021 12/31/2024 (5)(7)(8)(10) John B. Rucker (2) 
 71 2017 12/31/2023 (6)(8)(10)(11) Kim D. Saunders (2)(3) 
 62 2021 12/31/2024 (5)(8)(9)(11) James M. Stubbs (1) 
 60 2022 12/31/2025 (6)(7)(8)(9) Richard A. Whaley (1) 
 63 2013 12/31/2026 (6)(7)(8)(10) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Member Director 
 (2) Independent Director 
 (3) Public Interest Director 
 (4) Mr. Harvard previously served as a director from 2003-2012. 
 (5) Member of Audit Committee 
 (6) Member of Credit and Member Services Committee 
 (7) Member of Enterprise Risk and Operations Committee 
 (8) Member of Executive Committee 
 (9) Member of Finance Committee 
 (10) Member of Governance and Compensation Committee 
 (11) Member of Housing and Community Investment Committee 
 (12) Vice chair of Executive Committee and ex officio member of all board committees 
 (13) Chair of Executive Committee and ex officio member of all board committees 

Chair of the board, R. Thornwell Dunlap, III has served as president and chief executive officer of Countrybank since 1995 and chair of its holding company, TCB Corporation (TCB), since 2001. In his capacity as chair of TCB, Mr. Dunlap is a director of Greenwood Capital Associates, LLC, a registered investment advisory firm, owned by TCB. He is past chair of the South Carolina Banks Association and is a past chair of the Independent Banks of South Carolina. Mr. Dunlap is the past chair of Greenwood Partnership Alliance and served on the Piedmont Technical College Foundation Board of Directors. He has served on the Ten at the Top Board of Directors since 2009 and is a founding director. Mr. Dunlap is a member and past chair of the Greenwood Rotary Club. He currently serves as chair of the Executive Committee and ex officio member of the other committees of the Bank s board. 
 
 Vice chair of the board, Suzanne S. DeFerie has served as a member of the board of directors of First Bank, a subsidiary of First Bancorp in Southern Pines, North Carolina (NASDAQ: FBNC) since October 1, 2017. She served as president and chief executive officer of Asheville Savings Bank, S.S.B. in Asheville, North Carolina, from 2008 and its holding company, ASB Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ: ASBB), from 2011 until October 1, 2017, when the bank and holding company were acquired by First Bancorp. Ms. DeFerie also serves a member of the board of directors for First Bancorp. Prior to becoming president and chief executive officer of Asheville Savings Bank and ASB Bancorp, Inc., Ms. DeFerie was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Asheville Savings Bank for 16 years. She currently serves as vice chair of the Executive Committee and ex officio member of the other committees of the Bank s board. 

109 

Table of Content 

Eduardo J. Eddy Arriola has served as Executive Vice President and Market Executive of SeacoastBank since October 2022 when it acquired Apollo Bank. He was the founder, the chair of the board, and chief executive officer of Apollo Bank, a community bank in Miami focused on serving entrepreneurs, small businesses, family owned businesses, and professionals. Mr. Arriola acted as chair of the board and chief executive officer, until its acquisition by Seacoast Bank. He served two terms a board member of the Miami Branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta from 2017 to 2022 and is a past board member of the Florida Bankers Association and BankServ. Mr. Arriola served as an investor and member of the board of directors of Total Bank from 2002 to 2007, and prior to founding Apollo Bank in 2010, he was involved in several entrepreneurial businesses in the technology and business service industries. He is the co-founder of Inktel, a 3,000 employee call center firm based in Miami, served as director of creative services for Avanti Case-Hoyt, a national graphic arts and printing firm, and served as a board member for gMed, a leading firm in the medical office automation space. Mr. Arriola has been a leader in matters involving international policy and commerce. He serves as the chair of the board of the Inter-American Foundation (IAF), an independent U.S. government agency created to support grassroots development in Latin America and the Caribbean. He was appointed to the IAF board by the president and confirmed by the U.S. Senate in 2012 and has continued in the role since then. Mr. Arriola has supported many local community programs and served on the board of several organizations. He received his bachelor of arts in history from Boston College and is a graduate of the Owner/President Management Program of Harvard Business School. He is also a nearly 20-year member of the Young President s Organization. Mr. Arriola currently serves as vice chair of the Governance and Compensation Committee. 
 
 William C. Handorf, Ph.D. has served as a professor of finance, banking and real estate at The George Washington University s School of Business in Washington, D.C. since 1975. From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Handorf served as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond s Baltimore branch, including two years as chair. From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Handorf served as a private citizen director of the FHLBanks Office of Finance. He is a disabled veteran having been wounded while serving as a First Lieutenant with the U.S. Army in Vietnam. His experience in derivatives/hedging, affordable housing, large commercial banks, and information technology supported his nomination as an independent director. Mr. Handorf currently serves as chair of the Audit Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 Scott C. Harvard has served as president, chief executive officer and director of First National Corporation (NASDAQ: FXNC) since 2011. He served as president, chief executive officer and director of First Bank from 2011 to 2015 and has served as chief executive officer and director of First Bank since 2015. He previously served as a director of the Bank from 2003 to 2012, serving as chair from 2007-2012. He also served on the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks. He is a director of Community Bankers Bank Financial Corp. and its subsidiary, Community Bankers Bank in Richmond, Virginia. Mr. Harvard served as president, chief executive officer and as a director of Shore Bank from 1985 to 2008 and as president, chief executive officer and director of its parent, Shore Financial Corporation, from 1997 to 2008. He served as executive vice president and director of Hampton Roads Bankshares from 2008 to 2009 and as a vice president of Virginia Savings Bank from 2009 to 2011. He previously served on the board of the Virginia Association of Community Banks from 2012 to 2014 and as a member of the executive committee of the Virginia Bankers Association, serving as its chair in 2018-19, and currently serves as a member of the board. He also serves as board chair of the Virginia Bankers Association Education Foundation. Mr. Harvard has served on numerous nonprofit boards over his career, including most recently the United Way of Northern Shenandoah Valley, Shenandoah Valley Westminster Canterbury and the Shenandoah Valley Westminster Canterbury Foundation, the Top of Virginia Chamber of Commerce, and Shrine Mont. Mr. Harvard currently serves as chair of the Enterprise Risk and Operations Committee of the Bank s board. 
 Kim C. Liddell has served as a director of BayVanguard Bank since October 31, 2020. He previously served as president and chief executive officer of 1880 Bank, formerly known as the National Bank of Cambridge, in Cambridge, Maryland, from 2010, and as chair of the board since April 2011, until its acquisition BayVanguard Bank in October, 2020. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Liddell served as chief operating officer and executive vice president of Cardinal Financial Corporation (CFNL) and Cardinal Bank. Mr. Liddell was a director of Delmarva Bancshares, Inc. from 2010 to 2020, until its sale to BVFL. Mr. Liddell has been a director of BVFL since 2020. Mr. Liddell also served as a board member of the Maryland Bankers Association from 2012 to 2020, Virginia Bankers Association s Member Services, Inc. from 2006 to 2009, Junior Achievement of the National Capital Area, Business in Education Partnership with the Falls Church City Public Schools, Arlington County Chamber of Commerce, Celebrate Fairfax, Dorchester County Chamber of Commerce, Leadership Fairfax and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond s Community Depository Institutions Advisory Council. Mr. Liddell currently serves on the board of Dorchester General Hospital Foundation . Mr. Liddell currently serves as chair of the Finance Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 William L. Chip Lusk, Jr. has served as chief executive officer of the IDB Global Federal Credit Union since 2016. Prior to leading IDB Global, Mr. Lusk was chief operating officer and chief financial officer for Georgia s Own Credit Union from 2011 to 2015. From 1999 to 2011, he served as chief financial officer, executive vice president, and secretary of the board of First Security Group, Inc. (NASDQ: FSGI) and FSGBank, NA. From 1991 to 1999, he served in various roles, including vice president, controller, and director of strategic planning, for Pioneer Bancshares, Inc., an 
 110 

Table of Content 

SEC registrant, and Pioneer Bank. He is currently a member of the District of Columbia Financial Literacy Council and a member of the Finastra Phoenix Client Advisory Board. Previously, Mr. Lusk served on the DC Credit Union Foundation Board, Habitat for Humanity Board, the YoungLife Committee, the Episcopal Migration Ministries and the Rotary Club. Mr. Lusk currently serves as vice chair of the Audit Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 Kathleen C. McKinney is Senior Counsel, Public Finance, of Haynsworth Sinkler Boyd, P.A. She has been an attorney with Haynsworth Sinkler Boyd since 1995 and was previously associated with the McNair Law firm from 1981 until 1995. She served as an independent director of the FHLBanks Office of Finance Board of Directors from 2010 until 2022. Ms. McKinney assists healthcare and educational institutions in mergers, acquisitions, expansions and affiliations, with a focus on addressing legal strategies for taxable and tax-exempt debt and other financing options. She has also been bond, issuers , disclosure and underwriters counsel in revenue bond issues, resulting in 4 billion of capital investment in South Carolina in the past three years. She serves as bond counsel for many of South Carolina s leading hospitals. Ms. McKinney also serves as bond counsel for colleges and universities, charter schools, foundations and continuing care retirement and life care projects. She has assisted in establishing best practices in corporate governance for public and nonprofit institutions. She is immediate past chair of Spartanburg Methodist College Board of Trustees and immediate past chair of the Woodlands at Furman and serves on the Endowment Committee of the Metropolitan Arts Council in Greenville. Ms. McKinney s extensive legal and regulatory experience on financing transactions as well as her experience on board of directors of the Office of Finance for 12 years supported her nomination as an independent director. Ms. McKinney currently serves as vice chair of the Finance Committee of the Bank s board of directors. 
 
 Brian P. McLaughlin has served as president of Enterprise Community Development, Inc. since 2019. Enterprise Community Development is headquartered in Baltimore, MD and is among the 10 largest nonprofit providers of affordable housing in the United States. In 2014 Mr. McLaughlin co-founded Lantian Development, Inc, a Maryland real estate investment and development firm, where he served as founding CEO and later as chief investment officer until his departure in 2019. Across his 25-year career, Mr. McLaughlin served in various technical and leadership roles in mission driven organizations seeking to expand housing and economic opportunity, including eight years in various roles at Fannie Mae (from 2000-2003 and again later from 2006-2011). From 2003-2006, Mr. McLaughlin was Assistant Secretary of the Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development, where he led its division responsible for neighborhood revitalization programs and investment. He has served on the boards of Neighborhood Housing Services of Baltimore, the Fund for Educational Excellence, the Community Preservation and Development Corporation, and currently serves on the board of Northern Virginia Affordable Housing Alliance since 2022 and the Baltimore Branch Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond since 2022. Mr. McLaughlin s expertise in the area of affordable housing, his breadth of experience and deep understanding of the inequities in the housing market, his regulatory and credit experience, as well as his experience with government sponsored enterprises, supported his nomination as an independent and public interest director. Mr. McLaughlin currently serves as vice chair of the Housing and Community Investment Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 Edwina L. Payne is a retired Chief Information Officer. She most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Varsity Brands retiring in 2021. She served as Senior Vice President, Technology Strategy Enterprise Portfolio, McKesson Corporation, from 2019 to 2020, in which she was responsible for the McKesson technology strategy, enterprise portfolio management, enterprise architecture, asset management and organization effectiveness functions for McKesson IT globally. Ms. Payne has served in numerous executive information technology leadership positions, including service as Chief Information Officer of Avanos Medical from 2017 to 2019 and Chief Information Officer for Zimmer Biomet and Zimmer Inc. from 2010 to 2016. Her experience includes broad global supply chain and life sciences environments, including global IT and supply chain leadership positions at Johnson and Johnson from 2003 to 2010 and Kellogg Company from 1986 to 1998, where her roles included assignments in Brazil and Mexico. Ms. Payne currently serves on the Industrial Advisory Board for Purdue University, School of Computer Technology and the Dean s Council for Purdue University, College of Technology. In addition, she currently serves on the Marian University Technology Advisory Board, and the Inspiredu Board in Atlanta. Ms. Payne was a Georgia CIO of the Year Finalist in 2018. Ms. Payne s experience in audit, risk management, and information technology supported her nomination as an independent director. Ms. Payne currently serves as vice chair of the Enterprise Risk and Operations Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 John B. Rucker has served as managing director of Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated (Stifel), an investment banking firm, since 2015, and manages Stifel s affordable housing business. Mr. Rucker was a founding partner and managing director of Merchant Capital, L.L.C., a public finance investment banking firm, from 1987 to 2015, which was acquired by Stifel in 2015. He is also a registered municipal advisor. He was a member of Fannie Mae s Southeast Regional Housing Advisory Council and Fannie Mae s National Housing Impact Advisory Council in 2004 and 2005. He has also served on the board of directors of the National Housing Rehabilitation Association since 2003. Mr. Rucker served on the Bank s Affordable Housing Advisory Council from 2012 to 2016, serving as its vice chair from 2014 to 2015 and as its chair in 2016. Mr. Rucker also serves on the board of CAHEC since 2022, an affordable housing tax-credit syndicator. Mr. Rucker s experience in derivatives/hedging, affordable housing, large commercial banks, and information technology supported his nomination as an 
 111 

Table of Content 

independent director. Mr. Rucker currently serves as the chair of the Governance and Compensation Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 Kim D. Saunders is the Co-Founder and Co-Managing Director of Legacy Two Advisors (LTA). LTA, founded in 2016, is an investment management firm whose mission is to build generational wealth in communities of color. Previously, she served as President and CEO of the National Bankers Association (NBA) since 2018-2021, including service as a director since 2013-2021. The NBA is the premier trade association for the nation s minority banks. Previously, Ms. Saunders served in executive leadership roles in minority depository institutions and community development financial institutions, which are mission driven organizations that expand economic opportunity for underserved people and communities. These institutions are focused on serving community and consumer interests in banking services, credit needs, and housing, in areas that are usually economically distressed. From 2007-2014, Ms. Saunders served as Director, President and CEO of M F Bancorp, Inc. and Mechanics Farmers Bank. Prior to that, she served as President and CEO, Consolidated Bank Trust Company from 2003-2007, and Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer, City First Bank of D.C. from 1998-2003. Ms. Saunders currently serves on Citibank s NMTC Corporation-Community Development Entity Advisory Board since 2019 and on the National Foundation for Credit Counseling Envisioning Home Ownership Housing Advisory Committee since 2019. From 2004-2006, she served on the Virginia Fair Housing Board and from 2009-2015 she served on the board of the United Way of the Greater Triangle. Ms. Saunders experience with MDIs and CDFIs, which are organizations that are typically focused on community and consumer interests in banking services, credit needs, and housing, in areas that are typically economically distressed, supported her nomination as an independent and public interest director. Ms. Saunders currently serves as the chair of the Housing and Community Investment Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 James M. Jimmy Stubbs has served as chief executive officer and director of River Bank Trust since its formation in 2006, and as a director of its holding company, River Financial Corporation (OTC: RVRF), since 2006. Mr. Stubbs is the past chair of the Alabama Bankers Association from June 2020 to June 2021. He currently serves as a board member for the Business Council of Alabama, the Montgomery Area Committee of 100, the Montgomery Area Committee of the Arts, the Montgomery Area Chamber of Commerce, and the YMCA of Montgomery Endowment Foundation. Mr. Stubbs is a Leadership Alabama Class of 2007 alumnus and a member of the River Region United Way s Tocqueville Society and the Wetumpka Lions Club. He is a lifetime member of the Auburn Alumni Association and the Alabama Cattlemen s Association. He graduated from Auburn University with a BS degree in 1985 and obtained an executive MBA degree from Troy University in 2005. He currently serves as vice chair of the Credit and Member Services Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 Richard A. Whaley has served as president, chief executive officer, and director of Citizens Bank of Americus in Americus, Georgia, since 2001. From 1989 to 2001, he served as market manager and commercial lender for Wachovia Bank. Mr. Whaley served as chair of the Georgia Bankers Association from October 2010 to June 2012. Mr. Whaley also served as chair of the South Georgia Technical College Foundation from 2008 to 2010. He currently serves as chair of the Georgia Bankers Association Insurance Trust, Inc. and is a veteran of the U.S. Army. Mr. Whaley served as Chair of the Council of FHLBanks in 2020. He currently serves as chair of the Credit and Member Services Committee of the Bank s board. 
 
 Code of Conduct 
 
 The board has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to the Bank s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, in each case, who are employees of the Bank. The Code of Conduct is posted on the Who We Are - Investor Relations - Governance section of the Bank s Internet website at http://corp.fhlbatl.com/who-we-are/investor-relations/. Any amendments to, or waivers under, the Bank s Code of Conduct that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the SEC s rules will be disclosed on the Bank s website. 
 
 Director Independence, Compensation Committee, Audit Committee, and Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 General 
 
 The board of directors of the Bank is required to evaluate the independence of the directors as described under the Independent Directors heading above, and under two distinct director independence standards. First, Finance Agency regulations establish independence criteria for directors who serve as members of the Bank s Audit Committee. Second, SEC rules require that the Bank s board of directors apply the independence criteria of a national securities exchange or automated quotation system in assessing the independence of its directors. 
 
 As of the date of this Report, the Bank has 14 directors, eight of whom are member directors and six of whom are independent directors under Finance Agency Regulations. None of the Bank s directors is an inside director. That is, 
 112 

Table of Content 

none of the Bank s directors is a Bank employee or officer. Further, as the Bank s capital stock may only be owned by members, former members, and certain non-members, the Bank s directors cannot personally own stock or stock options in the Bank. However, each of the member directors is an officer or director of an institution that is a member of the Bank and that is encouraged to, and does, engage in transactions with the Bank on a regular basis. 
 
 Finance Agency Regulations Regarding Independence for Audit Committee composition 
 
 The Finance Agency s director independence standards prohibit an individual from serving as a member of the Bank s Audit Committee if he or she has one or more disqualifying relationships with the Bank or its management that would interfere with the exercise of that individual s independent judgment. Disqualifying relationships considered by the board are: employment with the Bank at any time during the last five years; acceptance of compensation from the Bank other than for service as a director; being a consultant, advisor, promoter, underwriter, or legal counsel for the Bank at any time within the last five years; and being an immediate family member of an individual who is or who has been within the past five years, a Bank executive officer. The board assesses the independence of each director under the Finance Agency s independence standards, regardless of whether he or she serves on the Audit Committee. As of March 10, 2023, each of the Bank s directors was independent under these criteria. 
 
 SEC Rules Regarding Independence 
 
 SEC rules require the Bank s board of directors to adopt a standard of independence to evaluate its directors. The board has adopted the independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) to determine which of its directors are independent, including members of its Governance and Compensation Committee and Audit Committee, and whether the Bank s Audit Committee s financial experts are independent. 
 
 After applying the NYSE independence standards, the board determined that, as of March 10, 2023, directors Handorf, McKinney, McLaughlin, Payne, and Rucker are each an independent director. Based upon the fact that each member director is a senior official of an institution that is a member of the Bank (and thus is an equity holder in the Bank), that each such institution may routinely engage in transactions with the Bank, and that such transactions occur frequently and are encouraged, the board determined that none of the member directors presently meets the independence criteria under the NYSE independence standards. Similarly, because Ms. Saunders is a general partner in a fund that may provide capital investments in Bank MDI members, who are able to transact business with the Bank, the board has determined that she would not meet the independence criteria under the NYSE independence standards after any such investment. 
 
 It is possible that under the NYSE objective criteria for independence (particularly the criterion regarding the amount of business conducted with the Bank by the director s institution), a member director could meet the independence standard on a particular day. However, because the amount of business conducted by a member director s institution may change frequently, and because the Bank generally desires to increase the amount of business it conducts with each member, the directors deemed it inappropriate to draw distinctions among the member directors based upon the amount of business conducted with the Bank by any director s institution at a specific time. Similar reasoning applies to Ms. Saunders. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The board has a Governance and Compensation Committee, composed of directors Dunlap, DeFerie, Rucker, Arriola, Harvard, McLaughlin, Payne and Whaley. As the Bank s Governance and Compensation Committee may only recommend actions to the full board regarding governance practices and compensation and benefits programs, which the full board may approve or disapprove, the board assesses the independence of the full board under the NYSE s standards for compensation committees. The board determined that, as of March 10, 2023, each of directors Handorf, McKinney, McLaughlin, Payne, and Rucker was independent under the NYSE independence standards for compensation committee members, but for the reasons noted above, none of the member directors or Ms. Saunders was independent under such standards. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The board has a standing Audit Committee, composed of directors Dunlap, DeFerie, Handorf, Lusk, Arriola, McKinney, Payne and Saunders. The board determined that, as of March 10, 2023, each of directors Handorf, McKinney and Payne was independent under the NYSE independence standards for audit committee members, but, for the reasons noted above, none of the member directors serving on the Audit Committee or Ms. Saunders was independent under such standards. The board also determined that each of directors DeFerie, Dunlap, Handorf, Lusk, Arriola, McKinney and Saunders is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC rules. 
 113 

Table of Content 

The board also assesses the independence of the Audit Committee members under Section 10A (m)(3) of the Exchange Act. As of March 10, 2023, each of the Bank s directors was independent under these criteria. As stated above, the board determined that each member of the Audit Committee was independent under the Finance Agency s standards applicable to the Bank s Audit Committee. 
 
 Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 
 
 The directors are nominated and elected in accordance with applicable law and Finance Agency regulations. As required by applicable law, the chair and vice chair of the board are elected by a majority of all the directors of the Bank from among the directors of the Bank for two year terms, and since Bank officers may not serve as directors of the Bank, neither the board chair or vice chair position can be filled by the president and chief executive officer of the Bank. 
 
 The board of directors establishes the Bank s risk management culture, including risk tolerances and risk management philosophies, by establishing its risk management system, overseeing its risk management activities, and adopting its risk appetite and RMP. The board reviews the risk appetite report on a quarterly basis and approves any changes as appropriate. The board receives regular updates on the Bank s key risks including an independent risk assessment. The board reviews the RMP at least annually and approves any amendments to it as appropriate. For further discussion of the risk appetite and the RMP, please see Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Risk Management . The board works with management to align the Bank s strategic activities and objectives within the parameters of the risk appetite framework and the RMP. The board utilizes committees as an integral part of overseeing risk management, including an audit committee, a credit and member services committee, an enterprise risk and operations committee, an executive committee, a finance committee, a governance and compensation committee, and a housing and community investment committee, with the following oversight responsibilities: 
 
 Audit Committee oversees the Bank s financial reporting process, system of internal control, audit process, policies and procedures for assessing and monitoring implementation of the strategic plan, and the Bank s process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations. 
 
 Credit and Member Services Committee oversees the Bank s credit and collateral policies and related programs, services, products and documentation, and the Bank s credit and collateral risk management program, strategies, and activities. 
 
 Enterprise Risk and Operations Committee oversees the Bank s enterprise risk management functions, operations, information technology, cybersecurity and other related matters. 
 
 Executive Committee exercises most of the powers of the board in the management and direction of the affairs of the Bank during the intervals between board meetings. 
 
 Finance Committee oversees matters affecting the Bank s financial performance, capital management and other related matters, including the Bank s market and liquidity risk management program, strategies, and activities. 
 
 Governance and Compensation Committee oversees the Bank s governance practices, compensation and benefits programs, and other related matters. 
 
 Housing and Community Investment Committee oversees the Bank s housing and community investment policies, programs, and other relevant matters, including any other Bank products, services, and programs that may provide grants, subsidies, or other forms of assistance to support affordable housing and community economic development for low- and moderate-income individuals and communities. 
 
 The Bank s internal management is overseen by the president and chief executive officer and delegated to other senior managers and internal management committees. The Bank has determined that this leadership structure is the most effective means of actively engaging the board of directors in risk management oversight while utilizing Bank management to implement and maintain sound risk management practices. 
 
 114 

Table of Content 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 The board has a Governance and Compensation Committee that recommends actions to the full board regarding governance practices and compensation and benefits programs, which the full board of directors may approve or disapprove. None of the directors serving on the board in 2022 has at any time been an officer or employee with the Bank. None of the Bank s executive officers served during 2022 or is serving on the board of directors or the compensation committee of any entity whose executive officers served on the Bank s board of directors. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 The following table presents the names, ages, and titles of the executive officers of the Bank and all persons chosen to become executive officers as of the date of this Report. No executive officer has any family relationship with any other executive officer or director of the Bank. 
 Executive Officer Age Title Kirk R. Malmberg 62 President and Chief Executive Officer Haig H. Kazazian, III 57 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alp E. Can 47 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer K. Annette Hunter 58 Executive Vice President and Director of Business Operations Reginald T. O Shields 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Jefrino Afonso 59 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Joel C. Badger 56 Senior Vice President and Chief Audit Officer Scott M. Brennan 46 Senior Vice President and Director of Sales Sharon B. Cook 44 Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer Arthur L. Fleming 64 Senior Vice President and Director of Community Investment Services Dawn Gehring 50 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Leslie H. Schreiner 59 Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer William T. Shaw 51 Senior Vice President and Controller 
 
 Kirk R. Malmberg has served as p resident and chief executive officer since May 28, 2021. He previously served as executive vice president and chief operating officer from November 2019 through November 2020, overseeing the Bank s member sales and outreach, community investment services, accounting, financial reporting, financial operations management, investment and derivatives operations, treasury and information technology. He served as executive vice president and chief financial officer from April 2011 through October 2019. From 2007 through March 2011, he served as executive vice president and chief credit officer, overseeing collateral services, credit services, community investment services and mortgage program operations. Prior to that, Mr. Malmberg served as senior vice president responsible for the Bank s mortgage programs. He joined the Bank in 2001 as senior vice president, asset-liability management, after having served for five years as senior vice president, treasury, at FHLBank Chicago. Mr. Malmberg earned an M.B.A. from Rice University and a B.A. from Trinity University. 
 
 Haig H. Kazazian, III has served as chief financial officer since 2019 and promoted to executive vice president effective January 1, 2022, having previously served as senior vice president and treasurer since 2013. Mr. Kazazian joined the Bank as a credit analyst in 1992 and earned promotions to manager of national accounts and product Development in 2001, First Vice President in 2005, manager of national accounts and capital markets trading in 2009, and manager of treasury analysis and national accounts sales and trading in 2011, and senior vice president in 2014. Mr. Kazazian oversees the Bank s business operations, accounting services, member sales, trading and education, and treasury function. He is a chartered financial analyst and earned an M.B.A. and a B.A. in economics, each from Emory University. Mr. Kazazian was an M.B.A. Fellowship Recipient. 
 
 Alp E. Can has served as chief risk officer since 2017, directing the Bank's enterprise risk management function. Since 2019, Mr. Can also oversees the Bank s credit and collateral services and collateral risk management operations. Mr. Can has served as executive vice president effective January 1, 2020, having served as senior vice president since 2018. He is responsible for overseeing enterprise-wide risk assessment and reporting functions, credit risk, financial risk modeling, as well as model validation efforts for the Bank. Mr. Can joined the Bank in 2005 as an asset liability analyst in the financial risk management and modeling department. He was promoted to first vice president and manager of financial risk modeling in 2013 and to director of enterprise risk management in 2014. Mr. Can earned a bachelor s degree in economics from the University of Istanbul, and an M.S. in mathematical risk management and M.B.A.- Finance, each from Georgia State University. 
 
 115 

Table of Content 

K. Annette Hunter was promoted to executive vice president, effective on January 1, 2023. Prior to her promotion, she had served as senior vice president, director of business operations since November 1, 2019, and also served as senior vice president, director of accounting operations since 2006. Ms. Hunter was promoted in that role from first vice president to senior vice president in 2015. In that role, Ms. Hunter is responsible for the daily accounting operations of the derivatives, investments, consolidated obligations, advances, stock and purchased mortgage portfolios, as well as managing the operations of wires, safekeeping and shareholder support. Ms. Hunter joined the Bank in 2002 as manager of derivative and investment operations. Prior to joining the Bank, she served in various managerial accounting roles at Mirant Corporation, Louis Dreyfus Energy Corporation and Continental Hydraulic Hose. Ms. Hunter earned a B.S. in business administration from The Ohio State University and an M.B.A. from Kennesaw State University. She is a certified public accountant. 
 
 Reginald T. O Shields has served as chief legal and compliance officer since February 14, 2022, director of enterprise solutions in 2019 and executive vice president effective January 1, 2020, having previously served as senior vice president and general counsel since 2011 and chief compliance and ethics officer since 2018. Mr. O Shields manages the delivery of legal services by the Bank s legal department covering a wide variety of corporate, securities, finance, compliance and regulatory matters. In addition, he is responsible for overseeing all Bank programs related to strategic planning, corporate communications, marketing, government and industry relations, and community investment services. Mr. O Shields joined the Bank in 2003 as a senior attorney and earned promotions to assistant general counsel in 2005, associate general counsel in 2006 and deputy general counsel in 2007. He was named senior vice president, deputy general counsel and director of legal services in January 1, 2011. Before joining the Bank, Mr. O Shields was in private legal practice with Sutherland Asbill Brennan, LLP in Atlanta, Georgia, Haynsworth Sinkler Boyd in Greenville, South Carolina, and Simpson, Thacher Bartlett in New York, New York. Mr. O Shields earned a J.D. from Vanderbilt University and a B.A. in economics from Furman University. 
 
 Jefrino Afons o joined the Bank as senior vice president, chief information officer on April 25, 2022. In this role, he oversees all aspects of the Bank s information technology, including information security, infrastructure, operations, support center, telephony, software development, and enterprise architecture. Prior to joining the Bank, Afonso spent 16 years with Elavon, a division of US Bank, where he was responsible for various technology systems servicing internal and external customers. Previously, in 2005 Afonso worked as an independent mergers and acquisitions consultant for CompuCredit, a financial services provider, and was chief information officer/executive director for Associated Hygienic Products, a paper product manufacturing company, from 2001 to 2004. Afonso earned a B.S. in mathematics from St. Xavier s College in Mumbai, India, and a B.S. in computer science from Loyola University in New Orleans. 
 
 Joel C. Badger has served as chief audit officer since November 29 , 2019, having been promoted from first vice president to senior vice president effective January 1, 2020. He gained audit responsibility for information technology in 2014 and has served as deputy chief audit officer since 2016. In his current role, he is responsible for providing an independent audit of the Bank by evaluating the internal control system and testing for compliance with internal policies and procedures as well as with applicable laws and directives from the Finance Agency. Mr. Badger reports directly to the audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Badger joined the Bank in 2004 as vice president and senior financial risk auditor, was promoted to audit director of capital markets in 2006 and first vice president in 2007. Mr. Badger earned a M.B.A in finance from Georgia State University and a B.S. degree in management with concentrations in accounting and economics from the Georgia Institute of Technology. Mr. Badger is a certified public accountant, certified investments and derivatives auditor, certified internal auditor, certified information systems auditor, certified in risk and information systems control, and a certified risk management auditor. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Badger was with Branch Banking and Trust, Wachovia Bank, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. 
 
 Scott M. Brennan has served as director of sales since 2014, having been promoted from first vice president to senior vice president effective January 1, 2019. He joined the Bank in 2001 in the Bank s member sales and trading department as a relationship manager, serving as senior relationship manager from 2006 to 2013, having been promoted from vice president to first vice president in 2014. Mr. Brennan earned a B.S. from Franklin and Marshall College. 
 
 Sharon B. Cook has served as chief marketing officer since 2015, having been promoted from first vice president to senior vice president effective January 1, 2020. Ms. Cook oversees the Bank s corporate communications, marketing, government and industry relations and corporate strategic planning. Ms. Cook joined the bank in 2008 as a senior marketing communications manager. She was promoted to vice president, director of corporate communications in 2011. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Cook held leadership positions in retail banking for two Atlanta area credit unions, most recently as the vice president of marketing services for CDC Credit Union from 2002 to 2008. Ms. Cook earned an M.B.A. from Brenau University and a B.A. in journalism and mass communications from Georgia State University. 
 
 Arthur L. Fleming has served as senior vice president, director of community investment services, since 2007, directing the Bank s community investment, economic development, and affordable housing products and services. Mr. Fleming has experience in a variety of financial services, legal, housing development, and academic roles. Before joining the Bank, Mr. Fleming was chief lending and investment officer for the Opportunity Finance Network, Inc., a national community development financial institution. He also served as the senior director for the southeast region and director of housing finance 
 116 

Table of Content 

for the Fannie Mae Foundation; senior vice president, managing director of Housing Initiatives at GMAC; founder and executive director of the Community Financing Consortium, Inc; and an attorney/senior associate for the FAU/FIU Joint Center for Environmental and Urban Problems. Mr. Fleming earned his undergraduate degree from Florida State University, his Master s Degree in Urban and Regional Planning and has a J.D. from the University of Florida. 
 
 Dawn Gehring has served as senior vice president, chief human resources officer since 2021, having previously served as director of human resources since 2016. Ms. Gehring is responsible for executing the Bank s human resources strategies to include: talent acquisition, total rewards, employee development, workforce diversity and inclusion, and human resources compliance. Ms. Gehring also leads the Bank s staff services and property management functions, which include facilities operations, tenant leasing, security, print and mail services, and procurement. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Gehring served as vice president of global human resources for a multi-national service provider in the power and energy industry. In this role, she was a member of the Executive Leadership Team, and was compliance officer for the company, responsible for the strategic management of a variety of human resources functions. Ms. Gehring s additional experience includes human resources roles in the manufacturing and consumer products industries. Ms. Gehring earned a B.A from the University of Iowa. 
 
 Leslie H. Schreiner was promoted to senior vice president, chief diversity, equity, and inclusion officer, effective January 1, 2023, having served as first vice president, director of diversity and inclusion, since July 2018. She is responsible for the oversight and implementation of the Bank s diversity, equity and inclusion program. From 2016 to 2018, she served as director of strategic planning and accounting services, responsible for the Bank s strategic planning and budgeting process, business intelligence initiatives, as well as accounts payable, fixed assets and expense reimbursement. Ms. Schreiner joined the Bank in 2007 as director of accounting automation and technical compliance. Prior to joining the Bank, she held various senior accounting roles with Resources Global, Primis and Information America. Leslie earned a B.A. in accounting from University of Georgia and M.B.A in Finance from Georgia State University. She is a certified public accountant, certified diversity professional and a certified diversity, equity and inclusion coach. 
 
 William T. Shaw has served as senior vice president, controller of the Bank since 2014, being promoted from first vice president to senior vice president effective January 1, 2019. Mr. Shaw joined the Bank in 2008 as manager of accounting policy and was subsequently promoted to director of accounting policy and financial reporting. Mr. Shaw oversees the Bank s accounting, financial reporting, accounting policy, budgeting, and derivatives hedge accounting. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Shaw served as assistant controller for First Charter Corporation, Director of SEC reporting for Novelis Inc., manager of inspections with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and was a manager with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. He received his B.S. in accounting and Master s Degree in accountancy from Brigham Young University. He is also a certified public accountant. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Introduction 
 
 This section describes and analyzes the Bank s 2022 compensation program for: 
 
 the chief executive officer; 
 
 the chief financial officer; and 
 
 the three other most highly-compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers on December 31, 2022. 
 
 These executive officers are collectively referred to as the Bank s named executive officers. 
 
 The Bank s named executive officers during 2022 are identified in the following table. 
 Name Title Kirk R. Malmberg President and Chief Executive Officer Haig H. Kazazian III (1) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Alp E. Can Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer K. Annette Hunter (2) 
 Executive Vice President and Director of Business Operations Reginald T. O Shields (3) 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer 
 117 

Table of Content 

_________________ 
 (1) Mr. Kazazian was promoted to Executive Vice President as of January 1, 2022. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President. 
 (2) Ms. Hunter served as Senior Vice President during 2022. She was promoted to Executive Vice President effective as of January 1, 2023. 
 (3) Mr. O Shields title was changed to Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer on February 14, 2022. His previous title was Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Chief Compliance and Ethics Officer. 
 
 Philosophy and Objectives 
 
 The Bank s compensation philosophy and objectives are to attract, motivate, and retain high caliber financial services executives capable of achieving strategic business initiatives, enhancing business performance and increasing shareholder value. The Bank s compensation program is designed to reward this performance and enhanced value and to offer competitive compensation elements that align its executives incentives with the interests of its members. To mitigate unnecessary or excessive risk-taking by executive management, the Bank s incentive compensation plan contains overall Bank performance goals that are dependent on an aggregation of transactions throughout the Bank and that cannot be individually altered by executive management. The incentive compensation plan contains quantitative components that are evaluated by the board of directors. Additionally, the board of directors maintains discretionary authority over all incentive compensation awards, giving the board of directors the flexibility to review Bank performance throughout the year and to adjust incentive compensation accordingly. 
 
 Elements of Compensation 
 
 The Bank compensates its executive officers with a combination of base salary, incentive compensation, and benefits. The Bank is unable to offer equity-related compensation because it is a cooperative, and only member financial institutions may own its capital stock. Accordingly, the Bank offers other compensation elements, such as qualified and non-qualified defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans, to motivate long-term performance and encourage retention. Because the Bank is exempt from federal taxes, the deductibility of compensation is not relevant to compensation plan design. The elements of the Bank s compensation program for executive officers, and the objective of each compensation element, are described below. 
 
 Base salary . Base salary is established on the basis of the ongoing duties associated with managing a particular set of functions at the Bank and provides an amount of fixed compensation. Each executive s base salary is also used as a basis in calculating the executive s annual incentive award opportunity, as described below. 
 
 Incentive compensation . The Bank provides an annual cash award opportunity under its Incentive Compensation Plan (ICP) to executive officers based on the achievement of quantitative goals set and evaluated by the board of directors. To promote consistently high corporate performance on a long-term basis and enhance the retention of key senior executive officers, payment of fifty percent of any ICP granted to a named executive officer is deferred and distributed over a three-year period, together with positive or negative returns (Deferred Incentives). The named executive officers ICP awards and Deferred Incentives are subject to adjustment or forfeiture in certain events as described below under 2022 Weights and Awards- Incentive Compensation Plan Award Adjustment or Forfeiture . 
 
 Benefits . The Bank provides retirement benefits to promote executive retention, and the executive officers are eligible to participate in the same benefit plans that are made available to other employees of the Bank, such as health, group term life and long-term disability coverage. The Bank also provides limited perquisites to executive officers. 
 
 Executive Compensation Process 
 
 Board and committee consideration of executive compensation. The Bank s board of directors establishes the Bank s executive compensation philosophy and objectives and has final approval of any compensation decisions related to the Bank s chief executive officer (CEO), all officers reporting directly to the CEO who are senior vice presidents or higher, and any officer determined to be a named executive officer in the prior year. The governance and compensation committee of the board of directors advises and assists the board and makes recommendations to the board relating to compensation of such officers. 
 
 The CEO reviews and recommends to the board the base salary of the officers who report directly to him and who are senior vice president and higher level officers. The CEO also approves the base salary of all other senior vice president officers (other than the chief audit officer) within an overall budget approved by the board of directors. 
 
 118 

Table of Content 

Use of compensation consultant. The governance and compensation committee of the board of directors selected and engaged Aon plc Aon to provide assistance in evaluating the Bank s executive compensation programs for 2022. Aon reported directly to the committee and the board with respect to executive compensation. 
 
 Consideration of competitive compensation levels. The Bank s executive compensation program is designed to be appropriately competitive with prevailing practices in the broader financial services industry, consistent with the Bank s business and risk profile. As part of each compensation review process for 2022, the board considered base salary, bonus compensation, total cash compensation, long-term compensation and total direct compensation at a peer group consisting of (1) the other FHLBanks (2) commercial banks with assets over 20 billion. In addition to the other FHLBanks, the Bank believes that the other institutions included in this peer group present a breadth and level of complexity of operations that are generally comparable to the Bank. With respect to Mr. Malmberg and Mr. Kazazian, the board also considered an additional peer group of public proxy peers with assets between 10 billion and 20 billion. Generally, it is the Bank s overall intent to provide executive officers with total direct compensation, comprised of base salary and targeted incentive opportunities, at or above the competitive market median for comparable positions, recognizing other comparable financial institutions provide equity awards that the Bank is unable to provide. However, when setting the compensation for the Bank s executives, the board did not target any named executive officer s compensation to a specific quartile of such executive officer s comparable position in the peer groups. 
 
 The Bank is exempt from SEC proxy rules and certain compensation disclosure that is required in proxy statements and accordingly does not provide shareholder advisory say on pay votes regarding executive compensation. 
 
 Finance Agency oversight of executive compensation. Pursuant to the Housing and Economic Recovery Act, the Director prohibits the FHLBanks from providing to any executive officer compensation that is not reasonable and comparable with compensation for employment in other similar businesses involving similar duties and responsibilities. FHLBanks may not transfer, disburse, or pay compensation to any executive officer, or enter into an agreement with such executive officer, without the approval of the Director. Pursuant to this authority and a Finance Agency final rule on executive compensation (12 CFR Part 1230), the FHLBanks are required to report to the Director all compensation actions relating to the president, the chief financial officer, and the three other most highly compensated officers at least 30 days in advance of any board decision with respect to those actions, and at least 60 days prior to entering into any written arrangement that provides incentive awards to any executive officer. At any time before an executive compensation action is taken, the Director may require an FHLBank to withhold any payment, transfer, or disbursement of compensation to an executive officer, or to place such compensation in an escrow account, or prohibit the action. The Housing and Economic Recovery Act also sets rules on permissible golden parachute payments and authorizes the Director to prohibit the Bank from making any such payments to its officers, employees, and directors. The Director has the power to approve, disapprove, or modify the executive compensation of the FHLBanks. 
 
 In addition, Finance Agency Advisory Bulletin 2009-AB-02 established five principles for executive compensation by the FHLBanks and the Office of Finance: 
 
 executive compensation must be reasonable and comparable to that offered to executives in similar positions at other comparable financial institutions; 
 
 executive incentive compensation should be consistent with sound risk management and preservation of the par value of the FHLBank s capital stock; 
 
 a significant percentage of an executive s incentive-based compensation should be tied to longer-term performance and outcome indicators; 
 
 a significant percentage of an executive s incentive-based compensation should be deferred and made contingent upon the FHLBank s financial performance over several years; and 
 
 the FHLBank s board of directors should promote accountability and transparency in the process of setting compensation. 
 
 The Finance Agency requires that the FHLBanks maintain a risk management program to assess and manage potential risks relating to management s performance goals, objectives, and compensation structure. The Finance Agency may prohibit or restrict a significantly undercapitalized FHLBank from taking certain actions relating to the compensation of its executives, including paying any bonus to an executive officer or increasing an executive officer s salary, without the prior written approval of the Director. The Bank was not undercapitalized during 2022. 

119 

Table of Content 

Compensation Decisions for 2022 
 
 Overview 
 
 The board of directors bases its compensation decisions on both objective criteria related to the Bank s performance and subjective criteria related to each executive s performance. Among the various criteria the board considered in evaluating the named executive officers performance were: 
 
 achievement of performance objectives for 2022 as determined by the board; 
 
 fulfillment of the Bank s public policy mission; 
 
 demonstration of leadership and vision for the Bank; 
 
 implementation and maintenance of effective business strategies and operations, legal and regulatory compliance programs, risk management activities, and internal controls commensurate with the Bank s size, scope, and complexity; 
 
 establishment and maintenance of strong relationships between the Bank and its customers, shareholders, employees, 
 regulators, and other stakeholders; and 
 
 the Bank s 2022 financial results. 
 
 As part of the compensation review process for compensation to be paid in 2022, the board engaged Aon in 2021 to provide competitive market compensation ranges for Messrs. Malmberg, Can, O Shields and Kazazian and Ms. Hunter (the Aon Study ). The Aon Study involved an analysis of total compensation for comparable positions at the following 116 institutions, each a commercial bank with assets over 20 billion, as well as the other FHLBanks. 
 
 120 

Table of Content 

ABNAMRO 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond 
 National Australia Bank 
 AIB 
 Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco 
 Natixis Corporate Investment Banking 
 Ally Financial Inc. 
 Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis 
 NatWest 
 Ameris Bank 
 Fifth Third Bank 
 New York Community Bank 
 Arvest Bank 
 First Citizens Bank - NC 
 Nomura Securities 
 Associated Bank 
 First National Bank of Omaha 
 Nord/LB 
 Australia New Zealand Banking Group 
 First Republic Bank 
 Northern Trust Corporation 
 Bank ABC 
 First Tennessee Bank/ First Horizon 
 OCBC Bank 
 Bank of America 
 Freddie Mac 
 OneMain Financial 
 Bank of New York Mellon 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta 
 People's United Financial, Inc. 
 Bank of Nova Scotia 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston 
 PNC Bank 
 Bank of the West 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 
 Rabobank 
 BBVA Compass 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City 
 Regions Financial Corporation 
 BMO Financial Group 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis 
 Royal Bank of Canada 
 BNP Paribas 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
 Sallie Mae 
 BOK Financial Corporation 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond 
 Santander Bank, N.A. 
 Brown Brothers Harriman 
 Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco 
 Siemens Financial Services 
 Capital One 
 Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis 
 Signature Bank - NY 
 Charles Schwab Co. 
 Fifth Third Bank 
 Societe Generale 
 CIBC World Markets 
 First Citizens Bank - NC 
 Standard Chartered Bank 
 CIT Group Inc. 
 First National Bank of Omaha 
 State Street Corporation 
 Citigroup 
 First Republic Bank 
 Sterling National Bank 
 Citizens Financial Group 
 First Tennessee Bank/ First Horizon 
 Sumitomo 
 City National Bank 
 Freddie Mac 
 SVB Financial Group 
 Comerica 
 Frost Bank 
 Synovus Financial Corporation 
 Commerce Bank 
 Hancock Whitney Bank 
 TD Securities 
 Commerzbank 
 HSBC 
 Texas Capital Bank 
 Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
 Huntington Bancshares, Inc. 
 Truist 
 Credit Agricole CIB 
 ING 
 U.S. Bancorp 
 Credit lndustriel et Commercial- N.Y. 
 Intesa Sanpaolo 
 UMB Financial Corporation 
 DNB Bank 
 Investec Bank 
 UniCredit Bank AG 
 East West Bancorp, Inc. 
 Investors Bancorp, Inc. 
 United Overseas Bank Group 
 Fannie Mae 
 JP Morgan Chase 
 Valley National Bancorp 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta 
 KBC Bank 
 Webster Bank 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Boston 
 KeyCorp 
 Wells Fargo Bank 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 
 Lloyds Banking Group 
 Zions Bancorporation 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City 
 M T Bank Corporation 
 Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis 
 Macquarie Bank 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 

The value of retirement plans and other benefits were not specifically considered as part of the Aon study. To account for differences in the size and scope of the comparable positions included in the Aon Study, low quartile data (25th percentile), median data (50th percentile) or high quartile data (75th percentile) was selected for each of those jobs to develop a market composite comparison for each of the positions held by the applicable named executive officers. In the case of the other FHLBanks, executive to executive comparisons were made at the high quartile to account for the Bank s size and scope. In the case of the commercial bank peers, divisional head comparisons were used to identify the jobs with the closest functional responsibilities to the applicable named executive officers, and executive comparisons were made at the median data. For purposes of the Bank s comparative analysis, total direct compensation within +/- 15 percent of the median market composite compensation was considered to be within the competitive market range. 
 
 The Aon Study involved an analysis of total compensation for comparable positions at the 116 institutions listed above and the other FHLBanks. An additional peer group was considered at the following 40 institutions, public proxy peers with assets between 10 billion and 20 billion: 
 
 121 

Table of Content 

Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation 
 Hope Bancorp, Inc. 
 Banner Corporation 
 Independent Bank Corp. 
 Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. 
 Independent Bank Group, Inc. 
 Cadence Bancorporation 
 International Bancshares Corporation 
 Cathay General Bancorp 
 NBT Bancorp Inc. 
 Columbia Banking System, Inc. 
 Northwest Bancshares, Inc. 
 Community Bank System, Inc. 
 OceanFirst Financial Corp. 
 Customers Bancorp, Inc. 
 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. 
 CVB Financial Corp. 
 Provident Financial Services, Inc. 
 Eagle Bancorp, Inc. 
 Renasant Corporation 
 Eastern Bankshares, Inc. 
 Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. 
 First Busey Corporation 
 ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. 
 First Financial Bancorp. 
 TFS Financial Corporation 
 First Financial Bankshares, Inc. 
 TowneBank 
 First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. 
 Trustmark Corporation 
 First Merchants Corporation 
 United Community Banks, Inc. 
 Glacier Bancorp, Inc. 
 Washington Federal, Inc. 
 Heartland Financial USA, Inc. 
 WesBanco, Inc. 
 Home Bancshares, Inc. 
 WSFS Financial Corporation 

Base Salary 
 
 In setting the base salaries of the named executive officers for 2022, the board took into consideration the results of the Aon Study, which showed that each of these executive s base salary and targeted incentive opportunities were at or below the lower bound of the competitive market median for his or her position when compared with commercial Banks and comparable when compared with other Federal Home Loan Banks. After reviewing the Bank s performance and the performance of each of the named executive officers during fiscal year 2021, the board set the named executive officers salaries at the following amounts: 
 
 Name Base Salary Percent Change from 2021 Kirk R. Malmberg 910,000 4.00 Haig H. Kazazian, III 440,000 3.53 Alp E. Can (1) 
 500,000 17.65 K. Annette Hunter 358,938 3.50 Reginald O'Shields 440,000 3.53 
 _________________ 
 (1) Mr. Can s base salary for January 1, 2022 to July 1, 2022 was set at 440,000, which was an increase of 3.53 percent from December, 2021 and then Mr. Can s salary for July 2, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was set at 500,000. Mr. Can s total salary increase of 17.65 percent from 2021 was determined to reflect retention efforts in a competitive labor market environment consistent with Bank s compensation philosophy. 
 
 The board based these decisions, in part, on the following: 
 
 Business results generated during 2021; 
 
 Safe and sound operations during 2021; and 
 
 Comparable compensation provided at similar organizations, as reflected in the Aon Study. 
 122 

Table of Content 

Incentive Compensation 
 
 The following table presents the 2022 award opportunities, as established by the board under the ICP, expressed as a percentage of base pay earnings during the year. 
 
 2022 Award Opportunities 
 Percent of Base Salary ) Title Threshold Target Maximum President and Chief Executive Officer 50.00 75.00 100.00 Executive Vice Presidents 35.00 60.00 85.00 Senior Vice Presidents 30.00 50.00 70.00 
 
 For 2022, the board established four incentive goals under the ICP, which correlated to the shareholder focus, risk management performance and diversity, equity and inclusion priorities reflected in the Bank s strategic plan. Each of these goals is described in more detail below. Awards for executive vice presidents and senior vice presidents also included individual and team goals. The board of directors established threshold, target, and maximum performance levels for each quantitative incentive goal. Each goal s target performance level is consistent with the assumptions set forth in the Bank s annual operating budget, forecasts, and strategic plan. The threshold and maximum performance levels are designed to reward partial attainment of the goal and performance beyond the forecasted levels, respectively. Factors considered in setting the various performance levels include management s projections concerning economic conditions, interest rates, demand for advances products, and balance sheet structure. 
 
 123 

Table of Content 

The following tables provide the weights and awards for each performance target as a percentage of base salary that the board established for 2022. A description of each of the performance metrics, and the performance against such metrics in 2022, is provided following the tables. 
 
 2022 Weights and Awards 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Mr. Malmberg) Percent of Base Salary Goal Weight ) Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Shareholder Focus - Shareholder Activity 30.00 15.00 22.50 30.00 Risk Management - Risk Appetite 30.00 15.00 22.50 30.00 Shareholder Focus - ROE Spread to Average SOFR 30.00 15.00 22.50 30.00 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 10.00 5.00 7.50 10.00 Total 100.00 50.00 75.00 100.00 Executive Vice President (Mr. Kazazian and Mr. O Shields) Percent of Base Salary Goal Weight ) Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Shareholder Focus - Shareholder Activity 25.00 8.75 15.00 21.25 Risk Management - Risk Appetite 25.00 8.75 15.00 21.25 Shareholder Focus - ROE Spread to Average SOFR 25.00 8.75 15.00 21.25 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 10.00 3.50 6.00 12.75 Individual and Team Goals 15.00 5.25 9.00 8.50 Total 100.00 35.00 60.00 85.00 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer (Mr. Can) Percent of Base Salary Goal Weight ) Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Risk Management - Risk Appetite 40.00 14.00 24.00 34.00 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 10.00 3.50 6.00 8.50 Individual and Team Goals 50.00 17.50 30.00 42.50 Total 100.00 35.00 60.00 85.00 Senior Vice President (Ms. Hunter) Percent of Base Salary Goal Weight ) Threshold ) Target ) Maximum ) Shareholder Focus - Shareholder Activity 25.00 7.50 12.50 17.50 Risk Management - Risk Appetite 25.00 7.50 12.50 17.50 Shareholder Focus - ROE Spread to Average SOFR 25.00 7.50 12.50 17.50 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 10.00 3.00 5.00 7.00 Individual and Team Goals 15.00 4.50 7.50 10.50 Total 100.00 30.00 50.00 70.00 

The Shareholder Focus - Shareholder Activity goal measured the average utilization of the Bank s products and services by shareholders during 2022. Performance under this measure was determined by calculating the total product utilization by shareholders as of December 31, 2022, referred to as activity points, over the daily average number of shareholders for each business day of 2022. The performance goals were 2.00 (threshold), 2.20 (target) and 2.40 (maximum) activity points per shareholder. This goal was substantially the same for each named executive officer, with the exception of Mr. Can (who did not have this performance metric), and performance was determined on an overall Bank-wide basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank achieved a shareholder activity performance score of 2.437 activity points per shareholder. Based on 2022 performance, the board awarded the maximum level for this goal. 
 
 124 

Table of Content 

The Risk Management - Risk Appetite goal involved managing the Bank s key risks at appropriate tolerance levels. Under this measure, the board and management defined the Bank s key risks and the tolerance levels with respect to those risks. The Bank then scored each key risk based upon whether the Bank was satisfying the defined tolerance level. If the Bank was performing at or better than the defined tolerance level for all key risks, a risk appetite performance score of 100 was achieved. A deduction was applied to the risk appetite performance score for each key risk performing below the defined tolerance level. The amount that was deducted depended upon the extent of the underperformance. The performance goals were 85.0 percent risk appetite performance score (threshold), 95.0 percent risk appetite performance score (target), and 100 percent risk appetite performance score (maximum). This goal was substantially the same for each named executive officer, with the exception of Mr. Can (whose overall weighting for this goal was higher, consistent with his role as Chief Risk Officer), and performance was determined on an overall Bank-wide basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank achieved a risk appetite performance score of 95.93 percent. Based upon that score, the board awarded between the target and maximum level for this goal. 
 
 The Shareholder Focus - ROE Spread to Average SOFR performance goal related to the Bank s ROE amount in excess average SOFR. This performance measure reflects the Bank s ability to pay quarterly dividends to its members and was established with a sliding scale so that the spread performance metrics become smaller as SOFR increases. The board of directors could reduce the award for this measure or increase the required ROE spread to average SOFR under certain economic scenarios but those have not occurred during 2022. For 2022, the performance goals were 45 basis points (threshold), 90 basis points (target), and 115 basis points (maximum). This goal was substantially the same for each named executive officer, with the exception of Mr. Can (who did not have this performance metric), and performance was determined on an overall Bank-wide basis. In 2022, the Bank s ROE spread to average SOFR was 161 basis points. Based upon that calculation, the board awarded the maximum level for this goal. 
 
 The Diversity, Equity and Inclusion performance goal aligned with the Bank s commitment to its diversity, equity and inclusion program and measured the Bank s ability to operate in accordance with its board approved diversity, equity and inclusion strategy. This performance goal utilized the seven quantitative goals contained in the Bank s 2022 diversity, equity and inclusion operational plan. These seven goals are in the areas of workforce, supplier, capital markets and partnership. Under this measure, the performance goals required achievement of three (threshold), four (target), or six (maximum) of the seven quantitative goals. In 2022, five of these goals were achieved. Based on that achievement, the board awarded between the target and maximum level for this goal. 
 
 In 2022, the board of directors did not establish individual performance goals for Mr. Malmberg. Individual goals for Mr. Kazazian focused on leadership initiatives, Mr. O Shields focused on Environmental, Social and Governance initiatives, Mr. Can focused on process improvement and risk management, and Ms. Hunter focused on leadership initiatives. Based upon performance in 2022, Mr. Kazazian, Mr. Can, Ms. Hunter, and Mr. O Shields were awarded maximum level for these goals. 
 
 125 

Table of Content 

The following table presents the final award level associated with each performance goal and total award amounts for each named executive officer. 
 2022 Incentive Compensation Plan Awards 
 Name Shareholder Activity ) Risk Appetite ) ROE Spread to average SOFR ) 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ) Individual/Team Goals ) Total Award ) of Base Salary Overall Award Level Total Calculated Award Deferred Incentive Kirk R. Malmberg 30.00 23.90 30.00 8.75 N/A 92.65 Target-Max 843,136 421,568 Haig H. Kazazian, III 21.25 16.17 21.25 7.25 12.75 78.67 Target-Max 346,143 173,071 Alp E. Can N/A 25.87 N/A 7.25 42.50 75.62 Target-Max 355,418 177,709 K. Annette Hunter 17.50 13.43 17.50 6.00 10.50 64.93 Target-Max 233,076 116,538 Reginald T. O'Shields 21.25 16.17 21.25 7.25 12.75 78.67 Target-Max 346,143 173,071 
 
 The amount of incentive compensation earned by each of the named executive officers under the ICP, as shown in the Total Calculated Award column in the preceding table is included in the Non-Equity Incentive Compensation Plan column in the Summary Compensation Table below, along with interest earned in 2022 on Deferred Incentives. For the Bank s current named executive officers, the Deferred Incentive portion will be paid, together with positive or negative returns (equal to the Bank s return on equity for the applicable year) over three years (2024-2026) on the following schedule, subject to certain adjustment and forfeiture provisions discussed below: 
 
 Deferred Incentive Payout Schedule 
 Payment Year Payment 2024 1/3 of balance 1-year return) 2025 1/2 of balance 2-year return) 2026 Remaining balance 3-year return) 
 
 Incentive Compensation Plan Award Adjustment or Forfeiture. The named executive officers ICP awards and Deferred Incentive are subject to adjustment or forfeiture in certain events. Under the terms of the ICP, the board of directors has reserved the right to amend, modify or terminate the ICP, in whole or in part, and to increase, decrease, terminate without penalty or payment, or otherwise modify any ICP award, at any time for any reason or no reason. 
 
 The board of directors has the authority to (i) equitably adjust ICP performance measures for a particular year under the ICP to preserve the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available to the participants for any merger, consolidation, rights offering, separation, reorganization or liquidation or any other change in the capital structure of the Bank and (ii) adjust Earned Awards (as defined in the ICP) for both current and prior years if the board determines in good faith that the amounts of any Earned Awards were based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric criteria as defined in the ICP. The board may, in its sole discretion, decline to adjust the terms of any outstanding Award, as defined, if it determines that such adjustment would violate applicable law or result in adverse tax consequences to the participant or to the Bank. 
 
 If as of the time any payment of the Deferred Incentive otherwise would be due, the board of directors has made a good faith determination that the Bank has not achieved certain objective financial performance threshold measures such as retained earnings (net of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)), market value of equity/par value of capital stock, regulatory capital to assets ratio, and positive annual net income, as determined at the board s discretion, the board may in its sole discretion elect to reduce or eliminate such payment of the Deferred Incentive. 
 
 No adjustments to ICP performance measures or Earned Awards were made for ICP awards, nor reductions or eliminations of payments of a Deferred Incentive were made to named executive officers in 2022. 
 
 126 

Table of Content 

If a named executive officer s employment with the Bank terminates for any reason prior to payment of any earned incentive compensation, all remaining payments will be forfeited, subject to certain limited exceptions if the named executive officer dies, becomes disabled, or retires, with a combination of age and years of service to the Bank totaling at least 70. 
 
 Other Performance Bonuses 
 
 In September 2022, Mr. Kazazian received a one-time performance related discretionary bonus of 5,000 and Mr. Can received a one-time performance related discretionary bonus of 15,000. These amounts are included in the Bonus column of the Summary Compensation Table below. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 
 The named executive officers are eligible to participate in certain tax-qualified and non-qualified defined benefit, defined contribution, and deferred compensation plans. These plans are described in more detail below in the sections entitled Executive Compensation Pension Benefits and Deferred Compensation. 
 
 The Bank s retirement benefit plans are a vital component of the Bank s retention strategy for executive officers, particularly because many other competing organizations provide executive officers with economic benefits based on equity interests in the employer, oftentimes in addition to similar retirement benefits. The Bank is unable to offer equity-related compensation because it is a cooperative, and only member financial institutions may own its capital stock. 
 
 Perquisites and Other Benefits 
 
 All named executive officers are eligible to participate in the benefit plans that are made available to all employees of the Bank including medical, dental, and vision insurance coverage, group term life and long-term disability insurance coverage, paid vacation, and sick leave. The named executive officers generally participate in these plans on the same basis and terms as all other employees. 
 
 The Bank offers the named executive officers a limited number of perquisites, including an annual physical examination, guest travel to certain business functions, business club memberships, and financial planning services. For Mr. Malmberg, the Bank also provides an automobile allowance of up to 1,500 per month. Because perquisites generally are limited, the board does not specifically consider perquisites when reviewing total compensation for any of the named executive officers. 
 
 Employment Arrangements and Severance Benefits 
 
 Other than the specific contractual arrangements discussed below, all Bank employees are employed under an at will arrangement. Accordingly, an employee may resign employment at any time, and the Bank may terminate the employee s employment at any time for any reason, with or without cause. 
 
 The board of directors may, in its discretion, provide severance benefits to an executive officer in the event of termination of his/her employment. In determining whether severance compensation is appropriate, the board of directors considers both the factors underlying the termination of employment and the employment history of the executive officer. The Bank does not provide a gross up benefit on taxes incurred with respect to any severance. 
 
 Employment Agreement . The Bank entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Malmberg, effective April 20, 2021 (Employment Agreement). Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Malmberg s employment with the Bank may be terminated by the Bank with or without cause, or by Mr. Malmberg with or without good reason, as defined in the Employment Agreement. Unless earlier terminated by either party as provided therein, the Employment Agreement has an initial three-year term and will continue to extend automatically for subsequent one-year periods unless either party elects not to renew. Mr. Malmberg is entitled to participate in all incentive, savings, and retirement plans and programs available to senior executives of the Bank. The Employment Agreement also provides for certain severance benefits for Mr. Malmberg separately from those under the Change in Control Severance Plan, which are discussed below under Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control. This severance arrangement was an integral and necessary component of the Bank s strategy to recruit Mr. Malmberg to the president and CEO position. 
 
 127 

Table of Content 

Change in Control Severance Plan. Effective January 1, 2017, the Bank adopted an Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (Severance Plan). The purpose of the Severance Plan is to facilitate the hiring and retention of senior executives capable of executing the Bank s strategic priorities, to ensure their continued dedication to the Bank notwithstanding the possibility of a change in control, and to provide them with certain protection and benefits in the event of certain termination events following a defined change in control of the Bank. The board has designated Messrs. Malmberg, Kazazian, Can and O Shields as eligible to participate in the Severance Plan. Ms. Hunter became eligible to participate in the Severance Plan as at January 1, 2023. The Severance Plan is discussed below under Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control. 
 
 Report of the Board of Directors 
 
 The board of directors of the Bank has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above with management, and based on such review and discussion, the board of directors has determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above should be included in the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The board of directors of the Bank has primary responsibility for establishing and determining the Bank s compensation program. Therefore, this report is submitted by all current directors who were serving during 2022. 
 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 R. Thornwell Dunlap, III, Chair Suzanne S. DeFerie, Vice Chair Eduardo J. Arriola Edwina L. Payne William C. Handorf John B. Rucker Scott C. Harvard Kim D. Saunders Kim C. Liddell James M. Stubbs William L. Lusk, Jr. Richard A. Whaley Brian P. McLaughlin 

128 

Table of Content 

Executive Compensation 
 
 Summary Compensation Tables 
 
 The following table presents a summary of cash and other compensation earned by the named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. It is important to read this table, and the other tables that follow, closely and in conjunction with the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The narratives following the tables and the footnotes accompanying each table are important parts of each table. 

2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 Name and Principal Position (a) Year (b) Salary 
 (c) 
 Bonus (d) (2) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (e) (3) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (f) (4) 
 All Other Compensation (g) (5) 
 Total (h) Kirk R. Malmberg President and Chief Executive Officer 2022 910,000 100 849,961 1 243,870 2,003,932 2021 525,000 2,100 429,462 307,917 118,330 1,382,809 2020 581,885 1,500 427,342 3,689,157 121,985 4,821,869 Haig H. Kazazian, III Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2022 440,000 7,100 355,301 30,352 832,753 2021 425,000 100 298,917 27,725 751,742 2020 420,577 100 311,041 1,820,000 25,571 2,577,289 Alp E. Can, Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer 2022 470,000 15,100 364,965 111,031 961,096 2021 425,000 100 312,010 19,000 79,691 835,801 2020 430,962 1,600 320,814 301,000 68,783 1,123,159 K. Annette Hunter 
 Senior Vice President and Director of Business Operations (1) 
 2022 358,938 2,100 239,219 23,863 624,120 2021 346,800 32,060 182,066 50,000 21,894 632,820 Reginald O'Shields Executive Vice President and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer 2022 440,000 100 355,126 32,182 827,408 2021 425,000 100 291,401 29,743 746,244 2020 430,962 100 303,934 1,200,000 29,144 1,964,140 
 __________ 
 (1) Ms. Hunter was promoted to Executive Vice President and Director of Business Operations, effective as of January 1, 2023. 
 (2) The amounts in column (d) reflect an annual 100 employee appreciation bonus provided to all employees of the Bank. The Bank provides all employees of the Bank, including the named executive officers, a tax gross-up on this bonus, which amount is included in column (g). The 2022 bonus amount includes an award payment of 2,000 for Mr. Kazazian under the Bank s Service Award Program to recognize employees with five or more years of service and a 5,000 performance bonus. Mr. Can received a performance bonus of 15,000. Ms. Hunter received an award payment of 2,000 under the Bank s Service Award Program to recognize employees with five or more years of service. 
 (3) The amounts in column (e) reflect the dollar value of all earnings for services performed during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 pursuant to awards under the ICP, even though fifty percent of the ICP awards for each year were subject to mandatory deferral and distribution over three years. As discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, payment of the 2022 non-equity incentive compensation awards was subject to a 30-day review period and receipt of non-objection by the Finance Agency. The Bank received written non-objection from the Finance Agency on February 14, 2023. The amounts in column (e) also include the dollar value of all interest during each year earned on Deferred Incentive related to ICP awards for prior fiscal years, in the following amounts for 2022: 6,825 for Mr. Malmberg, 9,158 for Mr. Kazazian, 9,547 for Mr. Can, 6,143 for Ms. Hunter, and 8,983 for Mr. O Shields. 
 (4) The amounts in column (f) reflect the sum of (i) the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the named executive officer s aggregate pension benefits under the Bank s Pension and Defined Benefit Equalization Plan (DBEP) during each fiscal year, computed as described in footnote (1) to the 2022 Pension Benefits table, and (ii) all above market earnings earned under the Bank s non-qualified deferred compensation plans. Under SEC rules, above-market earnings result when deferrals are credited with interest in excess of 120 percent of the Applicable Federal Rate. The 2022 above-market amount for Mr. Malmberg was 1. For Mr. Malmberg, Mr. Kazazian, Mr. Can , Ms. Hunter, and Mr. O Shields the aggregate actuarial present value for pension benefits under the Bank s Pension and DBEP Plans decreased by 257,406, 1,768,000, 422,000, 972,000, and 1,284,000, respectively. These plans are described in greater detail below under Pension Benefits and Deferred Compensation. 

129 

Table of Content 

(5) The amounts in column (g) for 2022 consist of the following amounts: 
 Name Bank Contributions under the 401(k) Plan Matching contributions under the Bank s non-qualified Defined Contribution Benefit Equalization Plan Perquisite (1) 
 Tax Gross-ups (2) 
 Other Total Kirk R. Malmberg 18,300 206,646 18,890 34 243,870 Haig H. Kazazian, III 18,300 8,100 3,019 933 30,352 Alp E. Can 18,300 92,642 44 45 111,031 K. Annette Hunter 8,283 13,253 1,321 1,006 23,863 Reginald T. O'Shields 8,123 18,277 5,735 47 32,182 
 ____________ 
 (1) Perquisites are valued at the actual amounts paid by the Bank, and the value of each perquisite for each executive was less than 25,000. The Bank paid premiums for each named executive officer for the Bank s Business Travel Accidental Death and Dismemberment Policy. The Bank provided Mr. Malmberg an airline program membership, and a 1,500 per month car allowance. The Bank provided Mr. Kazazian, Ms. Hunter, and Mr. O Shields reimbursement for certain activities at business functions. The Bank provided Mr. Kazazian and Mr. O Shields reimbursement for guest travel to certain business functions and an airline program membership. The Bank provided Ms. Hunter, and Mr. O Shields matching contributions in the Bank s Once For All charitable giving program. 
 (2) The tax gross-up amounts represent withholding taxes on the 100 employee appreciation bonus provided to all employees of the 

Awards of Incentive Compensation in 2022 
 
 The following table provides information concerning each grant of an award to a named executive officer in 2022 under the ICP. 
 
 2022 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Name (a) Threshold (b) (1) 
 Target (c) (1) 
 Maximum (d) (1) 
 Kirk R. Malmberg 455,000 682,500 910,000 Haig H. Kazazian, III 154,000 264,000 374,000 Alp E. Can 164,500 282,000 399,500 K. Annette Hunter 107,681 179,469 251,257 Reginald O'Shields 154,000 264,000 374,000 
 ____________ 
 (1) Columns (b-d) reflect threshold, target, and maximum payment opportunities under the Bank s ICP for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The actual amounts earned pursuant to the ICP during 2022 are reported under column (e) of the 2022 Summary Compensation Table. Fifty percent of the actual amount earned is subject to mandatory deferral. For information on these awards, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 
 The 2022 Pension Benefits table below provides information with respect to the Pentegra Plan, which is the Bank s tax-qualified pension plan (Pension Plan), and the Bank s non-qualified Defined Benefit Equalization Plan (DBEP). The table shows the actuarial present value of accumulated benefits as of December 31, 2022, for each of the named executive officers and the number of years of service credited to each named executive under each plan. 
 
 130 

Table of Content 

Pension Plan 
 
 The pension benefits payable under the Pension Plan are based on a pre-established defined benefit formula that provides for an annual retirement allowance and a retirement death benefit. A participant s benefit in the plan vests upon completion of five years of service with the Bank, and the payout amount depends on the date of the participant s retirement, as described below. 
 
 Employees hired before July 1, 2005 
 For participants hired on or before July 1, 2005, the Pension Plan generally provides an annual retirement allowance equal to 2.50 percent of the participant s highest consecutive three-year average compensation for each year of credited service under the plan (not to exceed 30 years). Average compensation is defined as base salary and annual short-term incentive compensation. 
 
 For these participants, the standard retirement age is 65, with reduced early retirement benefits available at age 45. If the participant continues to work for the Bank until the sum of the participant s age and years of service with the Bank equals at least 70, the annual benefit payable following retirement is reduced by 1.50 percent for each year that retirement precedes normal retirement age. If the participant terminates employment before the participant s age and years of service with the Bank total 70, the annual benefit payable following retirement is reduced by six percent for each year between age 64 and 60, by four percent for each year between age 59 and 55, and by three percent for each year between age 54 and 45, in each case, that retirement precedes normal retirement age. For these participants, lump sum payments are available beginning at age 50. 
 
 Mr. Kazazian, Mr. Can, Mr. O Shields and Ms. Hunter participate in the Pension Plan on these terms because they were hired before July 1, 2005. Each of them has attained eligibility for immediate early retirement. Mr. Malmberg also participates in the Pension Plan on these terms and at a level consistent with his original date of hire. (Mr. Malmberg received a distribution from the Pension Plan following his retirement in 2020; but he re-entered the Pension Plan when he was appointed CEO in 2021.) 
 
 Employees hired between July 1, 2005, and February 28, 2011 
 
 For participants hired between July 1, 2005, and February 28, 2011, the Pension Plan generally provides an annual retirement allowance equal to 1.50 percent of the participant s highest consecutive five-year average compensation for each year of credited service under the plan (not to exceed 30 years). Average compensation is defined as base salary only. For these participants, the standard retirement age is 65, with reduced early retirement benefits available at age 55. If the participant terminates employment before reaching age 65, the annual benefit payable following retirement is reduced by six percent for each year between age 65 and 60, and by four percent for each year between age 60 and 55, in each case, that retirement precedes normal retirement age. These payments are not available for the named executive officers. 
 
 Employees hired on or after March 1, 2011 
 
 The Pension Plan was closed to new participants effective March 1, 2011. 
 
 DBEP 
 
 Payments under the Pension Plan may be limited due to federal tax code limitations. The DBEP exists to restore those benefits that executives otherwise would forfeit due to these limitations. The DBEP operates using the same benefit formula and retirement eligibility provisions as described above under the Pension Plan. Because the DBEP is a non-qualified plan, the benefits received from this plan do not receive the same tax treatment and funding protection as the Pension Plan. Messrs. Kazazian, and O Shields and Ms. Hunter participate in the DBEP. 
 
 131 

Table of Content 

Death Benefits 
 Death benefits, which do not vary based on date of hire, also are available under the Pension Plan and the DBEP. If an employee dies while in active service, his/her beneficiary is entitled to a lump sum amount equal to the commuted value of 120 monthly retirement payments. If a former employee dies while in retirement, having elected the normal form of retirement benefits, his/her beneficiary also is entitled to a lump sum amount equal to the commuted value of 120 monthly retirement payments less payments received before the former employee died. 
 
 2022 Pension Benefits 
 Name (a) Plan Name (b) Number of Years of Credited Service (c) Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (d) (1) 
 Payments during last fiscal year (e) Kirk R. Malmberg (2) 
 Pension Plan 25.58 2,316,000 154,594 DBEP N/A Haig H. Kazazian, III Pension Plan 30.00 1,976,000 DBEP 30.00 2,658,000 Alp E. Can Pension Plan 17.58 705,000 DBEP N/A K. Annette Hunter Pension Plan 20.25 1,435,000 DBEP 20.25 1,312,000 Reginald T. O'Shields Pension Plan 19.58 979,000 DBEP 19.58 1,363,000 
 ____________ 
 (1) The Present Value of Accumulated Benefit is the present value of the annual pension benefit that was earned as of December 31, 2022, assuming retirement at age 65. Benefits under the Pension Plan were calculated using a 5.02 percent discount rate; a 4.93 percent discount rate was used to calculate benefits under the DBEP. 
 (2) Mr. Malmberg did not re-enter participation in the DBEP upon his appointment as CEO in 2021. 
 
 Deferred Compensation 
 
 Each named executive officer of the Bank is eligible to participate in the Bank s non-qualified, elective deferred compensation plan (DCP). Additionally, each named executive officer is also eligible to participate in the Bank s consolidated non-qualified Benefit Equalization Plan (BEP). The BEP includes both a defined contribution component (DCBEP) described below and a defined benefit component (DBEP) described above. Directors are eligible to participate in the DCP but are not eligible to participate in the BEP. 
 
 The DCP permits a participant to defer all or a portion of his/her compensation, including base salary and awards under the ICP, and to select the method of determining the earnings on such deferred compensation, based on a range of mutual fund options designed to mirror the Bank s 401(k) Plan. DCP participants also may select an interest crediting rate based on the Bank s return on equity. Distributions from the DCP may be made either in a specific year, whether or not a participant s employment has ended, or at a time that begins at or after the participant s retirement or separation. Participants may elect to receive either a lump sum distribution or annual installment payments over periods ranging from two to five years. The Bank does not match contributions to the DCP. 
 
 Named executive officers are permitted to defer up to 40.0 percent of salary under the Bank s 401(k) Plan and the DCBEP. The Bank matches the amount contributed by a participant up to six percent of base salary. 
 
 The DCBEP, like the 401(k) Plan, is self-directed and provides participants with a range of mutual fund options through the Vanguard Group. Participants earn a market rate of return based on the mutual funds selected. Distributions from the DCBEP begin when a participant s employment has ended. Participants may elect to receive either a lump sum distribution or annual installment payments over periods ranging from two to five years. These plans are designed to encourage additional voluntary savings and to offer a valuable financial planning tool. All Bank contributions to the DCBEP are subject to a two-year vesting period. 
 132 

Table of Content 

The board amended the BEP, effective January 1, 2018, to: 
 
 provide that any executive hired or promoted to the level of senior vice president or higher after January 1, 2018 eligible executives ), will not be eligible to receive the defined benefit feature of the BEP; 
 
 provide senior vice presidents hired or promoted after January 1, 2018 with a contribution equivalent to 10.0 percent of base pay offset by contributions to the 401(k) Plan; and 
 
 provide senior vice presidents hired or promoted after January 1, 2018 with a contribution equivalent to 10.0 percent of incentive compensation. 
 
 The board amended the BEP, effective April 1, 2021, to: 
 
 define a new category of executives as eligible participants: those who were hired or promoted to chief executive officer on or after April 1, 2021 and regardless of participation in the Bank s qualified pension plan but who are not eligible to accrue benefits under the Bank's non-qualified defined benefit equalization plan; 
 
 provide eligible executives with a contribution equivalent to 14.0 percent of base pay offset by 6.0 percent matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan; and 
 
 provide eligible executives with a contribution equivalent to 20.0 percent of any bonuses paid in the current year. 
 
 The board further amended the BEP, effective July 2, 2022 to: 
 
 define a new category of executives as eligible participants: those who occupy the chief risk officer role as of July, 2022 and regardless of participation in the Bank s qualified pension plan but who are not eligible to accrue benefits under the Bank's non-qualified defined benefit equalization plan; 
 
 provide eligible executives with a contribution equivalent to 14.0 percent of base pay offset by 6.0 percent matching contributions to the 401(k) Plan; and 
 
 provide eligible executives with a contribution equivalent to 20.0 percent of any bonuses paid in the current year. 
 
 The following table presents compensation earned and deferred in 2022, and earnings on, or distributions of, such amounts. In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts shown in the table do not include any amounts in respect of the 401(k) Plan. 

2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Name (a) Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (b) (1) 
 Bank Contributions in Last Fiscal Year (c) (2) 
 Aggregate Earnings In Last Fiscal Year (d) (3) 
 Aggregate Withdrawals / Distributions (e) Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End (f) (4) 
 Kirk R. Malmberg 27,600 206,646 (99,412) (463,497) 467,436 Haig H. Kazazian, III 8,100 (14,235) 67,676 Alp E. Can 7,700 92,642 (52,586) 289,637 K. Annette Hunter 44,788 13,253 (68,504) 393,382 Reginald O'Shields 61,000 18,277 (254,909) 928,187 
 _________ 
 (1) Amounts under column (b), if any, are included in salary reported for 2022 in column (c) of the 2022 Summary Compensation Table. 
 (2) Amounts under column (c), if any, are included in all other compensation amounts reported for 2022 in column (g) of the 2022 Summary Compensation Table. 
 (3) Amounts under column (d), if any, reflect actual market returns for mutual funds selected by participants and earnings on the Bank s return on equity fund over 120 applicable long term federal rate. 
 (4) To the extent that a participant was a named executive officer in prior years, executive and Bank contributions included in the Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End column have been reported as compensation in the Summary Compensation Table for the applicable year. 
 133 

Table of Content 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 
 Malmberg Employment Agreement 
 Mr. Malmberg s Employment Agreement provides that upon the Bank s termination of his employment for any reason other than cause, or upon Mr. Malmberg s termination of his employment for good reason, the Bank will pay a total of one year s base salary in effect at the date of termination in a lump sum within 30 days after Mr. Malmberg executes and delivers a general release of claims to the Bank, plus an amount equal to the amount that would have been payable pursuant to Mr. Malmberg s incentive compensation award for the year in which the date of termination occurs, prorated based upon the number of days Mr. Malmberg was employed that year. The incentive compensation award is based on the Bank s actual performance for the year in which termination occurs and is payable at the time such incentive compensation awards are paid to other senior executives. In addition, Mr. Malmberg is entitled to receive certain healthcare replacement costs and other amounts required to be paid or provided under any other Bank plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement. 
 
 Under Mr. Malmberg s Employment Agreement, cause is defined to include: 
 
 Mr. Malmberg s failure to perform substantially his duties; 
 
 his engagement in illegal conduct or gross misconduct injurious to the Bank; 
 
 a written request from the Finance Agency or any other regulatory agency or body requesting that the Bank terminate his employment; 
 
 crimes involving a felony, fraud or other dishonest acts; 
 
 certain other notices from or actions by the Finance Agency; 
 
 his breach of fiduciary duty or breach of certain covenants in the Employment Agreement; 
 
 his refusal to comply with a lawful directive from the Chair of the board of directors or from the board of directors; or 
 
 his material breach of the Employment Agreement. 
 
 The Employment Agreement defines good reason to include: 
 
 a material diminution in Mr. Malmberg s base salary or in his authority; 
 
 the Bank requiring Mr. Malmberg to be based at any office or location other than in Atlanta, Georgia; or 
 
 a material breach of the Employment Agreement by the Bank. 
 
 134 

Table of Content 

The following table presents information about potential payments to Mr. Malmberg under his Employment Agreement in the event his employment had terminated on December 31, 2022 and a change in control of the Bank had not occurred. He is not entitled to any gross-up payments on taxes incurred with respect to any severance, whether under Section 280G of the tax code or otherwise. 
 
 Potential Payments upon Termination Termination Severance Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Benefits Pension Benefit Enhancements Other Perquisites Total 2022 ICP Award 
 Deferred Incentive for Prior Periods Salary Resignation without Good Reason Involuntary Termination For Cause Involuntary Termination Without Cause 843,136 73,852 910,000 47,688 1,874,676 Resignation For Good Reason 843,136 73,852 910,000 47,688 1,874,676 
 The other named executive officers are entitled to receive amounts earned during their terms of employment, regardless of the manner in which their employment terminated, on the same terms generally applicable to all employees of the Bank. These amounts include: 
 
 Severance, if and as determined at the sole discretion of the board. 
 
 Amounts accrued and vested through the Bank s Pension Plan and the DBEP (the Bank s qualified and non-qualified defined benefit plans). 
 
 Up to three months of incremental service under the Bank s Pension Plan may be granted, in the sole discretion of the board, if an employee is provided with severance pay. 
 
 Amounts accrued and vested through the 401(k) Plan and the DCBEP (the Bank s qualified and non-qualified defined contribution plans) and amounts contributed and associated earnings under the Bank s DCP. 
 
 Accrued vacation and applicable retiree medical benefits and applicable retiree life insurance. 
 In the event of the death or disability of an employee, including a named executive officer, in conjunction with the benefits above, the employee or his/her beneficiary may receive benefits under the Bank s disability plan or payments under the Bank s life insurance plan, as appropriate. Named executive officers also are entitled to receive death benefit payments under the Pension Plan and the Excess Plan, as described under Retirement Benefits Death Benefits. 
 Change in Control Severance Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2017, the Bank adopted an Executive Change in Control Severance Plan (Severance Plan). 
 Overview of the Severance Plan 
 The Severance Plan provides certain protection and benefits in the event of a Qualifying Termination (as defined below) following a Change in Control (as defined below). The Severance Plan applies to employees or officers who are designated by the Bank s board of directors as participants. The Bank s board has designated Messrs. Malmberg, Kazazian, Can, O Shields and Ms. Hunter as participants in the Severance Plan. 
 Qualifying Termination 
 Qualifying Termination means any separation, termination or other discontinuation of the employment relationship between the Bank and a participant, (A) by the Bank, other than for cause (as defined in the Severance Plan); or (B) by the participant, for good reason (as defined in the Severance Plan), but does not include a termination resulting from the participant s death or disability. 
 135 

Table of Content 

The Severance Plan defines cause to include: 
 
 the participant s failure to perform substantially his/her duties; 
 
 the participant s engagement in illegal conduct or willful misconduct injurious to the Bank; 
 
 the participant s material violation of law or regulation or of the Bank s written policies or guidelines; 
 
 a written request from the Finance Agency requesting that the Bank terminate the participant s employment; 
 
 crimes involving a felony, fraud or other dishonest acts; 
 
 certain other notices from or actions by the Finance Agency; 
 
 the participant s breach of fiduciary duty or breach of certain covenants in the Severance Plan; and 
 
 the participant s refusal to comply with a lawful directive from the CEO or the board of directors. 
 
 The Severance Plan defines good reason to include: 
 a material diminution in the participant s base salary or in his/her duties or authority; 
 
 the Bank requiring the participant to be based at any office or location other than in Atlanta, Georgia; or 
 
 a material breach of the Severance Plan by the Bank. 
 
 Under the terms of the Severance Plan, if there is a Qualifying Termination during the period beginning on the earliest of the date a definitive agreement or order for a Change in Control has been entered, or the effective date of a Change of Control as prescribed by the Finance Agency, and ending, in all cases, twenty-four (24) months following the effective date of the Change in Control, the participant becomes entitled to certain severance payments and benefits. 
 These payments and benefits include the following: 
 The CEO would receive a cash payment equal to 2.5 times his/her annual base salary amount. 
 
 An executive vice president would receive a cash payment equal to 1.75 times his/her annual base salary amount. 
 
 Participants would receive a lump sum cash payment equal to the amount that would have been payable pursuant to the participant s incentive compensation award for the year in which the date of a Qualifying Termination occurs, prorated based on the number of days the participant was employed that year. 
 
 Participants would receive a lump sum cash payment for outplacement assistance in the amount of 7,500. 
 
 In addition, the CEO would receive a cash payment equivalent to 24 months of health continuation coverage, and executive vice presidents would receive a cash payment equivalent to 18 months of health continuation coverage. 
 The Severance Plan defines a Change in Control as: 
 the merger, reorganization, or consolidation of the Bank with or into, or acquisition of the Bank by, another Federal Home Loan Bank or other entity; 
 
 the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Bank to another Federal Home Loan Bank or other entity; or 
 
 a change in the composition of the Bank s board that causes the combined number of member directors from the jurisdictions of Alabama, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia to cease to constitute a majority of the Bank s directors; or 
 
 136 

Table of Content 

the Bank s liquidation or dissolution. 
 
 The payments described above are payable in a lump sum within sixty (60) days following the participant s employment termination date, except the prorated incentive compensation award, which is payable at the time such incentive compensation awards are paid to other senior executives. All payments and benefits are conditioned on the executive having delivered an irrevocable general release of claims against the Bank before payment occurs. In addition, all payments and benefits remain subject to the Bank s compliance with any applicable statutory and regulatory requirements relating to the payment of amounts under the Severance Plan. The Severance Plan requires that an individual execute a participation agreement to become a participant in the Severance Plan. Each of Messrs. Malmberg, Kazazian, Can, O Shields, and Ms. Hunter have executed a participation agreement to become participants in the Severance Plan. 
 
 The following table presents information about potential payments under the Severance Plan in the event that a Change in Control had occurred and their employment had terminated due to a Qualifying Termination on December 31, 2022. None of the participants would be entitled to any gross-up payments on taxes incurred with respect to any severance, whether under Section 280G of the tax code or otherwise. 
 Potential Payments upon Qualified Termination Following a Change in Control (1) 
 2022 ICP Award 
 Separation Payment Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Benefits Outplacement Assistance Total Kirk R. Malmberg 843,136 2,275,000 47,688 7,500 3,173,324 Haig H. Kazazian, III 346,143 770,000 48,584 7,500 1,172,227 Alp E. Can 355,418 875,000 15,751 7,500 1,253,669 Reginald T. O'Shields 346,143 770,000 48,484 7,500 1,172,127 
 ____________ 
 (1) Qualifying Termination means a termination without cause or a resignation for good reason. In order to receive severance under the Severance Plan, a Qualifying Termination must occur within 24 months following the effective date of a Change in Control. Mr. Kazazian became a participant in the Severance Plan effective January 14, 2022 and Ms. Hunter was not a participant in the Severance Plan in 2022, but became a participant effective January 1, 2023. 
 
 CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure Rule 
 The following is a reasonable estimate, prepared under applicable SEC rules, of the ratio of the annual total compensation of the Bank s president and CEO, Mr. Malmberg, to the median of the annual total compensation of the Bank s other employees. The Bank identified the median employee in 2022 by examining the 2022 base pay for all 317 individuals, excluding the CEO, who were employed by the Bank on December 1, 2022 (annualized for any permanent full- or part-time employees that were not employed by the Bank for all of 2022). The Bank calculated the annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology the Bank uses for its named executive officers as set forth in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table included earlier in this Executive Compensation section of the Report. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank s median employee total annual compensation was 156,926, the CEO s total annual compensation was 2,003,932; and the ratio of CEO to median employee compensation was 12.77 to 1. 
 Under the SEC s rules and guidance, there are numerous ways to determine the median employee for purposes of calculating the pay ratio, and companies may differ in the methods they use, including the employee population sampled, the elements of pay and benefits used, any assumptions made and the use of statistical sampling. In addition, no two companies have identical employee populations or compensation programs, and pay, benefits and retirement plans differ by country even within the same company. As such, the Bank s pay ratio may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported by other companies. 
 
 137 

Table of Content 

Director Compensation 
 The FHLBank Act provides that each FHLBank may pay its directors reasonable compensation for the time required of them, and their necessary expenses, in the performance of their duties, subject to approval by the Director. In accordance with the FHLBank Act, the Bank has adopted a policy governing the compensation and travel expense reimbursement provided to its directors. Under this policy, directors receive fees paid for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and meeting of a committee of the board of directors, as further described below. These fees are subject to the annual caps established under the policy. Directors do not receive separate retainers. 
 Directors are reimbursed for reasonable Bank-related travel expenses in accordance with Bank policy. In specified instances, the Bank may reimburse a director for the transportation and other ordinary travel expenses of the director s guest; in 2022, these expenses totaled 48,644 in the aggregate. 
 During 2022, directors received fees for attendance at each board and committee meeting as described below. The following table presents the annual compensation limits applied. 
 2022 Annual Director Compensation Limits 
 Title Amount Chair of the Board 140,000 Vice Chair of the Board 120,000 Chair of the Audit Committee 115,000 Other Committee Chair (excluding Audit and Executive) 110,000 All Other Directors 100,000 
 
 Under the 2022 Directors Compensation Policy, each director had an opportunity to receive a payment of approximately one-seventh of that director s annual cap for attendance at no less than 75.0 percent of the board meeting and meetings of each committee of the board on which the director serves during each interim period. The first interim period began on December 13, 2021 and ended January 28, 2022 (the last day of the first scheduled in-person board meeting for 2022). Each successive interim period began on the calendar day immediately following a scheduled board meeting through and including the day of the next scheduled board meeting, with the seventh interim period ending on December 11, 2022 after the seventh scheduled in-person board meeting. Under the policy, after the end of the seventh interim period and before the seventh payment was made, the governance and compensation committee of the board reviews the cumulative attendance and performance of each director during the year and, in consultation with the chair of the board, may recommended to the board a reduction, elimination or increase in the final payment opportunity for each director, provided that no increase may exceed the applicable annual compensation cap. No such adjustment was made for 2022. 
 138 

Table of Content 

The following table presents the cash and other compensation earned or paid by the Bank to the members of the board of directors for all services in all capacities during 2022. 
 2022 Director Compensation 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation Total (a) (b) (c) (1) 
 (d) (e) Eduardo Arriola 85,714 7 85,721 Suzanne S. DeFerie 115,000 115,000 R. Thornwell Dunlap, III 120,000 44 120,044 William C. Handorf 110,000 110,000 Scott C. Harvard 110,000 110,000 Jonathan Kislak 110,000 110,000 Kim C. Liddell 110,000 110,000 William L. Lusk, Jr 100,000 100,000 Brian P. McLaughlin 100,000 100,000 Edwina L. Payne 100,000 100,000 John B. Rucker 110,000 321 110,321 Kim D. Saunders 100,000 100,000 James M. Stubbs 100,000 100,000 Richard A. Whaley 140,000 845 140,845 
 ____________ 
 (1) Directors are eligible to participate in the Bank s DCP. Directors Arriola, Dunlap and Whaley elected to defer compensation for 2022. The amounts in column (c) represent above market earnings on deferred amounts. 
 Director perquisites include premiums paid by the Bank for each director for the Bank s Business Travel Accidental Death and Dismemberment Policy, guest travel, certain activities at business functions, and matching contributions under the Bank s Once For All charitable giving program. For each director, the aggregate amount of such perquisites was less than 10,000. 
 In January 2023, the board of directors approved the 2023 Directors Compensation Policy which determined new annual compensation limits applicable as of January 1, 2023. 

139 

Table of Content 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The Bank is a cooperative whose members own substantially all of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank and elect the directors of the Bank. The voting right of members is generally limited to the election of the Bank s board of directors. A member is eligible to vote for the number of open member director seats in the state in which its principal place of business is located, and all members are eligible to vote for the number of open independent director seats. Membership is voluntary, and a member must give notice of its intent to withdraw from membership. A member that withdraws from membership may not acquire shares of any FHLBank before the end of the five-year period beginning on the date of the completion of its divestiture of Bank stock. 
 
 The Bank does not offer any compensation plan under which equity securities of the Bank are authorized for issuance. The following table presents the ownership of the Bank s capital stock, which is concentrated within the financial services industry and is stratified across various institution types (in millions). 
 Commercial Banks Credit Unions Savings Institutions Insurance Companies CDFIs Mandatorily Redeemable Capital Stock Total December 31, 2022 3,395 1,114 433 452 3 5,397 December 31, 2021 1,094 704 317 265 3 1 2,384 December 31, 2020 1,585 846 392 250 5 3,078 December 31, 2019 3,257 1,048 470 209 4 1 4,989 December 31, 2018 3,656 1,167 469 191 3 1 5,487 
 
 The following table presents information about those members that are beneficial owners of more than five percent of the Bank s outstanding capital stock, including mandatorily redeemable capital stock, as of February 28, 2023. 
 Name and Address Number of Shares Owned Percent of Total Capital Stock Truist 14,685,852 25.83 214 N Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Bank of America, National Association 7,491,885 13.18 100 North Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28255 TIAA, FSB 2,842,375 5.00 301 West Bay Street Jacksonville, FL 32202 
 
 Additionally, member directors, which comprise a majority of the board of directors of the Bank, are officers or directors of member institutions that own the Bank s capital stock. The following table presents these institutions as of February 28, 2023. 
 Member Name City, State Number of Shares Owned Percent of Total Capital Stock Seacoast National Bank Stuart, FL 179,080 0.32 First Bank Southern Pines, NC 150,327 0.26 River Bank Trust Prattville, AL 52,354 0.09 IDB Global Federal Credit Union Washington, DC 30,178 0.05 BayVanguard Bank Baltimore, MD 18,268 0.03 First Bank Strasburg, VA 7,956 0.01 Citizens Bank of Americus Americus, GA 4,439 0.01 Community Bankers' Bank Midlothian, VA 4,185 0.01 Countybank Greenwood, SC 4,005 0.01 
 
 140 

Table of Content 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Because the Bank is a cooperative, capital stock ownership is a prerequisite for a member to transact any business with the Bank. The Bank s member directors are officers or directors of member institutions. All directors and any member that holds five percent or more of the Bank s voting securities are classified as related parties under SEC regulations. In the ordinary course of its business, the Bank may transact business with each of the members that has an officer or director serving as a director of the Bank and members that hold five percent or more of the Bank s voting securities. All such transactions: 
 
 have been made in the ordinary course of the Bank s business; 
 have been made subject to the same Bank policies as transactions with the Bank s members generally; and 
 in the opinion of management, do not involve more than the normal risk of collection or present other unfavorable features. 
 
 The Bank has adopted a written related person transaction policy, which requires the Governance and Compensation Committee of the board of directors to review and, if appropriate, to approve certain transactions between the Bank and any related person (as defined by applicable SEC regulations). Pursuant to the policy, the committee will review any transaction the Bank would be required to disclose in filings with the SEC in which the Bank is or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related person had, has, or will have a direct or indirect material interest. The Bank has exemptive relief, pursuant to an SEC no-action letter and by law, from disclosing related person transactions that arise in the ordinary course of the Bank s business. The committee may approve those transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Bank and its shareholders. 
 
 In addition, the Bank has a written Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and a Code of Conduct and Ethics for Directors as well as other written policies and procedures that also may apply to or prohibit certain related person transactions. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 For a discussion of director independence, refer to Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance -Director Independence, Compensation Committee, Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert . 
 
 141 

Table of Content 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 The following table presents the aggregate PwC fees billed to (or accrued by) the Bank (in thousands). 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 964 869 Audit-related fees (2) 
 119 61 All other fees (3) 
 54 3 Total fees 1,137 933 
 ____________ 
 (1) Audit fees and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were for professional services rendered by PwC in connection with the Bank s annual audits and quarterly reviews of the Bank s financial statements. 
 (2) Audit-related fees and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were for certain FHLBank System assurance and related services, as well as fees related to PwC s participation at conferences. Audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 also includes costs related to the Bank s implementation of a new Human Resource and Finance system. 
 (3) All other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 relate to the annual license for PwC s accounting research software and disclosure checklist. All other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 also includes fees incurred related to pre-implementation work related to a new Human Resource and Finance system. 
 
 The Bank paid additional fees to PwC in the form of assessments paid to the Office of Finance. The Bank is assessed its proportionate share of the costs of operating the Office of Finance, which includes the expenses associated with the annual audits of the combined financial statements of the FHLBanks. These assessments, which totaled 67,785 and 58,430 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, are not included in the table above. 
 
 The Bank is exempt from ordinary federal, state, and local taxation, except employment and real property taxes. No tax-related fees were paid to PwC during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Audit Committee of the board of directors has adopted the Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy (Pre-Approval Policy). In accordance with the Pre-Approval Policy and applicable law, the Audit Committee pre-approves audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and non-audit services to be provided by the Bank s independent registered public accounting firm. The term of any pre-approval is 12 months from the date of pre-approval unless the Audit Committee specifically provides otherwise. On an annual basis, the Audit Committee reviews the list of specific services and projected fees for services to be provided for the next 12 months and pre-approves services as the Audit Committee deems necessary. Under the Pre-Approval Policy, the Audit Committee has granted pre-approval authority to the chair and the vice chair of the Audit Committee, subject to limitation as set forth in the Pre-Approval Policy. The chair or the vice chair must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. New services that have not been pre-approved by the Audit Committee that are in excess of the pre-approval fee level established by the Audit Committee must be presented to the entire Audit Committee for pre-approval. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 100 percent of the audit fees, audit-related fees, and all other fees were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 142 

Table of Content 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a) Financial Statements . The following financial statements of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta, set forth in Item 8 above, are filed as part of this Report. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Statements of Capital Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

143 

Table of Content 

(b) Exhibits. The exhibits listed below are being filed with or incorporated by reference as a part of this Report: 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Dated Filed 3.1 Amended and Restated Organization Certificate of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. 
 8-K 10/26/12 3.2 Bylaws of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (Revised and Restated through December 11, 2021). 
 8-K 12/11/21 4.1 Capital Plan of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. 
 8-K 10/8/21 4.2 Description of the Bank s Capital Stock. 
 10.1 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Benefit Equalization Plan (2018 restatement). 
 10-K 3/8/18 10.2 Amendment One to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Benefit Equalization Plan. 
 8-K 1/28/20 10.3 Amendment Two to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Benefit Equalization Plan . 
 8-K/A 4/21/21 10.4 Amendment Three to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Benefit Equalization Plan. 
 8-K 8/24/22 10.5 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Deferred Compensation Plan (2009 revision). 
 8-K 1/9/09 10.6 Form of Officer and Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 10-12G 3/17/06 10.7 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 2023 Directors Compensation Policy. 
 10.8 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Omnibus Annual Incentive Compensation Plan Amend ed and R e stated as of January, 2022 ). 
 10-Q 5/6/22 10.9 Employment Agreement effective as of May 28, 2021 between the Bank and Kirk R. Malmberg. 
 8-K/A 4/21/21 10.10 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Executive Change in Control Severance Plan, effective January 1, 2017. 
 10-K 3/9/17 10.11 Amended and Restated Federal Home Loan Banks P I Funding and Contingency Plan Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2017, by and among the Office of Finance and each of the Federal Home Loan Banks. 
 10-K 3/9/17 10.12 Amended Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement by and among each of the Federal Home Loan Banks. 
 8-K 8/5/11 31.1 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 135, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 
 99.1 Audit Committee Report.+ 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. + 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.+ 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.+ 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.+ 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.+ 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.+ Denotes management contract or compensatory plan. + Furnished herewith. 
 144 

Table of Content 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Kirk R. Malmberg 
 Name: Kirk R. Malmberg Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Kirk R. Malmberg 
 Name: Kirk R. Malmberg Title: President and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Haig H. Kazazian III 
 Name: Haig H. Kazazian III Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ William T. Shaw 
 Name: William T. Shaw Title: Senior Vice President and Controller Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ R. Thornwell Dunlap, III 
 Name: R. Thornwell Dunlap, III Title: Chair of the Board of Directors Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Suzanne S. DeFerie 
 Name: Suzanne S. DeFerie Title: Vice Chair of the Board of Directors Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Eduardo J. Arriola 
 Name: Eduardo J. Arriola Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ William C. Handorf 
 Name: William C. Handorf Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Scott C. Harvard 
 Name: Scott C. Harvard Title: Director 
 145 

Table of Content 

Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Kim C. Liddell 
 Name: Kim C. Liddell Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ William L. Lusk, Jr 
 Name: William L. Lusk, Jr Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By _________________ Name: Kathleen C. McKinney Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Brian P. McLaughlin 
 Name: Brian P. McLaughlin Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Edwina L. Payne 
 Name: Edwina L. Payne Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ John B. Rucker 
 Name: John B. Rucker Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Kim D. Saunders 
 Name: Kim D. Saunders Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ James M. Stubbs 
 Name: James M. Stubbs Title: Director Date: March 10, 2023 By /s/ Richard A. Whaley 
 Name: Richard A. Whaley Title: Director 
 Ms. McKinney joined the board of directors effective January 1, 2023. Given the short time period between their election and the date of this report, the director was not asked to sign this report. 
 146 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 fhlb-atl10xk2022ex42.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE BANKS CAPITAL STOCK

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 Description of the Bank s Capital Stock 
 
 The Bank s capital structure consists solely of Class B stock, par value 100 per share. The Class B stock contains three distinct subclasses, each of which is issued, redeemed, and repurchased at par value. Under the Bank s Capital Plan, each member is required to maintain a certain minimum investment in Class B stock of the Bank. Each member s minimum stock requirement is equal to the sum of a membership stock component and an activity-based stock component. Shares of Subclass B1 Class B stock are issued to meet the membership stock requirement and shares of Subclass B2 Class B stock and Subclass B3 Class B stock are issued to meet the activity-based stock requirement. 
 
 Subclass B1 Class B Stock 
 
 Each member is required to maintain a minimum investment in Subclass B1 shares sufficient to meet its membership stock requirement as long as the institution remains a member of the Bank. 
 
 From time to time the Bank s board of directors may adjust the membership stock requirement, including the cap, within specified ranges set forth in the Capital Plan. Under the Capital Plan, the membership stock requirement can range from 0.01 percent (one basis points) to 0.40 percent (40 basis points) of the member s total assets. The cap can range from 1 million to 35 million. Any adjustment by the board of directors outside these ranges would require an amendment to the Capital Plan and Finance Agency approval. Each member is required to comply promptly with any adjustment to the membership stock requirement. A member may not use shares of Subclass B2 Class B stock or Subclass B3 Class B stock to meet its membership stock requirement. 
 
 As of the date of this report, a member s membership stock requirement is 0.05 percent (5 basis points) of the member s total assets, subject to cap of 15 million. 
 
 Subclass B2 Class B Stock and Subclass B3 Class B Stock 
 
 Each member is required to maintain a minimum investment in Subclass B2 shares and Subclass B3 shares sufficient to meet its activity-based stock requirement as long as the related assets continue to be carried on the Bank s balance sheet. 
 
 From time to time, the board of directors may adjust the activity-based stock requirement within specified ranges set forth in the Capital Plan as follows 
 
 The advances stock requirement, which shall equal an amount of Subclass B2 Capital Stock not less than 2.00 percent nor greater than 6.00 percent of the member s outstanding advances 
 
 The acquired member assets stock requirement, which shall equal an amount of Subclass B2 Capital Stock not less than 0.00 percent nor greater than 6.00 percent of any acquired member asset sold by the member and owned by the Bank 
 
 The targeted debt equity investments stock requirement, which shall equal an amount of Subclass B2 Capital Stock not less than 6.00 percent nor greater than 9.00 percent of any targeted debt equity investment sold by the member and owned by the Bank, and 

1 of 6 

The standby letters of credit requirement, which shall equal an amount of Subclass B3 Capital Stock not less than 0.10 percent nor greater than 2.00 percent of the amount of standby letters of credit issued by the Bank on behalf of the member. 
 
 Any adjustment outside the ranges would require an amendment to the Capital Plan and Finance Agency approval. Each member is required to comply promptly with any adjustment to the activity-based stock requirement. A member may not use shares of Subclass B1 Class B stock to meet its activity-based stock requirement. 
 
 As of the date of this report, a member s activity-based stock requirement is the sum of the following items 
 
 4.25 percent of the member s outstanding par value of advances 
 
 8.00 percent of any outstanding targeted debt equity investment (such as multifamily residential mortgage loan assets) sold by the member to the Bank on or after December 17, 2004 and 
 
 0.10 percent of members outstanding standby letters of credit. 
 
 The activity-based stock requirement also may include a percentage of any outstanding balance of acquired member assets (such as residential mortgage loan assets), which was set at zero as of the date of this report. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 The Bank s board of directors, in its sole discretion, may declare and direct the Bank to pay dividends on the Class B stock. All outstanding shares of Class B stock participate in any dividend without preference and without distinction between subclasses. Dividends may be paid in the form of cash or capital stock and will be computed based on the amount of time during the relevant quarterly or other period that the Class B stock was outstanding. A former member of the Bank is entitled to receive any dividends attributable to its Class B stock through the date of redemption or repurchase of that stock by the Bank. 
 
 Dividend distributions may be limited or prohibited in some circumstances under regulatory requirements, Bank Policy, the Capital Plan or other commitments made by the Bank. 
 
 Dividends may be paid only from the Bank s current net earnings or retained earnings. The board of directors may not declare a dividend under any one or more of the following circumstances 
 
 If the Bank s capital position is below its minimum regulatory capital requirement 
 
 If the Bank s capital position will be below its minimum regulatory capital requirement after paying the dividend 
 
 If the principal or interest due on any consolidated obligation issued through the Office of Finance has not been paid in full or 
 
 If the Bank becomes a noncomplying FHLBank under Finance Agency regulations as a result of its inability to comply with regulatory liquidity requirements or satisfy its current obligations. 

2 of 6 

The Bank has adopted a retained earnings target. In addition, pursuant to the Amended Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement by and among each of the FHLBanks and the respective Bank s Capital Plan provisions related to retained earnings enhancements, the Bank is required to contribute a percentage of its net income to a separate restricted retained earnings account. 
 
 Repurchase and Redemption Provisions 
 
 Excess Stock Repurchases Initiated by the Bank 
 
 A member may hold Class B stock in excess of its minimum stock requirement, called excess stock, to the extent it has the legal authority under applicable statutes and regulations, subject to the following provisions. 
 
 Repurchases of Membership Stock Subclass B1 Class B stock 
 
 The Bank will recalculate the membership stock requirement of each member at least annually, and no later than March 31 of each year, using financial data as of the prior calendar year-end. In its discretion, the Bank may recalculate any member s membership stock requirement more frequently, using the most recently available financial data. The Bank also will recalculate each member s membership stock requirement on the effective date of any adjustment to the percentage used in calculating this membership stock requirement. If any of these recalculations results in a decrease in the member s membership stock requirement, the Bank, in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, repurchase any excess shares of Subclass B1 Class B stock held by the member. Upon termination of membership, any Subclass B1 Class B stock that is not required to meet the former member s membership stock retention requirement is excess stock subject to repurchase by the Bank, in its sole discretion. 
 
 Repurchases of Activity-Based Stock Subclass B2 Class B stock and Subclass B3 Class stock 
 
 The Bank will recalculate each member s activity-based stock requirement at the time of any change in the amount of transactions outstanding between the Bank and the member, which can occur daily, and on the effective date of any adjustment to the percentages used in calculating the activity-based stock requirement. If this recalculation results in a decrease to the member s activity-based stock requirement, and the par value of excess shares of Subclass B2 Class B stock and or Subclass B3 Class stock held by a member exceeds the excess stock threshold amount, the Bank generally will repurchase some or all, in its discretion, of the excess shares of Subclass B2 Class B stock and or Subclass B3 Class stock held by that member. The Bank may change this repurchase policy upon notice to the members. 
 
 Excess Stock Redemptions Initiated by Members 
 
 Under the Bank s Capital Plan, a member may request redemption of its excess stock, payable in cash at par value, upon five years prior written notice to the Bank. The Bank may, in its sole discretion and at any time, repurchase shares of excess stock referenced in the member s written notice of redemption. 
 
 The written notice must indicate the particular subclass(es) and number of shares to be redeemed. The five-year redemption period starts when the Bank receives written notice from the member. A member may not have more than one written notice of redemption outstanding at any one time for the same shares of Class B stock. Following the requested redemption, the member must continue to meet its minimum stock requirement under the Capital Plan. 
 
 The member may cancel its redemption request before the end of the five-year redemption period by providing a written cancellation notice to the Bank, subject to a redemption cancellation fee. 
 
 3 of 6 

If, at the end of the five-year redemption period, the member would fail to meet its minimum stock requirement, the Bank will not redeem the member s Class B stock but will attempt the redemption on each of the following five business days following the expiration of the redemption period. If the Bank is prevented from redeeming a member s Class B stock during this period for this reason, the redemption notice will be cancelled automatically and the member will be required to pay a redemption cancellation fee. 
 
 If the member meets the redemption requirements at the expiration of the five-year redemption period, the Bank will pay to the member in cash the par value of all shares requested to be redeemed, subject to the limitations on redemption discussed below. 
 
 Repurchases and Redemptions upon Termination of Membership 
 
 If a member s membership is terminated, whether voluntarily, involuntarily, or through merger or relocation, the Class B stock generally will be subject to a five-year redemption period. 
 
 Limitations on Redemptions and Repurchases 
 
 The Bank s authority to redeem or repurchase Class B stock is subject to a number of limitations. Specifically, the Bank will not redeem or repurchase Class B stock if, following the redemption or repurchase, the Bank would fail to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirement or the affected member would fail to meet its minimum stock requirement. Also, the Bank may not redeem or repurchase any Class B stock without the prior written approval of the Finance Agency, if the Finance Agency or the Bank s board of directors has determined that the Bank has incurred, or is likely to incur, losses that result in, or are likely to result in, charges against capital creating an other-than-temporary decline in the Bank s total capital that causes the value of the Bank s total capital to fall below the Bank s aggregate amount of Class B stock. This prohibition will apply even if the Bank is in compliance with its capital requirements and will remain in effect for however long the Bank continues to incur such charges or until the Finance Agency determines that such charges are not expected to continue. 
 
 The Bank s board of directors, or a committee thereof, temporarily may suspend redemptions and repurchases of Class B stock if it reasonably believes that such continued redemption or repurchase of Class B stock would result in one of the following 
 
 Cause the Bank to fail to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirement 
 
 Prevent the Bank from maintaining adequate capital against a potential risk that may not be adequately reflected in its minimum regulatory capital requirement or 
 
 Otherwise prevent the Bank from operating in a safe and sound manner. 
 
 The Bank must notify the Finance Agency of any determination to suspend redemptions. The Bank will not repurchase any Class B stock without prior written approval of the Finance Agency during the period that redemptions are suspended under this provision. 
 
 The Bank may not redeem or repurchase shares of Class B stock from any member if the principal and interest due on any consolidated obligation issued through the Office of Finance has not been paid in full, or, under certain circumstances, if the Bank becomes a non complying FHLBank under Finance Agency regulations as a result of its inability to comply with regulatory liquidity requirements or to satisfy its current obligations. 

4 of 6 

In addition, on any day that the sum of all repurchases of excess stock equals or exceeds an amount that would cause the Bank to fall below its minimum regulatory capital requirements, the Bank will suspend repurchase activities until either it can honor those repurchases in full or the board of directors establishes pro rata repurchase procedures. 
 
 Pursuant to Amended Joint Capital Enhancement Agreement by and among each of the FHLBanks and the respective Bank s Capital Plan provisions related to retained earnings enhancements, the Bank is required to hold an amount of restricted retained earnings. Redemptions and repurchases of Class B stock are prohibited in the event the Bank s total capital, defined as retained earnings, the amount paid-in for capital stock, the amount of any general allowance for losses, and the amount of other instruments that the Finance Agency has determined to be available to absorb losses incurred by the Bank, falls below the Bank s aggregate paid-in amount of capital stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The members are entitled to vote only in connection with the election of directors in accordance with the FHLBank Act and Finance Agency regulations. Voting rights in regard to the election of directors are set forth at 12 C.F.R. Section 1261. The Bank calculates annually each member s minimum stock requirement for purposes of determining its voting shares based on the member s total assets, outstanding activity, acquired member assets, and targeted debt equity investments carried on the Bank s balance sheet on the preceding December 31, which is the record date for such determination. Each member is eligible to vote for all open elective director seats in the state in which its principal place of business is located. Each member is entitled to cast one vote for each share of Class B stock that the member was required to hold as of the record date in each election for each open elective director seat in the state in which the member s principal place of business is located. In cases in which there are multiple directorships to be filled for a voting state, a member may not aggregate all of its available votes for a single candidate. In a single directorship election, a member may not split its votes between director candidates but must cast all of its votes available election for a single candidate. The number of votes that each member may cast for each directorship may not exceed the average number of shares of Class B stock required to be held as of the record date by all members located in that state. For example, if a member holds 100 shares of Class B stock, but the average number of shares of Class B stock held by all members in such member s state of residence is 75 shares, the member may vote only 75 shares in each open elective director seat election in the state in which its principal place of business is located. Excess stock is not required stock and thus is not counted in determining the number of votes that a member may cast. A former member that was a member as of the record date is entitled to vote in the election of directors in accordance with the FHLBank Act and regulations. There are no voting preferences associated with any class or subclass of Class B stock. 
 
 Classification of Board of Directors Cumulative Voting 
 
 Each member of the Bank s board of directors serves a four-year term, and the Board s terms are staggered. There are no classes of directors, and there is no cumulative voting. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Subject to the authority of the Finance Agency, in the event of liquidation of the Bank, after making provision for the payment of the Bank s liabilities, the Bank will pay each member the par value of its Class B stock. However, if sufficient funds are not available to make payment for all of the Class B stock outstanding, payment will occur on a pro rata basis among the holders of Class B stock in proportion to the number of shares of Class B stock owned by each. In addition, upon liquidation, any undistributed retained earnings, paid-in surplus, undivided profits, equity reserves, and other assets not otherwise identified will be allocated in the same manner. In the event that the Bank merges with or consolidates into another FHLBank, the holders of Class B stock are entitled to the 
 
 5 of 6 

rights and benefits set forth in the agreement of merger or consolidation approved by the board of directors and the Finance Agency. None of the shares of Class B stock has any right of preference in liquidation. 
 
 Preemptive Rights 
 
 Members are not entitled to any preemptive rights. 
 
 Restrictions on Transfer 
 
 The Capital Plan prohibits transfers of Class B stock between members or any other parties except in connection with a merger or consolidation with another institution. Any such transfer will be at par value. 
 
 Amendment to the Capital Plan 
 
 Both the Bank s board of directors and the Finance Agency must approve any amendment to the Capital Plan. Members consent is not required to amend the Capital Plan. The Bank will provide written notice to members at least five business days prior to the effective date of any amendment. 
 
 6 of 6 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 fhlb-atl10xk2022ex107.htm
 2023 DIRECTORS COMPENSATION POLICY

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 

Department 
 Corporate Secretary 
 Name of Policy 
 2023 Directors Compensation Policy 
 Department Policy Number 
 1 
 Effective Date 
 January 1, 2023 
 Supersedes Revisions 
 January 1, 2022 
 Authority to Approve and Amend 
 Board of Directors 
 Next Review Date 
 December 2023 
 Department Policy Owner 
 Corporate Secretary 

This policy is designed to set forth expectations for attendance by members of the board of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (Bank) at meetings of the board (including eight scheduled board meetings in 2023) and board committees and to ensure that each director is reasonably compensated for the time required of him or her in the performance of official Bank business. 
 
 A. Director Compensation 
 
 1. Effective January 1, 2023, the following annual compensation limits shall apply 
 
 a) Chair of the Board 150,000 
 b) Vice Chair of the Board 135,000 
 c) Chair of the Audit Committee 130,000 
 d) Other Committees Chairs (excluding Audit and Executive) 125,000 
 e) All Other Directors 115,000 

2. Each director shall have the opportunity to be paid an amount equal to approximately one- seventh of such director s annual limit for actual attendance at each scheduled in-person board meeting and board committee meetings, as further described in Section B. The seventh payment opportunity shall be subject to adjustment as further described in Section 
 C. If a director serves in multiple roles, the director will have the opportunity to be paid up to the annual compensation limit for the highest compensated position held by the director. For example, if the Vice Chair of the board also serves as a committee chair, the Vice Chair s compensation limit would be 135,000. 
 
 3. In determining the above director compensation levels, the board considered a comparative compensation study prepared by a third party with expertise in compensation matters, the compensation of directors of other Federal Home Loan Banks in 2022, including median compensation and the provision for payment of certain expenses described in Sections D.3. The board established the above director compensation levels after evaluating the foregoing 
 Page 1 of 4 

data and considering the time that directors are expected to devote to Bank business and the need to ensure the Bank s future ability to attract qualified directors. The compensation levels reflect the board s assessment of appropriate and comparable pay that will allow the Bank to recruit and retain highly qualified directors and compensate them for the time required in performing their duties. 

B. Attendance 
 
 1. Each director is strongly encouraged to attend all meetings of the board and board committees on which the director serves, and is expected to attend no less than 75 percent of all such meetings each year. 
 
 2. The Bank will pay a fee only for a director s actual attendance at no less than 75 percent of the board meetings (including scheduled board meetings, new director orientation, joint meetings of the Affordable Housing Advisory Council and board or committee, board strategy sessions, and board meetings held remotely) and meetings of each committee of the board (including any ad hoc committee established by the board for a specific purpose) on which the director serves during each interim period, as identified below. In the event two or more committees on which a director serves are scheduled to meet concurrently, only one committee meeting will be required for the purpose of calculating the director s attendance. Interested directors are not required to attend board or committee meetings that are devoted exclusively to director election matters. As ex officio members of all committees, the Chair and Vice Chair of the board are encouraged, but not required, to attend committee meetings held remotely and unscheduled committee meetings (meetings added after the 2023 board and committee meeting schedule is approved by the board). 
 
 3. The first interim period shall begin on December 12, 2022 and end on the last day of the first scheduled in-person board meeting for 2023. Each successive interim period shall begin on the calendar day immediately following a scheduled board meeting through and including the day of the next scheduled board meeting, with the seventh interim period ending on December 10, 2023 after the seventh scheduled in-person board meeting, as follows 
 
 Interim Period 
 Start Date 
 End Date 
 First December 12, 2022 
 January 26, 2023 
 Second January 27, 2023 
 April 27, 2023 
 Third April 28, 2023 
 May 26, 2023 
 Fourth May 27, 2023 
 July 27, 2023 
 Fifth July 28, 2023 
 September 24, 2023 
 Sixth September 25, 2023 
 October 26, 2023 
 Seventh October 27, 2023 
 December 10, 2023 

The foregoing start and end dates will be adjusted to correspond to any changes in the board meeting schedule. 
 
 4. Remote participation for in-person meetings is discouraged unless necessary to attain a quorum or the Chair determines that circumstances warrant such manner of participation. 
 Page 2 of 4 

The Bank will not pay a separate fee for a director s attendance at meetings other than those described above. 
 
 5. The Bank will not advance the payment of fees to any director. 
 
 C. Performance 
 
 1. Compensation paid to directors must reflect the time required of them in the performance of official Bank business. The time required will be measured principally by attendance and participation at board and board committee meetings, as described above, and secondarily by performance of other duties. These other duties include time spent (a) preparing for board meetings (b) chairing meetings as appropriate (c) reviewing materials sent to directors on a periodic basis (d) attending other related events such as management conferences, FHLBank System meetings, and director training and (e) fulfilling the responsibilities of directors. 
 
 2. Before the seventh payment is made, the Governance and Compensation Committee (GCC) shall review the cumulative attendance and performance of each director during 2023 and, in consultation with the Chair, recommend to the board a reduction, elimination or increase in the final payment opportunity. No increase shall exceed the applicable compensation limit. In the event a director serves on the board for only a portion of a calendar year, the final payment for such director shall be subject to the same cumulative attendance and performance review through the director s final date of service. 
 
 D. Expenses 
 
 1. In accordance with the Bank s normal reimbursement policy, the Bank will reimburse a director s travel expenses and any registration fees incurred in connection with attendance at any board or board committee meeting, the Council of FHLBanks directors conference, PricewaterhouseCoopers audit committee conference, any seminar or event specifically identified in the director education plan, any meeting or event that Bank management invites a director to attend in order to engage with shareholders or otherwise to represent the Bank s interests, and provided the director is the Bank s designated representative, meetings of the FHLBank Chairs Vice Chairs and Council of FHLBanks board of representatives. Please consult the Bank s Travel and Entertainment Policy for a more detailed explanation regarding expense reimbursement. 
 
 2. The Bank will reimburse a director s registration fees and travel expenses incurred in connection with any other meeting, hearing, ceremony, continuing education seminar, or other event only if the Chair determines that the meeting is relevant to the Bank s business activities or the director s duties as a board member and the director attends the meeting at the request of, or with the approval of, the Chair. The Vice Chair shall approve all such fees and expenses for the Chair. These amounts will be reimbursable to the extent provided for such purpose in the Bank s annual budget and in accordance with the Bank s Travel and Entertainment Policy. The Bank will not pay a fee for a director s participation in these types of activities, and in accordance with 12 C.F.R. Part 1261, the Bank will not reimburse directors for entertainment expenses at these events. 
 Page 3 of 4 

3. The Bank may provide directors other limited benefits and limited travel perquisites as specified in advance by the Bank. 
 
 4. Amounts paid by the Bank for any of the foregoing director or guest expenses will be reported as compensation to the director to the extent of and in compliance with applicable Internal Revenue Service laws and regulations and such expenses are in addition to the compensation limits identified in Section A above. Therefore, a director s total annual compensation limit shall consist of (1) annual compensation set forth in Section A above and (2) payment for other items set forth in Sections D.3 above. 
 Page 4 of 4 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 fhlb-atl10xk2022ex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Kirk R. Malmberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Kirk R. Malmberg Kirk R. Malmberg President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 fhlb-atl10xk2022ex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF THE EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Haig H. Kazazian III, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Haig H. Kazazian III Haig H. Kazazian III Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 fhlb-atl10xk2022ex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the Registrant for the period ended December 31, 2022 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Kirk R. Malmberg, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, and Haig H. Kazazian III, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date March 10, 2023 s Kirk R. Malmberg Kirk R. Malmberg President and Chief Executive Officer Date March 10, 2023 s Haig H. Kazazian III Haig H. Kazazian III Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 fhlb-atl10xk2022ex991.htm
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

Audit Committee Report 
 March 10, 2023 
 The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee Charter is available on the governance section of the investor relations page of the Bank s website at http www.fhlbatl.com . 
 The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee management s implementation of the Bank's financial reporting process and the audits of the Bank s financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. 
 The Bank s management is responsible for preparing the Bank's financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and applicable laws and regulations, establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting, and evaluating the effectiveness of such internal controls over financial reporting. The Bank s independent registered public accounting firm (independent auditor) is responsible for auditing the Bank's financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and the U.S. Government Accountability Office, and for expressing an opinion on the conformity of the financial statements with such standards. The Bank s independent auditor is also responsible for auditing the Bank s internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with such standards and for expressing an opinion on the Bank s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee management's implementation of the Bank s financial reporting process and the audits of the Bank s financial statements and its internal controls over financial reporting. In this regard, the Audit Committee meets periodically with management and the Bank s internal auditor and independent auditor. The Audit Committee discusses with the Bank s internal auditor and the independent auditor the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The Audit Committee meets with the Bank s internal auditor and the independent auditor, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of the Bank's internal controls, and the overall quality of the Bank's financial reporting. The Audit Committee reviews significant audit findings, if any, together with management's responses thereto. 
 The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the Bank s independent auditor. As part of fulfilling this responsibility, the Audit Committee engages in an annual evaluation of, among other things, the independent auditor s qualifications, competence, integrity, expertise, 

performance, independence and communications with the Audit Committee, and whether such firm should be retained for the upcoming year's audit. 
 The Bank is one of 11 district Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBanks) that, together with the Federal Home Loan Banks Office of Finance (Office of Finance), comprise the Federal Home Loan Bank System (FHLBank System). Each FHLBank operates as a separate entity with its own management, employees and board of directors, and each is regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency. The Office of Finance has responsibility for the issuance of consolidated obligations on behalf of the FHLBanks, and for publishing combined financial reports of the FHLBanks. Accordingly, the FHLBank System has determined that it is optimal to have the same independent registered public accounting firm to coordinate and perform the separate audits of the Office of Finance and annual financial statements of each FHLBank and the Office of Finance s annual combined financial report. The FHLBanks and Office of Finance cooperate in selecting and evaluating the performance of the independent auditor, but the responsibility for the appointment of and oversight of the independent auditor remains solely with the audit committees of each FHLBank and the Office of Finance. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) has been the independent auditor for the FHLBank System and the Bank since 1990. In connection with the appointment of the Bank s independent auditor, the Audit Committee s evaluation included consultation with the audit committees of the other FHLBanks and the Office of Finance. Specific considerations included 
 an analysis of the risks and benefits of retaining the same firm as independent auditor versus engaging a different firm, including consideration of 
 PwC s engagement audit partner, engagement quality review partner and audit team rotation 
 PwC s tenure as the Bank s and the FHLBank System s independent auditor 
 benefits associated with engaging a different firm as independent auditor and 
 potential disruption and risks associated with changing the Bank s independent auditor. 
 the firm s depth and breadth of understanding of the Bank's business, operations, and accounting policies and practices 
 PwC s historical and recent performance on the Bank s audit, including the results of an internal survey of PwC service and quality 
 an analysis of PwC s known legal risks and significant proceedings 
 external data relating to audit quality and performance, including recent PCAOB audit quality inspection reports on PwC and its peer firms and 
 the appropriateness of PwC s fees, on both an absolute basis and as compared to its peer firms. 
 Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of the Bank s annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting and reviews of the Bank s quarterly financial statements, regulatory filings, consents and other SEC matters. The Audit Committee has reviewed and approved the fees paid to the independent auditor for audit, audit-related and other services, and has determined that PwC is independent. 

In its oversight role, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the Bank s audited financial statements and its internal controls over financial reporting with management and with PwC as the Bank s independent auditor for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management and PwC indicated that the Bank s financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 were fairly stated in accordance with GAAP and that the Bank s internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. The Audit Committee discussed with PwC and management the significant accounting policies used and significant estimates made by management in the preparation of the Bank s audited financial statements, and the overall quality of the Bank s financial statements and management's financial reporting process. The Audit Committee and PwC also discussed any issues deemed significant by PwC or the Audit Committee, including the matters required to be discussed pursuant to PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301 Communications with Audit Committees, the rules of the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC), and other applicable regulations. 
 PwC has provided to the Audit Committee written disclosures and the letter required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditor's communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and the Audit Committee discussed with PwC the firm s independence. 
 
 Based on its review of the audited financial statements and the various discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Bank s audited financial statements be included in the Bank s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for filing with the SEC. 
 
 Submitted by the Audit Committee, 
 
 INCUMBENT AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS 
 William C. Handorf, Chair 
 William L. Lusk, Vice Chair 
 Eduardo Arriola 
 Suzanne S. DeFerie 
 R. Thornwell Dunlap, III 
 Edwina L. Payne 
 Kim D. Saunders 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fhlba-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fhlba-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fhlba-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fhlba-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fhlba-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

