<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_351569_0000351569-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31573558</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>470403</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5882259</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12628214</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6053022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5907491</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000351569-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228163644
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000351569-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		157
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ameris Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000351569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				581456434
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13901
		FILM NUMBER:		23686164

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3490 PIEDMONT RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1550
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4046396500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3490 PIEDMONT RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1550
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABC BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABC HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000351569-23-000005.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 abcb-20221231.htm
 10-K

abcb-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 , or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of incorporation) (IRS Employer ID No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was approximately billion. 
 As of February 17, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 1.00 par value per share. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AMERIS BANCORP 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 58 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 58 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 59 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 59 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 59 

2 

CAUTIONARY NOTE 
 REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as may, might, will, would, should, could, expect, plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, probable, potential, possible, target, continue, look forward, or assume, and words of similar import. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead express only management s beliefs regarding future results or events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of management s control. It is possible that actual results and events may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results or events indicated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. 
 
 You should understand that important factors, including, but not limited to, the following, in addition to those described in Part I, Item 1A., Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report, as well as in the documents which are incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements: 
 
 the effects of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities and interest-sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 
 the effects of future economic, business and market conditions and changes, including seasonality; 
 
 legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws, regulations and policies and their application by our regulators; 
 
 changes in accounting rules, practices and interpretations; 
 
 changes in borrower credit risks and payment behaviors; 
 
 changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; 
 
 changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; 
 
 the effects of concentrations in our loan portfolio; 
 
 our ability to resolve nonperforming assets; 
 
 the failure of assumptions and estimates underlying the establishment of reserves for possible credit losses and other estimates and valuations; 
 
 changes in technology or products that may be more difficult, costly or less effective than anticipated; 
 
 the risks of any acquisitions, mergers or divestitures which we may undertake in the future, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth, expense savings and/or other results from such transactions; 
 
 the transition away from the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") toward a new interest rate benchmark and the ability to successfully implement any new interest rate benchmark; 
 
 the effects of hurricanes, floods, tornados or other natural disasters, geopolitical events, acts of war or terrorism or other hostilities, public health crises, pandemics or other catastrophic events beyond our control; and 
 
 adverse effects due to COVID-19 on us, including our business, financial position, liquidity and results of operations, and on our customers, employees and business partners. 
 
 3 

Our management believes the forward-looking statements about us are reasonable. However, you should not place undue reliance on them. Any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those contemplated by those forward-looking statements, and such differences may be material. Many of the factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. We disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section. 
 
 4 

PART I 
 
 As used in this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our, Ameris and the Company refer to Ameris Bancorp and its subsidiaries (unless the context indicates another meaning). 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a financial holding company whose business is conducted primarily through our wholly owned banking subsidiary, Ameris Bank (the Bank ), which provides a full range of banking services to its retail and commercial customers who are primarily concentrated in select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. The Company s executive office is located at 3490 Piedmont Road N.E., Suite 1550, Atlanta, Georgia 30305, our telephone number is (404) 639-6500 and our internet address is www.amerisbank.com. We operate 164 full-service domestic banking offices. We do not operate in any foreign countries. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 25.05 billion in total assets, 20.25 billion in total loans, 19.46 billion in total deposits and 3.20 billion of shareholders equity. Our deposits are insured, up to applicable limits, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). 
 
 We make our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act available free of charge on our website at www.amerisbank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with the SEC. These reports are also available without charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 The Parent Company 
 
 Our primary business as a bank holding company is to manage the business and affairs of the Bank. As a bank holding company, we perform certain shareholder and investor relations functions and seek to provide financial support, if necessary, to the Bank. 
 
 Ameris Bank 
 
 Our principal subsidiary is the Bank, which is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia and operates branches primarily concentrated in select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. These branches serve distinct communities in our business areas with autonomy but do so as one bank, leveraging our favorable geographic footprint in an effort to acquire more customers. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 We seek to increase our presence and grow the Ameris brand in the markets that we currently serve in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina and in neighboring communities that present attractive opportunities for expansion. Management has pursued this objective through an acquisition-oriented growth strategy and a prudent operating strategy. Our community banking philosophy emphasizes personalized service and building broad and deep customer relationships, which has historically provided us with a substantial base of low cost core deposits. Our markets are managed by senior level, experienced decision makers in a decentralized structure that differentiates us from our larger competitors. Management believes that this structure, along with involvement in and knowledge of our local markets, will continue to provide growth and assist in managing risk throughout our Company. 
 
 We have maintained our focus on a long-term strategy of expanding and diversifying our franchise in terms of revenues, profitability and asset size. Our growth over the past several years has been enhanced significantly through both organic growth and acquisitions. We expect to continue to enhance our franchise through prudent acquisition activity when appropriate opportunities arise, and we intend to continue to prioritize organic growth in our business lines as well. 
 
 Our most recent bank acquisition was of Fidelity Southern Corporation ("Fidelity"), which was completed in July 2019 and which added 4.0 billion in deposits. In addition, in December 2021, the Bank acquired Balboa Capital Corporation ("Balboa"), a point of sale and direct online provider of lending solutions to small and mid-sized businesses nationwide. 
 
 5 

BANKING SERVICES 
 
 Lending Activities 
 
 General . The Company maintains a diversified loan portfolio by providing a broad range of commercial and retail lending services to business entities and individuals. We provide agricultural loans, commercial business loans, commercial and residential real estate construction and mortgage loans, consumer loans, revolving lines of credit and letters of credit. The Company also originates first mortgage residential mortgage loans and generally enters into a commitment to sell these loans in the secondary market. We have not made or participated in foreign, energy-related or subprime loans. In addition, the Company does not regularly buy loan participations or portions of national credits but from time to time, may acquire balances subject to participation agreements through acquisition. Approximately 1 of the Company s loan portfolio was loan participations purchased at December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio totaled approximately 20.25 billion, representing approximately 80.8 of our total assets. For additional discussion of our loan portfolio, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Loans. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans. This portion of our loan portfolio has grown significantly over the past few years and represents the largest segment of our loan portfolio. Commercial and farmland real estate loans include loans secured by owner-occupied commercial buildings for office, storage, retail, farmland and warehouse space. They also include non-owner occupied commercial buildings such as leased retail and office space. These loans also include extensions for the acquisition, development or construction of commercial properties. The loans are underwritten with an emphasis on the viability of the project, the borrower s ability to meet certain minimum debt service requirements and an analysis and review of the collateral and guarantors, if any. 
 
 Residential Real Estate Mortgage Loans. Ameris originates adjustable and fixed-rate residential mortgage loans. These mortgage loans are generally originated under terms and conditions consistent with secondary market guidelines. Some of these loans will be placed in the Company s loan portfolio; however, a majority are sold in the secondary market. The residential real estate mortgage loans that are included in the Company s loan portfolio are usually owner-occupied and generally amortized over a 20- to 30-year period with three- to five-year maturity or repricing. 
 
 Agricultural Loans. Our agricultural loans are extended to finance crop production, the purchase of farm-related equipment or farmland and the operations of dairies, poultry producers, livestock producers and timber growers. Agricultural loans typically involve seasonal balance fluctuations. Although we typically look to an agricultural borrower s cash flow as the principal source of repayment, agricultural loans are also generally secured by a security interest in the crops or the farm-related equipment and, in some cases, an assignment of crop insurance and mortgage on real estate. The lending officer visits the borrower regularly during the growing season and re-evaluates the loan in light of the borrower s updated cash flow projections. A portion of our agricultural loans is guaranteed by the Farm Service Agency Guaranteed Loan Program. 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans. Generally, commercial and industrial loans consist of loans made primarily to manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers of goods, service companies, municipalities and other industries. These loans are made for acquisition, expansion, working capital and equipment financing and may be secured by accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, personal guarantees or other assets. The Company monitors these loans by requesting submission of corporate and personal financial statements and income tax returns. The Company has also generated loans which are guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ). SBA loans are generally underwritten in the same manner as conventional loans generated for the Bank s portfolio. Periodically, a portion of the loans that are secured by the guaranty of the SBA will be sold in the secondary market. Management believes that making such loans helps the local community and also provides Ameris with a source of income and solid future lending relationships as such businesses grow and prosper. During 2021 and 2020, the Company participated in the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program (the "PPP"), a temporary product under the SBA's 7(a) loan program created under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act"). The primary repayment risk for commercial loans is the failure of the business due to economic or financial factors. The Company also originates, administers and services commercial insurance premium finance loans made to borrowers throughout the United States. 
 
 Consumer Loans. Our consumer loans include home improvement, home equity, motor vehicle, loans secured by savings accounts and personal credit lines. The terms of these loans typically range from 12 to 240 months and vary based upon the nature of collateral and size of the loan. These loans are generally secured by various assets owned by the consumer. 
 
 6 

Credit Administration 
 
 We have sought to maintain a comprehensive lending policy that meets the credit needs of each of the communities served by the Bank, including low and moderate-income customers, and to employ lending procedures and policies consistent with this approach. All loans are subject to our corporate loan policy and financing guide, which are reviewed annually and updated as needed. Our lending policy requires, among other things, an analysis of the borrower's projected cash flow and ability to service the debt. The loan policy provides that lending officers have sole authority to approve loans of various amounts commensurate with their seniority, experience and needs within the market. Our local market presidents have discretion to approve loans in varying principal amounts up to established limits, and our regional credit officers review and approve loans that exceed such limits. 
 
 Individual lending authority is assigned by the Company s Chief Credit Officer, as is the maximum limit of new extensions of credit that may be approved in each market. These approval limits are reviewed annually by the Company and adjusted as needed. All requests for extensions of credit in excess of any of these limits are reviewed by one of seven regional credit officers. When the request for approval exceeds the authority level of the regional credit officer, the approval of the Company s Chief Credit Officer and/or the Company s loan committee is required. All new loans or modifications to existing loans in excess of 500,000 are reviewed monthly by the Company s Credit Administration Department with the lender responsible for the credit. In addition, our ongoing loan review program subjects the portfolio to sampling and objective review by our ongoing internal loan review process which is independent of the originating loan officer. 
 
 Each lending officer has authority to make loans only in the market area in which his or her Bank office is located and its contiguous counties. Occasionally, our loan committee will approve making a loan outside of the market areas of the Bank, provided the Bank has a prior relationship with the borrower. Our lending policy requires analysis of the borrower s projected cash flow and ability to service the debt. 
 
 The Bank has purchased loans outside of its market area. These include residential mortgage loan pools collateralized by properties located outside our Southeast markets, specifically in California, Washington and Illinois, consumer installment home improvement loans made to borrowers throughout the United States and commercial insurance premium finance loans made to borrowers throughout the United States. These purchases were reviewed and approved by the Company's loan committee. 
 
 We actively market our services to qualified lending customers in both the commercial and consumer sectors. Our commercial lending officers actively solicit the business of new companies entering the market as well as longstanding members of that market s business community. Through personalized professional service and competitive pricing, we have been successful in attracting new commercial lending customers. At the same time, we actively advertise our consumer loan products and continually seek to make our lending officers more accessible. 
 
 The Bank continually monitors its loan portfolio to identify areas of concern and to enable management to take corrective action when necessary. Local market presidents and lending officers meet periodically to review all past due loans, the status of large loans and certain other credit or economic related matters. Individual lending officers are responsible for collection of past due amounts and monitoring any changes in the financial status of the borrowers. Loans that are serviced by others, such as certain residential mortgage loans and consumer installment home improvement loans, are monitored by the Company s credit officers, although ultimate collection of past due amounts is the responsibility of the servicing agents. 
 
 Investment Activities 
 
 Our investment policy is designed to maximize income from funds not needed to meet loan demand in a manner consistent with appropriate liquidity and risk management objectives. Under this policy, our Company may invest in U.S. Treasury obligations, securities issued by U.S. government-sponsored agencies, state and municipal obligations, mortgage-backed securities, corporate obligations, securities and satisfactorily-rated trust preferred obligations. Investments in our portfolio must satisfy certain quality criteria. Our Company s investments must be investment-grade as determined by a nationally recognized investment rating service. Investment securities where the Company has determined a certain level of credit risk are periodically reviewed to determine the financial condition of the issuer and to support the Company s decision to continue holding the security. Our Company may purchase non-rated municipal bonds only if the issuer of such bonds is located in the Company s general market area and such bonds are determined by the Company to have a credit risk no greater than the minimum ratings referred to above. Traditionally, the Company has purchased and held investment securities with very high levels of credit quality, favoring investments backed by direct or indirect guarantees of the U.S. government. 
 
 7 

While our asset/liability management policy permits our Company to trade securities to improve the quality of yields or marketability or to realign the composition of the portfolio, the Bank historically has not done so to any significant extent. 
 
 Our ALCO committee implements the investment policy and portfolio strategies and monitors the portfolio. Reports on all purchases, sales, net profits or losses and market appreciation or depreciation of the bond portfolio are reviewed by our Board of Directors each quarter. The written investment policy is reviewed annually by the Company s Board of Directors and updated as needed. 
 
 The Company s securities are held in safekeeping accounts at approved correspondent banks 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The Company provides a full range of deposit accounts and services to both retail and commercial customers. These deposit accounts have a variety of interest rates and terms and consist of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing accounts, including commercial and retail checking accounts, regular interest-bearing savings accounts, money market accounts, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit. Our Bank obtains most of its deposits from individuals and businesses in its market areas. 
 
 Brokered deposits are deposits obtained by utilizing an outside broker that is paid a fee. The Bank utilizes brokered deposits to accomplish several purposes, such as (i) acquiring a certain maturity and dollar amount without repricing the Bank s current customers which could increase or decrease the overall cost of deposits and (ii) acquiring certain maturities and dollar amounts to help manage interest rate risk. 
 
 Other Funding Sources 
 
 The Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB allows the Company to obtain advances through its credit program. These advances are secured by securities owned by the Company and held in safekeeping by the FHLB, FHLB stock owned by the Company and certain qualifying loans secured by real estate, including residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit and commercial real estate loans. The Company maintains credit arrangements with various other financial institutions to purchase federal funds. The Company participates in the Federal Reserve discount window borrowings program. 
 
 On September 28, 2020, the Company completed the public offering and sale of 110.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.875 Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030. The subordinated notes were sold to the public at par. The subordinated notes will mature on October 1, 2030 and through September 30, 2025 will bear a fixed rate of interest of 3.875 per annum. Beginning October 1, 2025, the interest rate on the subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus 3.753 . 
 
 On December 6, 2019, the Company completed the public offering and sale of 120.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 4.25 Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029. The subordinated notes were sold to the public at par. The subordinated notes will mature on December 15, 2029 and through December 14, 2024 will bear a fixed rate of interest of 4.25 per annum. Beginning December 15, 2024, the interest rate on the subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus 2.94 . 
 
 On March 13, 2017, the Company completed the public offering and sale of 75.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.75 Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2027. The subordinated notes were sold to the public at par. The subordinated notes will mature on March 15, 2027 and through March 14, 2022 bore a fixed rate of interest of 5.75 per annum. Beginning March 15, 2022, the interest rate on the subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR plus 3.616 . In February 2023, the Company notified holders of its 5.75 Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2027 that the notes would be redeemed in full at the March 15, 2023 interest payment date. 
 
 The Company has long-term subordinated deferrable interest debentures with a net book carrying value of 128.3 million as of December 31, 2022. The majority of these trust preferred securities were assumed as liabilities in previous whole bank acquisitions. 
 
 The Company also enters into repurchase agreements. These repurchase agreements are treated as short-term borrowings and are reflected on the Company s balance sheet as such. 
 
 8 

MARKET AREAS AND COMPETITION 
 
 The banking industry in general, and in the southeastern United States specifically, is highly competitive and dramatic changes continue to occur throughout the industry. While our select market areas in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina have experienced strong population growth in recent decades, intense market demands, national and local economic pressures, including a rising interest rate environment, and increased customer awareness of product and service differences among financial institutions have forced banks to diversify their services and become much more cost effective. Over the past few years, our Bank has faced strong competition in attracting deposits at profitable levels. Competition for deposits comes from other commercial banks, thrift institutions, savings banks, internet banks, credit unions, and brokerage and investment banking firms. Interest rates, online banking capabilities, convenience of office locations and marketing are all significant factors in our Bank s competition for deposits. 
 
 Competition for loans comes from other commercial banks, thrift institutions, savings banks, insurance companies, consumer finance companies, credit unions, mortgage companies, leasing companies and other institutional and non-traditional lenders. In order to remain competitive, our Bank has varied interest rates and loan fees to some degree as well as increased the number and complexity of services provided. We have not varied or altered our underwriting standards in any material respect in response to competitor willingness to do so and in some markets have not been able to experience the growth in loans that we would have preferred. Competition is affected by the general availability of lendable funds, general and local economic conditions, current interest rate levels and other factors that are not readily predictable. 
 
 Competition among providers of financial products and services continues to increase with consumers having the opportunity to select from a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives, including FinTech firms. While technological innovation has been central to the development of the financial services industry and to our strategy, tech firms increasingly compete directly with banks for a variety of financial product offerings. Management expects that competition will become more intense in the future due to changes in state and federal laws and regulations and the entry of additional bank and nonbank competitors. Further, the industry continues to consolidate, which affects competition by eliminating some regional and local institutions, while strengthening the franchise of acquirers. See Supervision and Regulation under this Item. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 At Ameris, we consider our teammates to be our greatest strength. At December 31, 2022, the Company employed 2,847 full-time-equivalent employees, primarily located in our core markets of Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. 
 
 We take pride in listening to our employees, welcoming unique perspectives, supporting personal and professional growth and developing natural strengths. For example, each year the Company administers an employee engagement survey to gather meaningful insights and data, which is used as we continue to make improvements at Ameris and build upon our strong culture. The input obtained from these surveys helps the Company s Board of Directors and executive officers to execute on initiatives such as the Ameris Bank Foundation, leadership training and diversity and inclusion initiatives. 
 
 Effective and frequent communication is critical to supporting our growing culture and teammate needs and is carried out through regular e-newsletters, executive announcements and bulletins, which provide access to information regarding Company news, alerts and updates, as well as educational opportunities and programs. 
 
 Support and Benefits 
 
 Providing employees with meaningful, competitive and supportive benefits to care for their lives and families is a top priority for the Company. We re proud to offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, paid time-off, 401(k) profit-sharing plan participation and an employee stock purchase plan. The Company s 401(k) plan matches 50 of each employee s elective deferral amount, up to the first 6 of the contribution. Beginning January 1, 2023, the Company's 401(k) Plan match increased to 50 of each employee s elective deferral amount, up to the first 8 of the contribution. 
 
 The Company s benefits programs also include access to a network of nearby providers with options for either in-person care or virtual visits at any time. Our behavioral health benefit offers support for such issues as alcohol and drug use recovery, medication management, coping with grief and loss, and depression, anxiety and stress management. 
 
 9 

Personal and Professional Growth 
 
 At Ameris, our leaders develop action plans and provide mentorship to help employees reach their aspirations. Our teammates are encouraged to share their goals and dreams, and we take pride in offering professional growth opportunities through our robust learning and development initiatives. 
 
 Mentorship at all levels is encouraged throughout our organization, as it supports our culture of learning and commitment to our teammates, new ideas and leadership development. Mentor Ameris is the Bank s formal mentorship program, whereby annually, high potential colleagues are identified as mentees and paired with a selected mentor at the Bank. A total of 26 mentees were selected to participate in the program in 2022, of which 40 were female and 28 were minorities. The program is a nine-month commitment that is designed to encourage a lifelong mentee-mentor relationship. 
 
 Launched at the end of 2020, our Leadership Development Program is a self-paced, three-tiered program available to all employees, with coursework specific to leading self, leading others and leading leaders. We believe that effective and meaningful leadership development will further elevate the Company and support us in continuing to attract and retain top talent. At the end of 2022, we had a total of 337 teammates who were enrolled in or completed the program, of which 72 were female and 34 were minorities. 
 
 The development of our employees skills and knowledge is critical to the success of the Company. Our educational assistance program, which provides for reimbursement of certain education expenses up to 5,250, encourages personal development through formal education, such as a degree, licensing or certification, so that teammates can maintain and improve their skills or knowledge related to their current job or foreseeable-future position at Ameris. The importance of having career development discussions and guidance with employees is shared and reinforced during manager training sessions as well, as the Company recognizes these discussions are critical to establishing pathways for career growth. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion represent an integral part of our strategic vision at Ameris. The Company is committed to fostering an equitable work environment that seeks to ensure fair treatment, equality of opportunity, and fairness in access to information and resources for all employees. We believe this is only possible in an environment built on respect and equal dignity, and we believe inclusion builds a culture of belonging by actively inviting the contribution and participation of all people. 
 
 As part of that commitment, the Bank appointed its first Diversity and Inclusion Officer in 2020 and established a Diversity Task Force comprised of a diverse group of 19 teammates from across the Company. This group is dedicated to cultivating an environment that supports our strategy to engage, recruit, develop, retain and advance a diverse team of talent, inclusively and equitably. Leaders from this group have established employee resource groups which are meant to bring teammates together from across the Company and offer strong networking opportunities and a forum to listen and to discuss and sponsor programs, activities and empowering resources that foster diversity and inclusion education and awareness. Employee resource groups currently include women in banking, LGBTQIA+, veterans, BIPOC (Black, Indigenous and People of Color), multigenerational, caregivers and mindfulness-mental health. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, females represent 66 of the Company s employee population, and minorities represent 31 . In addition, females represent 42 of the Company s senior management staff, consisting of Vice Presidents and above, and minorities represent 17 . 
 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 
 General 
 
 We are extensively regulated, supervised and examined under federal and state law. Generally, these laws and regulations are intended to protect our Bank s depositors, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF and the broader banking system, and not our shareholders. These laws and regulations cover all aspects of our business, including lending and collection practices, treatment of our customers, safeguarding deposits, customer privacy and information security, capital structure, liquidity, dividends and other capital distributions, and transactions with affiliates. Such laws and regulations directly and indirectly affect key drivers of our profitability, including, for example, capital and liquidity, product offerings, risk management and costs of compliance. In addition, changes to these laws and regulations, including as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations promulgated thereunder, have had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As a result, the extensive 
 10 

laws and regulations to which we are subject and with which we must comply significantly impact our earnings, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. 
 
 Set forth below is a summary of certain provisions of key federal and state laws that affect the regulation of bank holding companies and banks. The discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to applicable laws and regulations. Changes in such laws and regulations may have a material effect on our business and prospects. 
 
 Supervision and Examination Authorities 
 
 As a bank holding company and financial holding company, Ameris is subject to regulation, supervision and enforcement by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Our Bank has a Georgia state charter and is subject to regulation, supervision and enforcement by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance (the GDBF ). In addition, as a state non-member bank, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and enforcement by the FDIC as the Bank s primary federal regulator. The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the GDBF regularly examine the operations of the Company and the Bank and are given the authority to approve or disapprove mergers, consolidations, the establishment of branches and similar corporate actions. These agencies also have the power to prevent the continuance or development of unsafe or unsound banking practices or other violations of law. 
 
 In addition, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB") supervises the Bank with respect to consumer protection laws and regulations. 
 
 Federal Law Restrictions on the Company s Activities and Investments 
 
 As a registered bank holding company, we are subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act (the BHCA and to the supervision, examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. 
 
 The BHCA and its implementing regulations prohibit bank holding companies from engaging in certain transactions without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve, including (i) acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank or bank holding company, (ii) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of any bank and (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. In determining whether to approve such a transaction, the Federal Reserve is required to consider a variety of factors, including the competitive impact of the transaction; the financial condition, managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks involved; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the applicant s record of performance under the Community Reinvestment Act; and the effectiveness of the parties in combating money laundering activities. The Bank Merger Act imposes similar review and approval requirements in connection with acquisitions and mergers involving banks. Additionally, under the Change in Bank Control Act and the BHCA, a person or company that acquires control of a bank holding company or bank must obtain the non-objection or approval of the Federal Reserve in advance of the acquisition. For a publicly-traded bank holding company such as Ameris, control for purposes of the Change in Bank Control Act is presumed to exist if the acquirer will have 10 or more of any class of the company s voting securities. 
 
 The BHCA generally prohibits a bank holding company and its subsidiaries from engaging in, or acquiring control of a company engaged in, activities other than managing or controlling banks, activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be closely related to banking and certain other permissible nonbanking activities. However, a bank holding company that is qualified and has elected to be a financial holding company may engage in, or acquire control of a company engaged in, an expanded set of financial activities. Effective August 24, 2000, Ameris has elected to be a financial holding company. As such, we may engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to financial activities, including insurance underwriting, securities underwriting and dealing, and making merchant banking investments in commercial and financial companies, provided that we and the Bank continue to meet certain regulatory standards and comply with applicable regulatory notice requirements. If we or the Bank ceased to be well capitalized or well managed under applicable regulatory standards, or if the Bank received a rating of less than Satisfactory under the Community Reinvestment Act, our ability to conduct these broader financial activities would be limited. 
 
 A provision of the BHCA known as the Volcker Rule limits our and the Bank s ability to engage in proprietary trading i.e. , engaging as principal in any purchase or sale of one or more financial instruments) or to acquire or retain as principal any ownership interest in or sponsor a covered fund, including private equity and hedge funds. 
 
 11 

Source of Strength 
 
 As a bank holding company, we are expected to act as a source of financial strength for the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank. This support may be required at times when we might not be inclined to provide it. In addition, any capital loans made by us to the Bank will be repaid only after the Bank s deposits and various other obligations are repaid in full. 
 
 Payment of Dividends and Other Restrictions 
 
 Ameris is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. The principal source of our cash revenues is dividends from the Bank. Federal and state law limit the Bank s ability to pay dividends to Ameris. 
 
 Under Georgia law, the prior approval of the GDBF is required before any cash dividends may be paid by a state bank if: (i) total classified assets at the most recent examination of such bank exceed 80 of the bank s Tier 1 capital (plus allowance for loan losses); (ii) the aggregate amount of dividends declared or anticipated to be declared by the bank in the calendar year exceeds 50 of its net profits for the previous calendar year; or (iii) the ratio of the bank s Tier 1 capital to adjusted total assets is less than 6 . As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 186.5 million of retained earnings of our Bank available for payment of cash dividends under applicable regulations without obtaining regulatory approval. 
 
 Under federal law, the ability of an insured depository institution such as the Bank to pay dividends or other distributions is restricted or prohibited if (i) the institution would fail to satisfy the regulatory capital conservation buffer requirement following the distribution, (ii) the distribution would cause the institution to become undercapitalized or (iii) the institution is in default of its payment of deposit insurance assessments to the FDIC. In addition, the FDIC has the authority to prohibit the Bank from engaging in an unsafe or unsound banking practice. The payment of dividends could, depending upon the financial condition of the Bank, be deemed to constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting the Bank s business. 
 
 As a bank holding company, dividends paid by Ameris to its shareholders are subject to federal law limitations. The Federal Reserve has adopted the policy that a bank holding company should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the company s net income for the past year is sufficient to cover the cash dividends and that the company s rate of earning retention is consistent with the company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, a bank holding company is required to consult with or notify the Federal Reserve prior to purchasing or redeeming its outstanding equity securities in certain circumstances, including if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when aggregated with the net consideration paid by the company for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company's consolidated net worth. A bank holding company that is well-capitalized, well-managed and not the subject of any unresolved supervisory issues is exempt from this notice requirement. 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 
 Bank holding companies and banks are required to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios imposed under both federal and state law. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC, the primary regulators of Ameris and the Bank, respectively, have adopted substantially similar regulatory capital frameworks, which use both risk-based and leverage-based measures of capital adequacy. Under these frameworks, Ameris and the Bank must each maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6 , a total capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8 and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets of at least 4 . Ameris and the Bank are also required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets in addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 
 Under the capital rules, common equity Tier 1 capital generally includes certain common stock instruments (plus any related surplus), retained earnings and certain minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries (subject to certain limitations). Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes noncumulative perpetual preferred stock (plus any related surplus) and certain minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries (subject to certain limitations). Tier 2 capital generally includes certain subordinated debt (plus related surplus), certain minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries (subject to certain limitations) and a portion of the allowance for credit losses ACL ). Common equity tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital are each subject to various regulatory deductions and adjustments. In general, the risk-based capital standards are designed to make regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profile by risk weighting assets and off-balance-sheet exposures based on risk categories. 
 
 Failure to meet these capital requirements could subject Ameris and the Bank to a variety of enforcement actions, including the issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC and certain other restrictions on our business. 
 12 

In addition, under the FDIC s prompt corrective action framework, the FDIC may impose various restrictions, including limitations on growth and the payment of dividends, if the Bank becomes undercapitalized. Under this framework, the Bank is considered to be well capitalized if it has a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or greater and a leverage ratio of 5 or greater, and is not subject to any order or written directive by the appropriate regulatory authority to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act prohibits an insured bank from accepting brokered deposits or offering interest rates on any deposits significantly higher than the prevailing rate in the bank s normal market area or nationally (depending upon where the deposits are solicited) unless it is well-capitalized, or is adequately capitalized and has received a waiver from the FDIC. A bank that is adequately capitalized and that accepts brokered deposits under a waiver from the FDIC may not pay an interest rate on any deposit in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates. There are no such restrictions on a bank that is well-capitalized. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company exceeded its minimum capital requirements, inclusive of the capital conservation buffer, on a consolidated basis with common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital equal to 9.86 , 9.86 and 12.90 of its total risk-weighted assets, respectively, and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 9.36 . At December 31, 2022, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements, inclusive of the capital conservation buffer, with common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital equal to 11.12 , 11.12 and 12.28 of its total risk-weighted assets, respectively, and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.56 , and was well-capitalized for prompt corrective action purposes based on the ratios and guidelines described above. 
 
 Under a December 2018 final rule, banking organizations may elect to phase in the regulatory capital effects of the current expected credit losses CECL model, the new accounting standard for credit losses, over three years. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law and includes a provision that permits financial institutions to defer temporarily the use of CECL. In a related action, the joint federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule effective March 31, 2020 that allows banking organizations that implemented CECL in 2020 to elect to mitigate the effects of the CECL accounting standard on their regulatory capital for two years. This two-year delay is in addition to the three-year transition period that the agencies had already made available in December 2018. Ameris and the Bank elected to defer the regulatory capital effects of CECL in accordance with the interim final rule and not to apply the deferral of CECL available under the CARES Act. As a result, the effects of CECL on Ameris s and the Bank s regulatory capital were delayed through 2021 and now will be phased-in over a three-year period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. Under the March 31, 2020 interim final rule, the amount of adjustments to regulatory capital deferred until the phase-in period includes both the initial impact of a banking organization s adoption of CECL at January 1, 2020 and 25 of subsequent changes in its allowance for credit losses during each quarter of the two-year period ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders, Tying Arrangements and Lending Limits 
 
 The Bank is subject to certain restrictions in its dealings with Ameris and its affiliates. Transactions between banks and any affiliate are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. An affiliate of a bank typically is any company or entity that controls or is under common control with the bank, including the bank s parent holding company and non-bank subsidiaries of that holding company. Some but not all subsidiaries of a bank may be exempt from the definition of an affiliate. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B (i) limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of the bank s capital stock and surplus, and limit the aggregate of all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20 of such capital stock and surplus, and (ii) require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or subsidiary, as those that would be provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of a loan to an affiliate, the purchase of assets from an affiliate, the issuance of a guarantee on behalf of an affiliate and several other types of transactions. Extensions of credit to an affiliate usually must be over-collateralized. 
 
 Under section 22 of the Federal Reserve Act, as implemented by the Federal Reserve s Regulation O, restrictions also apply to extensions of credit by a bank to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, and their related interests, and to similar individuals at the holding company or affiliates. In general, such extensions of credit (i) may not exceed certain dollar limitations, (ii) must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties and (iii) must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Certain extensions of credit to these insiders also require the approval of the bank s board of directors. Additionally, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Georgia law limit asset sales and purchases between a bank and its insiders. 
 
 13 

Under anti-tying rules of federal law, a bank may not extend credit, lease, sell property or furnish any service or fix or vary the consideration for them on the condition that (i) the customer obtain or provide some additional credit, property or service from or to the bank or its holding company or their subsidiaries (other than those related to and usually provided in connection with a loan, discount, deposit or trust service) or (ii) the customer not obtain some other credit, property or service from a competitor, except to the extent reasonable conditions are imposed to assure the soundness of the credit extended. The federal banking agencies have, however, allowed banks to offer combined-balance products and otherwise to offer more favorable terms if a customer obtains two or more traditional bank products. The law authorizes the Federal Reserve to grant additional exceptions by regulation or order. 
 
 Under Georgia law, a state bank is generally prohibited from making loans, having obligations or having credit exposure as a counterparty in a derivative transaction to any one borrower in an amount exceeding 15 of the bank s statutory capital base, or 25 of the bank s statutory capital base if the entire amount is secured by good collateral or other ample security (as defined by law). 
 
 Reserves 
 
 Pursuant to regulations of the Federal Reserve, an insured depository institution must maintain reserves against its transaction accounts. Because required reserves generally must be maintained in the form of vault cash, with a pass-through correspondent bank, or in the institution s account at a Federal Reserve Bank, the effect of the reserve requirement may be to reduce the amount of an institution s assets available for lending or investment. During 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve reduced all reserve requirement ratios to zero. The Federal Reserve indicated that it may adjust reserve requirement ratios in the future if conditions warrant. 
 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments 
 
 The Bank s deposits are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the DIF. The Bank is required to pay quarterly premiums, known as assessments, for this deposit insurance coverage. The FDIC uses a risk-based assessment system that imposes insurance premiums as determined by multiplying an insured bank s assessment base by its assessment rate. A bank s deposit insurance assessment base is generally equal to its total assets minus its average tangible equity during the assessment period. The Bank s regular assessments are determined within a range of base assessment rates based in part on the Bank s CAMELS composite rating, taking into account other factors and adjustments. The CAMELS rating system is a supervisory rating system developed to classify a bank s overall condition by taking into account capital adequacy, assets, management capability, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market and interest rate risk. The methodology that the FDIC uses to calculate assessment amounts is also based on the FDIC s designated reserve ratio, which is currently 2 . Under the current methodology, the Bank s assessment rates are based on an initial base assessment rate of 3 to 30 cents per 100 of insured deposits, subject to certain adjustments, and may range from 1.5 to 40 cents after applying adjustments. Beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023, the Bank s assessment rates will be based on an initial base assessment rate of 5 to 32 cents per 100 of insured deposits, subject to certain adjustments, and may range from 2.5 to 42 cents after applying adjustments. These elevated rates will remain in effect until the designated reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 , absent further FDIC board action. 
 
 The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution, including the Bank, if the FDIC determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound banking practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation or order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC. The FDIC also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for the permanent termination of insurance if the institution has no tangible capital. Management is not aware of any existing circumstances that would result in termination of the Bank s deposit insurance. 
 
 Branching 
 
 The Bank has branch offices in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina. Current federal law authorizes interstate acquisitions of banks and bank holding companies without geographic limitation, so long as the acquirer satisfies certain conditions, including that it is well capitalized and well managed. Furthermore, a well capitalized and well managed bank with its main office in one state is generally authorized to merge with a bank with its main office in another state, subject to certain deposit-percentage limitations, aging requirements and other restrictions. After a bank has established branches in a state through an interstate merger transaction, the bank may establish and acquire additional branches at any location in the state where a bank headquartered in that state could have established or acquired branches under applicable federal or state law. 
 
 14 

Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA requires federal bank regulatory agencies to encourage financial institutions to meet the credit needs of low- and moderate-income borrowers in their local communities. The agencies periodically examine the CRA performance of each of the institutions for which they are the primary federal regulator and assign one of four ratings: Outstanding; Satisfactory; Needs to Improve; or Substantial Noncompliance. In order for an insured depository institution and its parent holding company to take advantage of certain regulatory benefits, such as expedited processing of applications and the ability of the holding company to engage in new financial activities, the insured depository institution must maintain a rating of Outstanding or Satisfactory. An institution s size and business strategy determines the type of examination that it will receive. The FDIC evaluates the Bank as a large, retail-oriented institution and applies performance-based lending, investment and service tests. In its most recent CRA evaluation, as of August 26, 2019, the Bank was rated Satisfactory under the CRA. 
 
 Debit Interchange Fee Limitations 
 
 Under the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act and the Federal Reserve s implementing regulations, the debit card interchange fee that the Bank charges merchants must be reasonable and proportional to the cost of clearing the transaction. The maximum permissible interchange fee is capped at the sum of 0.21 plus five basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. The Bank may also recover 0.01 per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if it complies with certain fraud-related requirements. The Federal Reserve also has established rules governing routing and exclusivity that require debit card issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product. 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 
 The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect customers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These consumer protection laws apply to a broad range of our activities and to various aspects of our business, and include laws relating to interest rates, fair lending, disclosures of credit terms and estimated transaction costs to consumer borrowers, debt collection practices, the use of and the provision of information to consumer reporting agencies, and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, as well as their state law counterparts. At the federal level, most consumer financial protection laws are administered by the CFPB, which supervises the Bank. Among other things, the CFPB has promulgated many mortgage-related rules, including rules related to the ability to repay and qualified mortgage standards, mortgage servicing standards, loan originator compensation standards, high-cost mortgage requirements, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements and appraisal and escrow standards for higher priced mortgages. The mortgage-related final rules issued by the CFPB have materially restructured the origination, servicing and securitization of residential mortgages in the United States, and have imposed significant compliance obligations and costs on mortgage lenders, including the Bank. 
 
 Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability, including actual damages, restitution and injunctive relief, from litigation brought by customers, state attorneys general and other plaintiffs, as well as enforcement actions by banking regulators and reputational harm. 
 
 Financial Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 
 Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, a financial institution must provide to its customers, at the inception of the customer relationship and annually thereafter, the institution s policies and procedures regarding the handling of customers nonpublic personal financial information. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act also provides that, with certain limited exceptions, an institution may not provide such personal information to unaffiliated third parties unless the institution discloses to the customer that such information may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. Federal law makes it a criminal offense, except in limited circumstances, to obtain or attempt to obtain customer information of a financial nature by fraudulent or deceptive means. 
 
 The federal banking agencies pay close attention to the cybersecurity practices of banks, and the agencies include review of an institution s information technology and its ability to thwart cyberattacks in their examinations. An institution s failure to have adequate cybersecurity safeguards in place can result in supervisory criticism, monetary penalties and reputational harm. 
 
 In November 2021, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued a joint final rule to establish computer-security incident notification requirements for banking organizations and their bank service providers. 
 15 

Banks and their service providers must comply with this rule as of May 1, 2022. Under this rule, a bank must report certain computer-security incidents to its primary federal regulatory as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines that an incident requiring notification has occurred. In addition, bank service providers must notify any affected banking organization customer as soon as possible when the bank service provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, services provided to such banking organization for a period of four or more hours. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Compliance 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and other federal laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other things, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering AML program. Under these laws and regulations, the Bank is required to take steps to prevent the use of the Bank to facilitate the flow of illegal or illicit money, to report large currency transactions and to file suspicious activity reports. In addition, the Bank is required to develop and implement a comprehensive AML compliance program, as well as have in place appropriate know your customer policies and procedures. 
 
 The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury, in addition to other bank regulatory agencies, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of these requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with state and federal banking regulators, in addition to the U.S. Department of Justice, the CFPB, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Internal Revenue Service. Violations of AML requirements can also lead to criminal penalties. In addition, the federal banking agencies are required to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s AML activities when reviewing proposed bank mergers and bank holding company acquisitions. 
 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC is responsible for administering economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, foreign nationals and others, as defined by various Executive Orders and in various pieces of legislation. OFAC publishes lists of persons, organizations and countries suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts. If we or the Bank find a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, we or the Bank must freeze or block such account or transaction, file a suspicious activity report and notify the appropriate authorities. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 
 We and the Bank maintain policies, procedures and other internal controls designed to comply with these AML requirements and sanctions programs. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System 
 
 Our Company has a correspondent relationship with the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Atlanta, which is one of 12 regional FHLBs that administer the home financing credit function of banking institutions. Each FHLB is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system and makes advances to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of the FHLB and subject to the oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. All advances from an FHLB are required to be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB. 
 
 The FHLB of Atlanta offers certain services to our Company, such as processing checks and other items, buying and selling federal funds, handling money transfers and exchanges, shipping coin and currency, providing security and safekeeping of funds or other valuable items, and furnishing limited management information and advice. As compensation for these services, our Company maintains certain balances with the FHLB of Atlanta in interest-bearing accounts. 
 
 Real Estate Lending Evaluations 
 
 The federal regulators have adopted uniform standards for evaluations of loans secured by real estate or made to finance improvements to real estate. Banks are required to establish and maintain written internal real estate lending policies consistent with safe and sound banking practices, and appropriate to the size of the institution and the nature and scope of its operations. The regulations establish loan-to-value ratio limitations on real estate loans. Our Company s loan policies establish limits on loan-to-value ratios that are equal to or less than those established in such regulations. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Concentrations 
 
 Under guidance issued by the federal banking regulators, a financial institution will be considered to have a significant commercial real estate CRE concentration risk, and will be subject to enhanced supervisory expectations to manage that 
 16 

risk, if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development and other land C D represent 100 or more of the institution s total capital or (ii) total CRE loans represent 300 or more of the institution s total capital and the outstanding balance of the institution s CRE loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the prior 36 months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our C D concentration as a percentage of capital totaled 79.4 and our CRE concentration, net of owner-occupied loans, as a percentage of capital totaled 291.7 . 
 
 COVID-19 Relief Measures 
 
 Congress, various federal agencies and state governments have taken measures to address the economic and social consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the enactment on March 27, 2020 of the CARES Act, which, among other things, established various initiatives to protect individuals, businesses and local economies in an effort to lessen the impact of the pandemic on consumers and businesses. These initiatives included the PPP, relief with respect to troubled debt restructurings TDRs ), mortgage forbearance and extended unemployment benefits. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, enacted on December 27, 2020, extended some of these relief provisions in certain respects. 
 
 The PPP permitted small businesses, sole proprietorships, independent contractors and self-employed individuals to apply for loans from existing SBA lenders and other approved regulated lenders that enroll in the program, subject to numerous limitations and eligibility criteria. The CARES Act appropriated 349 billion to fund the PPP, and Congress appropriated an additional 320 billion to the PPP on April 24, 2020, and amended the PPP on June 5, 2020 to make the terms of the PPP loans and loan forgiveness more flexible. Additionally, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 appropriated a further 284 billion to the PPP and permitted certain PPP borrowers to make second draw loans. From April to August 2020, we accepted PPP applications and originated loans to qualified small businesses under this program. Consistent with the terms of the PPP, these loans carry an interest rate of 1 and are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. At December 31, 2022, the Company s outstanding PPP loans were not material. The Company s participation in this program could subject us to increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny, negative publicity or increased exposure to litigation, which could increase our operational, legal and compliance costs and damage our reputation. 
 
 The CARES Act and related guidance from the federal banking agencies provide financial institutions the option to temporarily suspend requirements under GAAP related to classification of certain loan modifications as TDRs, to account for the current and anticipated effects of COVID-19. The CARES Act, as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, specified that COVID-19 related loan modifications executed between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of (i) 60 days after the date of termination of the national emergency declared by the President and (ii) January 1, 2022, on loans that were current as of December 31, 2019 are not TDRs. Additionally, under guidance from the federal banking agencies, other short-term modifications made on a good faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers that were current prior to any relief are not TDRs under ASC Subtopic 310-40, Troubled Debt Restructuring by Creditors. These modifications include short-term (e.g., up to six months) modifications such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms or delays in payment that are insignificant. Throughout 2020 and 2021, we granted loan modifications to our customers in the form of maturity extensions, payment deferrals and forbearance. The temporary relief expired on January 1, 2022 and no further modifications were made under the CARES Act after such date. 
 
 The CARES Act also includes a range of other provisions designed to support the U.S. economy and mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on financial institutions and their customers. For example, provisions of the CARES Act require mortgage servicers to grant, on a borrower s request, forbearance for up to 180 days (which can be extended for an additional 180 days) on a federally-backed single-family mortgage loan or forbearance up to 30 days (which can be extended for two additional 30-day periods) on a federally-backed multifamily mortgage loan when the borrower experiences financial hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 On January 30, 2023, the Biden Administration announced its intent to end the national emergency declaration related to the COVID-19 pandemic on May 11, 2023, which will also result in the termination of previously enacted COVID-19 relief measures. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks inherent in our business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect Ameris are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and 
 17 

uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company s business operations. This Annual Report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. 
 
 If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs, the Company s financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of the Common Stock could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMPANY AND INDUSTRY 
 
 Our revenues are highly correlated to market interest rates. 
 
 Our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature, and as a result, we are subject to significant risks tied to changes in interest rates. Our ability to operate profitably is largely dependent upon net interest income. In 2022, net interest income made up 73.8 of our revenue. Unexpected movement in interest rates, that may or may not change the slope of the current yield curve, could cause our net interest margins to decrease, subsequently decreasing net interest income. In addition, such changes could materially adversely affect the valuation of our assets and liabilities. 
 
 At present our one-year interest rate sensitivity position is asset sensitive, such that a gradual increase in interest rates during the next twelve months should have a positive impact on net interest income during that period. However, as with most financial institutions, our results of operations are affected by changes in interest rates and our ability to manage this risk. The difference between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities may be affected by changes in market interest rates, changes in relationships between interest rate indices, and changes in the relationships between long-term and short-term market interest rates. In addition, the mix of assets and liabilities could change as varying levels of market interest rates might present our customer base with more attractive options. 
 
 Certain changes in interest rates, inflation, deflation or the financial markets could affect demand for our products and our ability to deliver products efficiently. 
 
 Loan originations, and potentially loan revenues, could be materially adversely impacted by sharply rising interest rates. Conversely, sharply falling rates could increase prepayments within our securities portfolio lowering interest earnings from those investments. Rising inflation could cause our operating costs related to salaries and benefits, technology and supplies to increase at a faster pace than our revenues. Recently, inflation has been at a higher level than experienced in many decades, which has increased costs and impacted operations for the Company and many of its customers. 
 
 The fair market value of our securities portfolio and the investment income from these securities also fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. In addition, actual net investment income and/or cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, may differ from those anticipated at the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. 
 
 Cyberattacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers. We also have arrangements in place with other third parties through which we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of third-party service providers, are vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. Additionally, information security may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including escalating military tension between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. 
 
 Information security risks for financial institutions like us continue to increase in part because of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyberattacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers continue to engage in attacks against financial institutions. These attacks include denial of service attacks designed to disrupt external customer facing services and ransomware attacks designed to deny organizations access to key internal resources or systems. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but early detection may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. 
 18 

We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Accordingly, we also face risks related to cyberattacks and other security breaches in connection with our own and third-party systems, processes and data, including credit and debit card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our customers through various third parties, including merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, payment card networks (e.g., Visa, MasterCard) and our processors. Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyberattacks, and because the transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyberattacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in some cases we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. We also rely on numerous other third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them. While we conduct security reviews on these third parties, we cannot be sure that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyberattack or other security breach. 
 
 The access by unauthorized persons to, or the improper disclosure by us of, confidential information regarding our customers or our own proprietary information, software, methodologies and business secrets could result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, our industry continues to experience well-publicized attacks or breaches affecting others in our industry that have heightened concern by consumers generally about the security of using credit and debit cards, which have caused some consumers, including our customers, to use our credit and debit cards less in favor of alternative methods of payment and has led to increased regulatory focus on, and potentially new regulations relating to, these methods. Further cyberattacks or other breaches in the future, whether affecting us or others, could intensify consumer concern and regulatory focus and result in reduced use of our cards, increased costs and regulatory penalties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent we are involved in any future cyberattacks or other breaches, our brand and reputation could be affected, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect us and our customers, employees and third-party service providers, and while the adverse impacts on our business, financial position, operations and prospects have dissipated, they have not been completely eliminated. 
 
 During 2020, as a result of the uncertainty, volatility and disruption in financial markets and in governmental, commercial and consumer activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, our business and consumer customers experienced varying degrees of financial distress, adversely affecting their ability to timely pay interest and principal on their loans and the value of the collateral securing their obligations. While all our branch locations are currently open and operating during normal business hours, in order to protect the health of our customers and employees, we continue to take additional precautions within our branch locations, including enhanced cleaning procedures. These actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and similar actions by our vendors and business partners, have not materially impaired our ability to support our employees, conduct our business or serve our customers, but there is no assurance that these actions will be sufficient to successfully mitigate the risks presented by COVID-19 or that our ability to operate will not be materially affected going forward. For instance, business operations may be disrupted if key personnel or significant portions of employees are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government actions or other restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Similarly, if any of our vendors or business partners become unable to continue to provide their products and services which we rely upon to maintain our day-to-day operations, our ability to serve our customers could be impacted. 
 
 Although the aforementioned risks have much dissipated compared to prior periods, they have not been completely eliminated. The risks of new variants and new outbreaks continue to exist. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is not possible to accurately predict the extent, severity or duration of these conditions or when normal economic and operating conditions will fully resume. For this reason, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic affects our business, operations and financial condition, as well as our regulatory capital and liquidity ratios and credit ratings, is highly uncertain and unpredictable and depends on, among other things, new information that may emerge concerning the scope, duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken by governmental authorities and other parties in response to the pandemic, the scale of distribution and public acceptance of the vaccines for COVID-19 and the effectiveness of such vaccines in stemming or stopping the spread of COVID-19. 
 
 Our concentration of real estate loans subjects the Company to risks that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The majority of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. Declines in real estate values could cause the revenue stream from those loans to come under stress and require additional provision to the allowance for loan losses. Our ability to dispose of foreclosed real estate and resolve credit quality issues is dependent upon real estate activity and real estate prices, both of which can become highly unpredictable. 
 19 

Greater loan losses than expected may materially adversely affect our earnings. 
 
 We, as lenders, are exposed to the risk that our customers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to assure repayment. Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Our credit risk with respect to our real estate and construction loan portfolio will relate principally to the creditworthiness of business entities and the value of the real estate serving as security for the repayment of loans. Our credit risk with respect to our commercial loan portfolio will relate principally to the general creditworthiness of businesses within our local markets. Our credit risk with respect to our consumer loan portfolio will relate principally to the general creditworthiness of individuals. 
 
 We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio and provide an allowance for estimated loan losses based on a number of factors. We believe that our current allowance for loan losses is adequate. However, if our assumptions or judgments prove to be incorrect, the allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses. We may have to increase our allowance in the future in response to the request of one of our primary banking regulators, to adjust for changing conditions and assumptions, or as a result of any deterioration in the quality of our loan portfolio. The actual amount of future provisions for loan losses cannot be determined at this time and may vary from the amounts of past provisions. 
 
 Our business is highly correlated to local economic conditions in a geographically concentrated part of the United States. 
 
 Unlike larger organizations that are more geographically diversified, our banking offices are primarily concentrated in select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. As a result of this geographic concentration, our financial results depend largely upon economic conditions in these market areas. Deterioration in economic conditions in the markets we serve could result in one or more of the following: 
 
 an increase in loan delinquencies; 
 an increase in problem assets and foreclosures; 
 a decrease in the demand for our products and services; and 
 a decrease in the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate, in turn reducing customers borrowing power, the value of assets associated with problem loans and collateral coverage. 
 
 We face additional risks due to our mortgage banking activities that could negatively impact net income and profitability. 
 
 We sell the majority of the mortgage loans that we originate. The sale of these loans generates noninterest income and can be a source of liquidity for the Bank. Disruption in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans as well as declines in real estate values, among other economic variables, could result in one or more of the following: 
 
 rising interest rates has caused a decline in mortgage originations, which could continue and potentially worsen, negatively impacting our earnings; 
 our inability to sell mortgage loans on the secondary market could negatively impact our liquidity position; 
 reductions in real estate values could decrease the potential for mortgage originations, which could negatively impact our earnings; 
 if it is determined that loans were made in breach of our representations and warranties to the secondary market, we could incur losses associated with the loans; and 
 increased compliance requirements could result in higher compliance costs, higher foreclosure proceedings or lower loan origination volume, all which could negatively impact future earnings 
 
 Legislation and regulatory proposals enacted in response to market and economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 The banking industry is heavily regulated. We are subject to examinations, supervision and comprehensive regulation by various federal and state agencies. Our compliance with these regulations is costly and restricts certain of our activities. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect the broader banking system, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund and depositors, not shareholders. The burden imposed by federal and state regulations puts banks at a competitive disadvantage compared to less regulated competitors such as finance companies, mortgage banking companies and leasing companies. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, or by regulatory agencies, that may impact the Company or the Bank. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change the operating environment of Ameris in substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect 
 20 

the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions and other financial institutions. The Company cannot predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or the Bank could have a material effect on the business of the Company. 
 
 Our growth and financial performance may be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully execute our growth plans. 
 
 Economic conditions and other factors, such as our ability to identify appropriate markets for expansion, our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, our ability to fund earning asset growth at a reasonable and profitable level, sufficient capital to support our growth initiatives, competitive factors and banking laws, will impact our success. 
 
 We may seek to supplement our internal growth through acquisitions. We cannot predict with certainty the number, size or timing of acquisitions, or whether any such acquisitions will occur at all. Our acquisition efforts have traditionally focused on targeted banking entities in markets in which we currently operate and markets in which we believe we can compete effectively. However, as consolidation of the financial services industry continues, the competition for suitable acquisition candidates may increase. We may compete with other financial services companies for acquisition opportunities, and many of these competitors have greater financial resources than we do and may be able to pay more for an acquisition than we are able or willing to pay. We also may need additional debt or equity financing in the future to fund acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing or, if available, it may not be in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to locate suitable acquisition candidates willing to sell on terms acceptable to us, or we are otherwise unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing necessary for us to continue making acquisitions, we would be required to find other methods to grow our business and we may not grow at the same rate we have in the past, or at all. 
 
 Generally, we must receive federal regulatory approval before we can acquire a bank or bank holding company. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on the competition, financial condition and future prospects. The regulators also review current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience and integrity of management and its record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including both institutions CRA performance history), and the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities. We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We may also be required to sell banks or branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to us or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefits of any acquisition. 
 
 In the past, we have utilized de novo branching in new and existing markets as a way to supplement our growth. De novo branching and any acquisition carry with it numerous risks, including the following: 
 
 the inability to obtain all required regulatory approvals; 
 significant costs and anticipated operating losses associated with establishing a de novo branch or a new bank; 
 the inability to secure the services of qualified senior management; 
 the local market may not accept the services of a new bank owned and managed by a bank holding company headquartered outside of the market area of the new bank; 
 economic downturns in the new market; 
 the inability to obtain attractive locations within a new market at a reasonable cost; and 
 the additional strain on management resources and internal systems and controls. 
 
 We have experienced to some extent many of these risks with our de novo branching to date. 
 
 We rely on dividends from the Bank for most of our revenue. 
 
 Ameris is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from the Bank. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on the Common Stock and interest and principal on the Company s debt. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company. Also, the Company s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. In the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the Company, the Company may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on the Common Stock and its business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Consequently, cash-based activities, including further investments in the Bank or in support of the Bank, could require borrowings or additional issuances of common or preferred stock. 
 
 We are subject to regulation by various federal and state entities. 
 21 

We are subject to the regulations of the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the GDBF, the CFPB and other governmental agencies and regulatory bodies. New regulations issued by these agencies may adversely affect our ability to carry on our business activities. We are subject to various federal and state laws and certain changes in these laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations. Noncompliance with certain of these regulations may impact our business plans, including our ability to branch, offer certain products or execute existing or planned business strategies. 
 
 We are also subject to the accounting rules and regulations of the SEC and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in accounting rules could materially adversely affect the reported financial statements or our results of operations and may also require extraordinary efforts or additional costs to implement. Any of these laws or regulations may be modified or changed from time to time, and we cannot be assured that such modifications or changes will not adversely affect us. 
 
 We are subject to industry competition which may have an impact upon our success. 
 
 Our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. We operate in a highly competitive financial services environment. Certain competitors are larger and may have more resources than we do. We face competition in our regional market areas from other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, internet banks, mortgage companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, and other financial intermediaries that offer similar services. Some of our nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern us or our bank subsidiary and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. 
 
 Another competitive factor is that the financial services market, including banking services, is undergoing rapid changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Our future success may depend, in part, on our ability to use technology competitively to provide products and services that provide convenience to customers and create additional efficiencies in our operations. 
 
 Changes in the policies of monetary authorities and other government action could materially adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Banking is a business which depends on interest rate differentials for success. In general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits and its other borrowings, and the interest received by a bank on its loans and securities holdings, constitutes the major portion of a bank s earnings. Thus, our earnings and growth will be subject to the influence of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve administers monetary policy by setting target interest rates that it attempts to effect, primarily through open market dealings in United States government securities. The Federal Reserve also may specifically target banking institutions through the discount rate at which banks may borrow from the Federal Reserve Banks and the reserve requirements on deposits. The nature and timing of any changes in such policies and their effect on Ameris cannot be known at this time, but could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Fiscal policy, the other principal tool of the federal government to oversee the national economy is largely in the hands of Congress through its authority to make taxation and budget decisions, subject to Presidential approval. These decisions may have a significant impact on the economic sectors in which we operate and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We may need to rely on the financial markets to provide needed capital. 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq ). If the liquidity of the Nasdaq market should fail to operate at a time when we may seek to raise equity capital, or if conditions in the capital markets are adverse, we may be constrained in raising capital. Downgrades in the opinions of the analysts that follow our Company may cause our stock price to fall and significantly limit our ability to access the markets for additional capital. Should these risks materialize, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth or acquisition may be limited. 
 
 We may invest or spend the proceeds in stock offerings in ways with which you may not agree and in ways that may not earn a profit. 
 
 We may choose to use the proceeds of future stock offerings for general corporate purposes, including for possible acquisition opportunities that may become available. It is not known whether suitable acquisition opportunities may become available or whether we will be able to successfully complete any such acquisitions. We may use the proceeds of an offering only to focus on sustaining our organic, or internal, growth or for other purposes. In addition, we may use all or a portion of the proceeds of an offering to support our capital. You may not agree with the ways we decide to use the proceeds of any stock offerings, and our use of the proceeds may not yield any profits. 
 22 

We may be adversely affected by the transition away from LIBOR for our variable rate loans, derivative contracts and other financial assets and liabilities. 
 
 Our business relies upon a large volume of loans, derivative contracts and other financial instruments which are directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR to establish their interest rate and/or value. The administrator of LIBOR extended publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings to June 30, 2023 and ceased publishing other LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021. On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, which provides for a statutory transition to a replacement rate selected by the Federal Reserve based on the SOFR for contracts referencing LIBOR that contain no fallback provisions or ineffective fallback provisions, unless a replacement rate is selected by a determining person as outlined in the statute. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The U.S. federal banking agencies issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021. We have significant but declining exposure to financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR to establish their interest rate and/or value, some of which mature after June 30, 2023. 
 
 We have established a working group, consisting of key stakeholders from throughout the Company, to monitor developments relating to LIBOR changes and to guide the Bank s response. This team is continuing to work to ensure that technology systems are prepared for the transition, loan documents that reference LIBOR-based rates have been appropriately amended to reference other methods of interest rate determinations and internal and external stakeholders are apprised of the transition. Over the next several months, we will continue to transition all remaining LIBOR-based products to an alternative benchmark. We will also continue to evaluate the transition process and align the Company s trajectory with regulatory guidelines regarding the cessation of LIBOR, including monitoring new developments for transitioning to alternative reference rates, if necessary and as needed. Any successor or replacement interest rates to LIBOR may perform differently, which may affect net interest income, change market risk profile and require changes to risk, pricing and hedging strategies. Any failure to adequately manage this transition could adversely impact the Company s or the Bank s reputation or lead to regulatory action. 
 
 We face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. 
 
 Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire the necessary operational and technological infrastructure and to manage the cost of that infrastructure while we expand. Similar to other large corporations, in our case, operational risk can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, faulty or disabled computer systems, fraud by employees or persons outside of our Company and exposure to external events. We are dependent on our operational infrastructure to help manage these risks. In addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems which we use both to interface with our customers and to manage our internal financial and other systems. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new customers depends in part on the functionality of our technology systems. Additionally, our ability to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations is dependent on these infrastructures. 
 
 We continuously monitor our operational and technological capabilities and make modifications and improvements when we believe it will be cost effective to do so. In some instances, we may build and maintain these capabilities ourselves. We also outsource some of these functions to third parties. These third parties may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. We also face risk from the integration of new infrastructure platforms and/or new third party providers of such platforms into our existing businesses. 
 
 Financial services companies depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, the Company may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports and other financial information. The Company may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports or other financial information could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business and, in turn, the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Reputational risk and social factors may impact our results. 
 
 Our ability to originate and maintain accounts is highly dependent upon customer and other external perceptions of our business practices and our financial health. Adverse perceptions regarding our business practices or our financial health could damage our reputation in both the customer and funding markets, leading to difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts as well as in financing them. Adverse developments with respect to the consumer or other external perceptions regarding the practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, may also adversely impact our reputation. In addition, adverse reputational 
 23 

impacts on third parties with whom we have important relationships may also adversely impact our reputation. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the reputation of our industry, may also result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws, regulations or regulatory actions that may change or constrain the manner in which we engage with our customers and the products we offer. Adverse reputational impacts or events may also increase our litigation risk. We carefully monitor internal and external developments for areas of potential reputational risk and have established governance structures to assist in evaluating such risks in our business practices and decisions, but we cannot be certain that our efforts will completely mitigate these risks. 
 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 
 
 The Company s success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most activities engaged in by the Company can be intense, and the Company may not be able to hire people or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of the Company s key personnel could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business because of their skills, knowledge of the Company s market, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
 
 We engage in acquisitions of other businesses from time to time. These acquisitions may not produce revenue or earnings enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally anticipated and may result in unforeseen integration difficulties. 
 
 When appropriate opportunities arise, we will engage in acquisitions of other businesses. Difficulty in integrating an acquired business or company may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence or other anticipated benefits from any acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss of key employees, disruption of our business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. We will likely need to make additional investments in equipment and personnel to manage higher asset levels and loan balances as a result of any significant acquisition, which may materially adversely impact our earnings. Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected. 
 
 Depending on the condition of any institution that we may acquire, any acquisition may, at least in the near term, materially adversely affect our capital and earnings and, if not successfully integrated following the acquisition, may continue to have such effects. 
 
 Natural disasters, geopolitical events, public health crises and other catastrophic events beyond our control could adversely affect us. 
 
 Natural disasters such as hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, wildfires, extreme weather conditions and other acts of nature, geopolitical events such as those involving civil unrest, changes in government regimes, terrorism or military conflict, pandemics and other public health crises, and other catastrophic events could adversely affect our business operations and those of our customers, counterparties and service providers, and cause substantial damage and loss to real and personal property, including damage to or destruction of mortgaged properties or our own banking facilities and offices. Natural disasters, geopolitical events, public health crises and other catastrophic events, or concerns about the occurrence of any such events, could impair our borrowers ability to service their loans, decrease the level and duration of deposits by customers, erode the value of loan collateral, including mortgaged properties, result in an increase in the amount of our non-performing loans and a higher level of non-performing assets, including real estate owned, net charge-offs and provision for loan losses, lead to other operational difficulties and impair our ability to manage our business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the value of our common stock. We also could be adversely affected if our key personnel or a significant number of our employees were to become unavailable due to a public health crisis (such as an outbreak of a contagious disease), natural disaster, war, act of terrorism, accident or other reason. Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including escalating military tension between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 
 
 The price of our Common Stock is volatile and may decline. 
 
 The trading price of our Common Stock may fluctuate widely as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. In addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in the share prices and trading volumes that affect the market prices of the shares of many companies. These broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 24 

Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 
 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 
 changes in revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our securities or those of other financial institutions; 
 failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 actions by institutional shareholders; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 
 general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry; 
 proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments, including changes in accounting rules; 
 proposed or adopted changes or developments in tax policies or rates; 
 anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us; or 
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance. 
 
 A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders and could lead to costly and disruptive securities litigation. 
 
 Securities issued by us, including our Common Stock, are not FDIC insured. 
 
 Securities issued by us, including our Common Stock, are not savings or deposit accounts or other obligations of any bank and are not insured by the FDIC, the Deposit Insurance Fund or any other governmental agency or instrumentality, or any private insurer, and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal. 
 
 Holders of the Company s debt obligations and any shares of the Company s preferred stock that may be outstanding in the future will have priority over the Company s common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest and preferred dividends. 
 
 In the event of any winding up and termination of the Company, our Common Stock would rank below all claims of the holders of the Company s debt and any preferred stock then outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding trust preferred securities and accompanying junior subordinated debentures with a carrying value of 128.3 million and other subordinated notes payable with a carrying value of 377.1 million. 
 
 Upon the winding up and termination of the Company, holders of our Common Stock will not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets until after all of our obligations to our debt holders have been satisfied and holders of our senior debt, subordinated debt and junior subordinated debentures issued in connection with trust preferred securities have received any payments and other distributions due to them. In addition, we are required to pay interest on our senior debt, subordinated debt and junior subordinated debentures issued in connection with the Company s trust preferred securities before we pay any dividends on our Common Stock. 
 
 We may borrow funds or issue additional debt and equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our Common Stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which could negatively affect the value of our Common Stock. 
 
 In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into debt or debt-like financing that is unsecured or secured by all or up to all of our assets, or by issuing additional debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of secured or unsecured commercial paper, medium-term notes, senior notes, subordinated notes, preferred stock, common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. In the event of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt and preferred securities would receive a distribution of our available assets before distributions to the holders of our Common Stock. Because our decision to incur debt and issue securities in our future offerings will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate with certainty the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings and debt financings. Further, market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. In addition, the borrowing of funds or issuance of debt would increase our leverage and decrease our liquidity, and the issuance of additional equity securities would dilute the interests of our existing shareholders. 
 
 25 

You may not receive dividends on the Common Stock. 
 
 Holders of our Common Stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have consistently paid dividends on our Common Stock in recent years, the payment of dividends could be suspended at any time. 
 
 Sales of a significant number of shares of our Common Stock in the public markets, or the perception of such sales, could depress the market price of our Common Stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public markets and the availability of those shares for sale could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, future issuances of equity securities, including pursuant to outstanding options, could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders and could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. We may issue such additional equity or convertible securities to raise additional capital. Depending on the amount offered and the levels at which we offer the stock, issuances of common or preferred stock could be substantially dilutive to shareholders of our Common Stock. Moreover, to the extent that we issue restricted stock, phantom shares, stock appreciation rights, options or warrants to purchase our Common Stock in the future and those stock appreciation rights, options or warrants are exercised or as shares of the restricted stock vest, our shareholders may experience further dilution. Holders of our shares of Common Stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series and, therefore, such sales or offerings could result in increased dilution to our shareholders. We cannot predict with certainty the effect that future sales of our Common Stock would have on the market price of our Common Stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company s corporate headquarters is located at 3490 Piedmont Road N.E., Suite 1550, Atlanta, Georgia 30305. The Company occupies approximately 19,200 square feet at this location plus an additional 90,800 square feet used for a branch location and support services for banking operations, including credit, marketing and operational support. The Company also leases approximately 38,000 square feet in Jacksonville, Florida used for additional corporate support services. Inclusive of the branch at its headquarters, Ameris operates 164 branch locations. Of the 164 branch locations, 137 are owned and 27 are subject to either building or ground leases. Ameris also operates 32 mortgage and loan production offices, all of which are subject to building leases. At December 31, 2022, there were no significant encumbrances on the offices, equipment or other operational facilities owned by Ameris and the Bank. The Company believes that our properties are suitable for the purposes of our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Disclosure concerning legal proceedings can be found in Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 19. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities" under the caption, "Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies," which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol ABCB . As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 3,556 holders of record of the Common Stock. The Company believes a portion of Common Stock outstanding is held either in nominee name or street name brokerage accounts; therefore, the Company is unable to determine the number of beneficial owners of the Common Stock. 
 
 The amount of and nature of any dividends declared on our Common Stock will be determined by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion. The Company is required to comply with the restrictions on the payment of dividends in respect of the Common Stock discussed in the section of Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report captioned Payment of Dividends and Other Restrictions. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the change in the cumulative total shareholder return on the Common Stock against the cumulative return of the NASDAQ Stock Market (U.S. Companies) index and the index of KBW NASDAQ Bank Stocks for the five-year period commencing December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022. This line graph assumes an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, and reinvestment of dividends and other distributions to shareholders. 

Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Ameris Bancorp 100.00 66.31 90.22 82.73 109.23 105.04 NASDAQ Stock Market (US Companies) 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 KBW NASDAQ Bank Stocks 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 
 Source: S P Global Market Intelligence 
 
 Pursuant to the regulations of the SEC, this performance graph is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 27 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 During 2022, the Company reported net income of 346.5 million, or 4.99 per diluted share, compared with 376.9 million, or 5.40 per diluted share, in 2021. The Company s net income as a percentage of average assets for 2022 and 2021 was 1.47 and 1.73 , respectively, while the Company s net income as a percentage of average shareholders equity was 11.24 and 13.33 , respectively. Reported net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes 71.7 million in provision for credit losses, primarily related to organic loan growth, updated economic forecast and related impacts to unfunded commitments, compared with a provision release of 35.4 million in 2021 resulting from improvement in forecast economic conditions compared with 2020. 
 
 Highlights of the Company s performance in 2022 include the following: 
 Growth in net interest income of 145.7 million, representing a 22.2 increase over 2021 
 Organic growth in loans of 3.51 billion, or 22.1 
 Growth in tangible book value per share 1 of 13.9 , from 26.26 at the end of 2021 to 29.92 at the end of 2022 
 Net interest margin of 3.76 during 2022, up 44 basis points from 2021 
 Adjusted efficiency ratio 1 of 52.48 , compared with 55.00 in 2021 
 Adjusted return on average assets 1 of 1.39 , compared with 1.69 in 2021 
 Adjusted return on average tangible common equity 1 of 16.92 , compared with 20.19 in 2021 
 Improvement in deposit mix with noninterest bearing deposits representing 40.74 of total deposits at the end of 2022 
 Annualized net charge-offs of 0.08 of average total loans 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 1 A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the following tables. 
 
 28 

Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands except per share data) 2022 2021 Net income available to common shareholders 346,540 376,913 Adjustment items: Merger and conversion charges 1,212 4,206 Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights (1,356) Servicing right impairment (21,824) (14,530) Natural disaster expenses 151 Gain on BOLI proceeds (55) (603) (Gain) loss on sale of premises (45) 510 Tax effect of adjustment items (Note 1) 4,792 2,203 After-tax adjustment items (17,125) (8,214) Adjusted net income 329,415 368,699 Average assets 23,644,754 21,847,731 Reported return on average assets 1.47 1.73 Adjusted return on average assets 1.39 1.69 Average common equity 3,083,081 2,827,669 Average tangible common equity 1,947,222 1,826,433 Reported return on average common equity 11.24 13.33 Adjusted return on average tangible common equity 16.92 20.19 Total shareholders' equity 3,197,400 2,966,451 Less: Goodwill 1,015,646 1,012,620 Other intangibles, net 106,194 125,938 Total tangible shareholders' equity 2,075,560 1,827,893 Period end number of shares 69,369,050 69,609,228 Book value per share 46.09 42.62 Tangible book value per share 29.92 26.26 Note 1: Tax effect is calculated utilizing a 21 rate for taxable adjustments. Gain on BOLI proceeds is non-taxable and no tax effect is included. A portion of the merger and conversion charges for both periods are nondeductible for tax purposes. 
 29 

Adjusted Efficiency Ratio Reconciliation Year Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands except per share data) 2022 2021 Adjusted Noninterest Expense Total noninterest expense 560,655 560,124 Adjustment items: Merger and conversion charges (1,212) (4,206) Natural disaster expenses (151) Gain (loss) on sale of premises 45 (510) Adjusted noninterest expense 559,337 555,408 Total Revenue Net interest income 801,026 655,327 Noninterest income 284,424 365,544 Total revenue 1,085,450 1,020,871 Adjusted Total Revenue Net interest income (TE) 804,895 659,903 Noninterest income 284,424 365,544 Total revenue (TE) 1,089,319 1,025,447 Adjustment items: Gain on securities (203) (515) Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights (1,356) Gain on BOLI proceeds (55) (603) Servicing right impairment (21,824) (14,530) Adjusted total revenue (TE) 1,065,881 1,009,799 Efficiency ratio 51.65 54.87 Adjusted efficiency ratio (TE) 52.48 55.00 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 Ameris has established certain accounting and financial reporting policies to govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP in the preparation of its financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management which have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities; management considers these accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management, actual results could differ from the judgments and estimates adopted by management which could have a material impact on the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the results of our operations. We believe the following accounting policies applied by Ameris represent critical accounting policies. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 We believe the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") is a critical accounting policy that requires significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The ACL is a valuation allowance estimated at each balance sheet date in accordance with GAAP that is deducted from financial assets measured at amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected on those assets. Management uses a systematic methodology to determine its ACL for loans and certain off-balance-sheet credit exposures. Management considers relevant information including past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts on the collectability of the loan portfolio. The Company s estimate of its ACL involves a high degree of judgment; therefore, management s process for determining expected credit losses may result in a range of expected credit losses. It is possible that others, given the same information, may at any point in time reach a different reasonable conclusion. 
 
 Loans which share common risk characteristics are pooled for the purposes of determining the ACL. Management uses the discounted cash flow method or the PD LGD method, which may be adjusted for qualitative factors, in measuring the ACL for 
 30 

pooled loans. Loans which do not share common risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. When repayment is expected to be from the operation of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the loan exceeds the present value of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. The expected credit losses may also be calculated, in the alternative, as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the loan exceeds the estimated fair value of the collateral. When repayment is expected to be from the sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the loan exceeds the fair value of the underlying collateral less estimated cost to sell. 
 
 Management believes that the ACL is adequate. While management uses available information to recognize expected losses on loans, future additions to the ACL may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination processes, periodically review the Company s ACL. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the ACL based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. 
 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, Management determined the ACL on loans at December 31, 2022 utilizing the Moody's baseline economic forecast. If Management utilized the downside 96th percentile S-4 scenario from Moody's, the quantitative portion of the ACL on loans would have increased approximately 120.1 million. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 As required by GAAP, we use the asset and liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes and provide deferred income taxes for all significant income tax temporary differences. See Note 12, Income Taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating our actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as the provision for credit losses and gains on FDIC-assisted transactions, for tax and financial reporting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities that are included in our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 We must also assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance or adjust this allowance in a period, we must include an expense within the tax provisions in the statement of income. 

NET INCOME AND EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
 The Company s net income during 2022 was 346.5 million, or 4.99 per diluted share, compared with 376.9 million, or 5.40 per diluted share, in 2021, and 262.0 million, or 3.77 per diluted share, in 2020. 
 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recorded net income of 82.2 million, or 1.18 per diluted share, compared with 81.9 million, or 1.18 per diluted share, for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, and 94.3 million, or 1.36 per diluted share, for the quarter ended December 31, 2020. 

EARNING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 
 Average earning assets were approximately 21.41 billion in 2022, compared with approximately 19.89 billion in 2021. The earning asset and interest-bearing liability mix is regularly monitored to maximize the net interest margin and, therefore, increase return on assets and shareholders equity. 
 
 The following statistical information should be read in conjunction with the remainder of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 31 

The following tables set forth the amount of average balance, interest income or interest expense, and average interest rate for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread and net interest margin on average interest-earning assets. Federally tax-exempt income is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming a 21 federal tax rate. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income/ 
 Expense 
 Average 
 Yield/ 
 Rate Paid 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income/ 
 Expense 
 Average 
 Yield/ 
 Rate Paid 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income/ 
 Expense 
 Average 
 Yield/ 
 Rate Paid 
 Assets Interest-earning assets: Federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits in banks and time deposits in other banks 2,004,508 23,085 1.15 2,877,263 3,924 0.14 564,921 1,886 0.33 Investment securities 1,163,460 36,145 3.11 842,201 23,252 2.76 1,289,800 33,875 2.63 Loans held for sale 718,599 29,699 4.13 1,463,614 42,651 2.91 1,497,051 47,760 3.19 Loans 17,521,461 808,826 4.62 14,703,956 637,861 4.34 14,018,582 648,137 4.62 Total interest-earning assets 21,408,028 897,755 4.19 19,887,034 707,688 3.56 17,370,354 731,658 4.21 Noninterest-earning assets 2,236,726 1,960,697 1,870,139 Total assets 23,644,754 21,847,731 19,240,493 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Savings and interest-bearing demand deposits 9,809,835 48,797 0.50 9,238,812 11,764 0.13 7,584,732 25,744 0.34 Time deposits 1,604,978 7,308 0.46 1,954,552 10,593 0.54 2,385,296 33,323 1.40 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 1,477 4 0.27 6,700 20 0.30 12,115 82 0.68 FHLB advances 279,409 9,710 3.48 48,888 775 1.59 849,546 7,701 0.91 Other borrowings 393,393 19,209 4.88 399,485 19,278 4.83 297,023 15,191 5.11 Subordinated deferrable interest debentures 127,316 7,832 6.15 125,324 5,355 4.27 124,632 6,709 5.38 Total interest-bearing liabilities 12,216,408 92,860 0.76 11,773,761 47,785 0.41 11,253,344 88,750 0.79 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 8,005,201 7,017,614 5,227,399 Other liabilities 340,064 228,687 228,331 Shareholders' equity 3,083,081 2,827,669 2,531,419 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 23,644,754 21,847,731 19,240,493 Interest rate spread 3.43 3.15 3.42 Net interest income 804,895 659,903 642,908 Net interest margin 3.76 3.32 3.70 
 
 32 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income represents the amount by which interest income on interest-earning assets exceeds interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is the largest component of our income and is affected by the interest rate environment and the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Our interest-earning assets include loans, investment securities, other investments, interest-bearing deposits in banks, federal funds sold and time deposits in other banks. Our interest-bearing liabilities include deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, other borrowings and subordinated deferrable interest debentures. 
 
 2022 compared with 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income was 893.9 million, an increase of 190.8 million, or 27.1 , compared with the same period in 2021. Average earning assets increased 1.52 billion, or 7.6 , to 21.41 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 19.89 billion for 2021. Yield on average earning assets on a taxable equivalent basis increased during 2022 to 4.19 , compared with 3.56 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average yields on all interest-earning asset categories increased from 2021 to 2022 as market interest rates increased. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits and other borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 92.9 million, an increase of 45.1 million, or 94.3 , compared with 47.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022 average interest-bearing liabilities were 12.22 billion as compared with 11.77 billion for 2021, an increase of 442.6 million, or 3.8 . During 2022, average noninterest-bearing deposit accounts were 8.01 billion and comprised 41.2 of average total deposits, compared with 7.02 billion, or 38.5 of average total deposits, during 2021. Average balances of time deposits amounted to 1.60 billion and comprised 8.3 of average total deposits during 2022, compared with 1.95 billion, or 10.7 of average total deposits, during 2021. 
 
 On a taxable-equivalent basis, net interest income for 2022 was 804.9 million, compared with 659.9 million in 2021, an increase of 145.0 million, or 22.0 . The Company s net interest margin, on a tax equivalent basis, increased 44 basis points to 3.76 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 3.32 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Accretion expense for 2022 was 285,000, compared with accretion income of 16.3 million for 2021. 
 
 2021 compared with 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income was 703.1 million, a decrease of 23.4 million, or 3.2 , compared with the same period in 2020. Average earning assets increased 2.52 billion, or 14.5 , to 19.89 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with 17.37 billion for 2020. Yield on average earning assets on a taxable equivalent basis decreased during 2021 to 3.56 , compared with 4.21 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Average yields on all interest-earning asset categories except investment securities decreased from 2020 to 2021 as market interest rates declined. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits and other borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 47.8 million, a decrease of 41.0 million, or 46.2 , compared with 88.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. During 2021 average interest-bearing liabilities were 11.77 billion as compared with 11.25 billion for 2020, an increase of 520.4 million, or 4.6 . During 2021, average noninterest-bearing deposit accounts were 7.02 billion and comprised 38.5 of average total deposits, compared with 5.23 billion, or 34.4 of average total deposits, during 2020. Average balances of time deposits amounted to 1.95 billion and comprised 10.7 of average total deposits during 2021, compared with 2.39 billion, or 15.7 of average total deposits, during 2020. 
 
 On a taxable-equivalent basis, net interest income for 2021 was 659.9 million, compared with 642.9 million in 2020, an increase of 17.0 million, or 2.6 . The Company s net interest margin, on a tax equivalent basis, decreased 38 basis points to 3.32 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with 3.70 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Accretion income for 2021 decreased to 16.3 million, compared with 27.4 million for 2020. 
 
 33 

The summary of changes in interest income and interest expense on a fully taxable equivalent basis resulting from changes in volume and changes in rates for each category of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are shown in the following table: 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Increase Changes Due To Increase Changes Due To (dollars in thousands) (Decrease) Rate Volume (Decrease) Rate Volume Increase (decrease) in: Income from earning assets: Interest on federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits in banks and time deposits in other banks 19,161 20,351 (1,190) 2,038 (5,682) 7,720 Interest on investment securities 12,893 4,023 8,870 (10,623) 1,133 (11,756) Interest on loans held for sale (12,952) 8,758 (21,710) (5,109) (4,042) (1,067) Interest and fees on loans 170,965 48,741 122,224 (10,276) (41,964) 31,688 Total interest income 190,067 81,873 108,194 (23,970) (50,555) 26,585 Expense from interest-bearing liabilities: Interest on savings and interest-bearing demand deposits 37,033 36,306 727 (13,980) (19,594) 5,614 Interest on time deposits (3,285) (1,390) (1,895) (22,730) (16,712) (6,018) Interest on federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (16) (16) (62) (25) (37) Interest on FHLB advances 8,935 5,281 3,654 (6,926) 332 (7,258) Interest on other borrowings (69) 225 (294) 4,087 (1,153) 5,240 Interest on trust preferred securities 2,477 2,392 85 (1,354) (1,391) 37 Total interest expense 45,075 42,814 2,261 (40,965) (38,543) (2,422) Net interest income 144,992 39,059 105,933 16,995 (12,012) 29,007 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company's provision for credit losses on loans during 2022 amounted to 52.6 million, compared with a release of 35.1 million for 2021 and a provision of 125.5 million for 2020. The increased provision for 2022 was primarily attributable to loan growth and the updated economic forecast. Net charge-offs in 2022 were 0.08 of average loans, compared with 0.04 in 2021 and 0.31 in 2020. The Company sold selected hotel loans during the fourth quarter of 2020 totaling 87.5 million which resulted in charge-offs of 17.2 million. Excluding the impact of the hotel sale, net charge-offs for 2020 would have been 0.18 of average loans. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, non-performing assets amounted to 153.5 million, or 0.61 of total assets, compared with 101.8 million, or 0.43 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. Included in non-performing assets were serviced GNMA-guaranteed residential mortgage loans totaling 69.6 million and 30.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Non-performing assets, excluding GNMA-guaranteed loans, represented 0.34 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared with 0.30 of total assets at December 31, 2021. Other real estate was approximately 843,000 as of December 31, 2022, reflecting a 77.9 decrease from the 3.8 million reported at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company s allowance for credit losses on loans at December 31, 2022 was 205.7 million, or 1.04 of loans compared with 167.6 million, or 1.06 , and 199.4 million, or 1.38 , at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of loans compared with December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to improvements in forecast economic conditions in the Company's CECL model. 
 
 The Company's provision for unfunded commitments during 2022 amounted to 19.2 million, compared with 332,000 for 2021 and 19.1 million for 2020. The allowance for unfunded commitments on off-balance sheet credit exposures is estimated by loan segment at each balance sheet date under the current expected credit loss model using the same methodologies as portfolio loans, taking into consideration the likelihood that funding will occur as well as any third-party guarantees. The Company recorded a release of provision for other credit losses during 2022 totaling 139,000, compared with a release of 616,000 for 2021 and a provision of 830,000 for 2020. 
 
 34 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Following is a comparison of noninterest income for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Service charges on deposit accounts 44,499 45,106 44,145 Mortgage banking activity 184,904 285,900 374,077 Other service charges, commissions and fees 3,875 4,188 3,914 Net gain (loss) on securities 203 515 5 Gain on sale of SBA loans 5,552 6,623 7,226 Other noninterest income 45,391 23,212 17,133 284,424 365,544 446,500 
 
 2022 compared with 2021. Total noninterest income in 2022 was 284.4 million, compared with 365.5 million in 2021, reflecting a decrease of 22.2 , or 81.1 million. 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts decreased 607,000, or 1.3 , to 44.5 million during 2022 compared with 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable to the elimination of certain overdraft fees on consumer accounts and a reduction in debit card interchange income, partially offset by an increase in corporate services charges compared with 2021. 
 
 Income from mortgage banking activities decreased 101.0 million, or 35.3 , to 184.9 million during 2022 compared with 2021. This decrease was a result of a decline in production and tightening of gain on sale spreads compared with 2021. Total production in the retail mortgage division decreased to 5.5 billion for 2022, compared with 8.9 billion for 2021, while gain on sale spreads decreased in 2022 to 2.27 from 3.31 in 2021. The decrease in gain on sale spread is primarily related to normalization of pricing in the industry after experiencing record production levels in 2020. Noninterest income from the Company's warehouse lending division was 4.5 million for 2022 compared with 4.6 million for 2021. 
 
 Other service charges, commission and fees decreased by 313,000 to 3.9 million during 2022, a decrease of 7.5 compared with 2021 due primarily to a decrease in ATM fees. 
 
 Gain on sale of SBA loans decreased by 1.1 million, or 16.2 , to 5.6 million during 2022 compared with 2021, while loans sold decreased 26.6 million, or 34.8 , to 50.0 million during 2022 compared with 2021. 
 
 Other noninterest income increased by 22.2 million, or 95.5 , to 45.4 million during 2022 compared with 2021. This increase was primarily due to increases in noninterest income in our equipment finance division, BOLI income, merchant fee income and gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights of 18.1 million, 1.9 million, 2.0 million and 1.4 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by reduction in recovery of prior SBA servicing right impairment of 906,000 compared with 2021. 
 
 2021 compared with 2020. Total noninterest income in 2021 was 365.5 million, compared with 446.5 million in 2020, reflecting a decrease of 18.1 , or 81.0 million. 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 961,000, or 2.2 , to 45.1 million during 2021 compared with 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to increases in debit card interchange income and corporate services charges, partially offset by a decline in volume of NSF income which declined 1.8 million compared with 2020. 
 
 Other service charges, commission and fees increased by 274,000 to 4.2 million during 2021, an increase of 7.0 compared with 2020 due primarily to an increase in ATM fees. 
 
 Income from mortgage banking activities decreased 88.2 million, or 23.6 , to 285.9 million during 2021 compared with 2020. This decrease was a result of a decline in production and tightening of gain on sale spreads compared with 2020. Total production in the retail mortgage division decreased to 8.9 billion for 2021, compared with 9.8 billion for 2020, while gain on sale spreads decreased in 2021 to 3.31 from 3.79 in 2020. The decrease in gain on sale spread is primarily related to normalization of pricing in the industry after experiencing record production levels in 2020. Noninterest income from the Company's warehouse lending division increased 739,000 to 4.6 million for 2021 compared with 3.9 million for 2020. 
 
 35 

Gain on sale of SBA loans decreased by 603,000, or 8.3 , to 6.6 million during 2021 compared with 2020, while loans sold decreased 12.5 million, or 14.0 , to 76.6 million during 2021 compared with 2020. 
 
 Other noninterest income increased by 6.1 million, or 35.5 , to 23.2 million during 2021 compared with 2020. This increase was primarily due to increases in BOLI income, trust services income and merchant fee income of 1.8 million, 1.8 million and 1.3 million, respectively. Non-mortgage loan servicing income decreased 249,000 in 2021 primarily due to increased amortization related to declines in serviced portfolio balances, partially offset by a 906,000 recovery of prior SBA servicing right impairment. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Following is a comparison of noninterest expense for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Salaries and employee benefits 319,719 337,776 360,278 Occupancy and equipment 51,361 48,066 52,349 Advertising and marketing 12,481 8,434 8,046 Amortization of intangible assets 19,744 14,965 19,612 Data processing and communications expenses 49,228 45,976 46,017 Legal and other professional fees 16,439 11,920 15,972 Credit resolution-related expenses 29 3,538 5,106 Merger and conversion charges 1,212 4,206 1,391 FDIC insurance 8,063 5,614 14,078 Loan servicing expenses 36,835 26,481 20,910 Other noninterest expenses 45,544 53,148 54,870 560,655 560,124 598,629 
 
 2022 compared with 2021. Total noninterest expense increased slightly to 560.7 million in 2022, compared with 560.1 million in 2021. Total noninterest expense for 2022 includes approximately 1.2 million in merger-related charges, 151,000 in natural disaster expense and 45,000 in gains on sale of bank premises. Total noninterest expense for 2021 includes approximately 4.2 million in merger-related charges and 510,000 in losses on sale of bank premises. Excluding these amounts, expenses in 2022 increased by 3.9 million, or 0.7 , compared with 2021 levels. 
 
 Salaries and benefits decreased 18.1 million, or 5.3 , from 337.8 million in 2021 to 319.7 million in 2022. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in variable pay resulting from decreased production levels in our retail mortgage division. Salaries and benefits in our mortgage division decreased 60.0 million, or 35.7 , to 107.8 million in 2022. This decrease was partially offset by additional salaries and benefits in our equipment finance division resulting from the acquisition of Balboa in December 2021. Full time equivalent employees decreased from 2,865 at December 31, 2021 to 2,847 at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Occupancy costs increased 3.3 million, or 6.9 , from 48.1 million in 2021 to 51.4 million in 2022 due primarily to additional amortization resulting from technology projects placed in service in late 2021 and throughout 2022. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets increased 4.8 million, or 31.9 , to 19.7 million for 2022 compared with 15.0 million for 2021. This increase was attributable to our acquisition of Balboa. 
 
 Legal and other professional fees increased 4.5 million, or 37.9 , from 11.9 million in 2021 to 16.4 million in 2022, primarily due to additional collection related expenses in our equipment finance division. 
 
 Merger and conversion charges were 1.2 million in 2022, a decrease of 3.0 million, or 71.2 , compared with 4.2 million recorded for 2021. Merger and conversion charges for both periods were primarily related to the acquisition of Balboa. 
 
 Other noninterest expense decreased 7.6 million, or 14.3 , to 45.5 million in 2022 from 53.1 million in 2021, resulting primarily from an increase in deferred costs related to our equipment finance division production and net gains on sale of other real estate owned and a decrease in other real estate owned expenses. These items were partially offset by increases in fraud 
 36 

and forgery losses, armored car expense, ATM expense, tax and license expense and payment processing expenses related to our equipment finance division. Also contributing to the decrease was a decrease in variable expenses related to our mortgage production. 
 
 2021 compared with 2020. Total noninterest expense decreased 38.5 million, or 6.4 , in 2021 to 560.1 million from 598.6 million in 2020. Total noninterest expense for 2021 include approximately 4.2 million in merger-related charges and 510,000 in losses on sale of bank premises. Total noninterest expense for 2020 include approximately 1.4 million in merger-related charges, 624,000 in losses on sale of bank premises, 1.5 million in restructuring charges, 3.3 million in natural disaster and pandemic expenses charges, and 3.1 million in expenses related to the previously announced SEC and DOJ investigation. Excluding these amounts, expenses in 2021 decreased by 33.3 million, or 5.7 , compared with 2020 levels. 
 
 Salaries and benefits decreased 22.5 million, or 6.2 , from 360.3 million in 2020 to 337.8 million in 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in variable pay resulting from decreased production levels in our retail mortgage division. Salaries and benefits in our mortgage division decreased 17.0 million, or 9.2 , to 167.8 million in 2021. Also contributing to the decrease in salaries and benefits expense was a reduction in incentives tied to PPP loan production. Full time equivalent employees increased from 2,671 at December 31, 2020 to 2,865 at December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of the Balboa acquisition in December 2021. 
 
 Occupancy costs decreased 4.3 million, or 8.2 , from 52.3 million in 2020 to 48.1 million in 2021 due primarily to a reduction in leased locations related to previously announced branch consolidations and efficiency initiatives. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets decreased 4.6 million, or 23.7 , to 15.0 million for 2021 compared with 19.6 million for 2020. Core deposit intangibles are being amortized over an accelerated basis; therefore, the expense recorded will decline over the life of the asset. 
 
 Legal and other professional fees decreased 4.1 million, or 25.4 , from 16.0 million in 2020 to 11.9 million in 2021, primarily due to a decrease of 3.1 million related to the previously announced SEC and DOJ investigation. 
 
 Merger and conversion charges were 4.2 million in 2021, an increase of 2.8 million, or 202.4 , compared with 1.4 million recorded for 2020. Merger and conversion charges for 2021 were primarily related to the acquisition of Balboa while expenses for 2020 were primarily related to the acquisition of Fidelity. 
 
 Other noninterest expense decreased 1.7 million, or 3.1 , to 53.1 million in 2021 from 54.9 million in 2020, resulting primarily from decreases in natural disaster and pandemic charges, credit investigations and loan related expenses for loans previously covered under loss-sharing agreements with the FDIC, partially offset by increases in other losses and tax and license expense. Also contributing to the decrease was a decrease in variable expenses related to our elevated mortgage production. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense is influenced by statutory federal and state tax rates, the amount of taxable income, the amount of tax-exempt income and the amount of non-deductible expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded income tax expense of approximately 106.6 million, compared with 119.2 million recorded in 2021 and 78.3 million recorded in 2020. The Company s effective tax rate was 23.5 , 24.0 and 23.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

BALANCE SHEET COMPARISON 

LOANS 
 
 Management believes that our loan portfolio is adequately diversified. The loan portfolio contains no foreign loans or significant concentrations in any one industry. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 71.1 of our loan portfolio was secured by real estate, compared with 71.7 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 37 

The amount of loans outstanding at the indicated dates is shown in the following table according to type of loans. 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Commercial, financial and agricultural 2,679,403 1,875,993 Consumer 384,037 191,298 Indirect automobile 108,648 265,779 Mortgage warehouse 1,038,924 787,837 Municipal 509,151 572,701 Premium finance 1,023,479 798,409 Real estate - construction and development 2,086,438 1,452,339 Real estate - commercial and farmland 7,604,867 6,834,917 Real estate - residential 4,420,306 3,094,985 Loans, net of unearned income 19,855,253 15,874,258 
 
 The Company seeks to diversify its loan portfolio across its geographic footprint and in various loan types. Also, the Company s in-house lending limit for a single loan is 40.0 million for construction loans and 50.0 million for term loans with stabilized cash flows, which would normally prevent a concentration with a single loan project. Certain lending relationships may contain more than one loan and, consequently, exceed the in-house lending limit. The Company regularly monitors its largest loan relationships to avoid a concentration with a single borrower. The largest 25 loan relationships as of December 31, 2022 based on committed amount are summarized below by type. 
 (dollars in thousands) Committed Amount Average Rate Average Maturity (months) Unsecured in Nonaccrual Status Commercial, financial and agricultural 332,779 7.32 12 39.02 Mortgage warehouse 582,500 5.33 3 Real estate - construction and development 948,399 6.20 42 Real estate - commercial and farmland 687,370 5.30 40 Total 2,551,048 5.90 29 5.09 
 
 Total loans as of December 31, 2022, are shown in the following table according to their contractual maturity. 
 Contractual Maturity in: (dollars in thousands) One Year or Less Over One Year through Five Years Over Five Years through Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Commercial, financial and agricultural 505,061 1,520,026 638,731 15,585 2,679,403 Consumer 43,355 114,388 225,746 548 384,037 Indirect automobile 16,576 92,072 108,648 Mortgage warehouse 1,038,924 1,038,924 Municipal 4,475 43,742 399,686 61,248 509,151 Premium finance 1,003,342 20,137 1,023,479 Real estate - construction and development 849,755 990,999 216,269 29,415 2,086,438 Real estate - commercial and farmland 585,370 3,994,440 2,830,384 194,673 7,604,867 Real estate - residential 69,581 161,227 424,186 3,765,312 4,420,306 4,116,439 6,937,031 4,735,002 4,066,781 19,855,253 
 
 38 

Total loans which have maturity dates after one year are summarized below by those loans that have predetermined interest rates and those loans that have floating or adjustable interest rates. 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Predetermined interest rates Commercial, financial and agricultural 1,505,537 Consumer 134,682 Indirect automobile 92,072 Municipal 504,305 Premium finance 20,137 Real estate - construction and development 397,605 Real estate - commercial and farmland 5,632,119 Real estate - residential 2,814,812 11,101,269 Floating or adjustable interest rates Commercial, financial and agricultural 668,805 Consumer 206,000 Municipal 371 Real estate - construction and development 839,078 Real estate - commercial and farmland 1,387,378 Real estate - residential 1,535,913 4,637,545 

ALLOWANCE AND PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
 The allowance for credit losses ("ACL") represents an allowance for expected losses over the remaining contractual life of the assets adjusted for prepayments. The contractual term does not consider extensions, renewals or modifications unless the Company reasonably expects to execute a troubled debt restructuring with a borrower. The Company segregates the loan portfolio by type of loan and utilizes this segregation in evaluating exposure to risks within the portfolio. 
 
 The Company estimates the ACL on loans based on the underlying assets amortized cost basis, which is the amount at which the financing receivable is originated or acquired, adjusted for applicable accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs, collection of cash, and charge-offs. In the event that collection of principal becomes uncertain, the Company has policies in place to reverse accrued interest in a timely manner. Therefore, the Company has made a policy election to exclude accrued interest from the measurement of ACL. 
 
 Expected credit losses are reflected in the ACL through a charge to credit loss expense. When the Company deems all or a portion of a financial asset to be uncollectible the appropriate amount is written off and the ACL is reduced by the same amount. The Company applies judgment to determine when a financial asset is deemed uncollectible; however, generally speaking, an asset will be considered uncollectible no later than when all efforts at collection have been exhausted. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL when received. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses of financial assets on a collective (pool) basis, when the financial assets share similar risk characteristics. Depending on the nature of the pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics, the Company uses the DCF method or the PD LGD method which may be adjusted for qualitative factors. 
 
 The Company s methodologies for estimating the ACL consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The methodologies apply historical loss information, adjusted for asset-specific characteristics, economic conditions at the measurement date, and forecasts about future economic conditions expected to exist through the contractual lives of the financial assets that are reasonable and supportable, to the identified pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for which the historical loss experience was observed. The Company s methodologies revert back to historical loss information on a straight-line basis over four quarters when it can no longer develop reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 39 

The following table sets forth the breakdown of the allowance for credit losses on loans by loan category for the periods indicated. Management believes the allowance can be allocated only on an approximate basis. The allocation of the allowance to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any other category. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Amount of Loans to Total Loans Amount of Loans to Total Loans Amount of Loans to Total Loans Commercial, financial and agricultural 39,455 13 26,829 12 7,359 11 Consumer 5,413 2 6,097 1 4,076 2 Indirect automobile 174 1 476 2 1,929 4 Mortgage warehouse 2,118 5 3,231 5 3,666 6 Municipal 357 3 401 4 791 5 Premium finance 1,025 5 2,729 5 3,879 5 Real estate construction and development 32,659 11 22,045 9 45,304 11 Real estate commercial and farmland 67,433 38 77,831 43 88,894 37 Real estate - residential 57,043 22 27,943 19 43,524 19 Total 205,677 100 167,582 100 199,422 100 
 
 The following table provides an analysis of the net charge-offs (recoveries) by loan category for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2022 2021 2020 Net charge-offs (recoveries) Average Balance Rate Net charge-offs (recoveries) Average balance Rate Net charge-offs (recoveries) Average balance Rate Commercial, financial and agricultural 8,681 2,116,723 0.41 2,033 1,526,100 0.13 8,758 1,400,398 0.63 Consumer 4,044 214,162 1.89 5,309 235,056 2.26 3,889 472,253 0.82 Indirect automobile (780) 178,305 (0.44) (491) 404,461 (0.12) 1,945 803,212 0.24 Mortgage warehouse 891,285 827,159 749,671 Municipal 531,324 623,839 688,585 Premium finance 387 922,551 0.04 (1,202) 752,094 (0.16) 2,944 683,630 0.43 Real estate - construction and development (865) 1,761,853 (0.05) (273) 1,493,855 (0.02) (734) 1,616,655 (0.05) Real estate - commercial and farmland 3,349 7,155,542 0.05 1,279 5,958,257 0.02 26,055 4,835,463 0.54 Real estate - residential (301) 3,749,716 (0.01) (464) 2,883,135 (0.02) 59 2,768,715 14,515 17,521,461 0.08 6,191 14,703,956 0.04 42,916 14,018,582 0.31 
 
 The following table provides an analysis of the allowance for credit losses on loans held for investment. 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Allowance for credit losses on loans at end of period 205,677 167,582 199,422 Loan balances: End of period 19,855,253 15,874,258 14,480,925 Allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of end of period loans 1.04 1.06 1.38 Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of end of period loans 0.68 0.54 0.53 Allowance for credit losses to nonaccrual loans at end of period 152.57 196.54 260.83 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses on loans totaled 205.7 million, or 1.04 of loans, compared with 167.6 million, or 1.06 of loans, at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses on loans as a 
 40 

percentage of loans compared with December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to improvements in forecast economic conditions during 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net charge off ratio as a percentage of average loans increased to 0.08 , compared with 0.04 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily a result of the expansion of our equipment finance division at the end of 2021 which resulted in increased net charge-offs in our commercial, financial and agricultural loan segment. 
 
 The provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a provision of 52.6 million, compared with a release of 35.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase primarily resulted from organic loan growth during 2022 and the updated economic forecast. While overall forecast economic conditions improved compared with those at December 31, 2021, the rate of improvement in the economic variables slowed. As of December 31, 2022 our ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets had increased to 0.61 from 0.43 at December 31, 2021. Included in non-performing assets were serviced GNMA-guaranteed residential mortgage loans totaling 69.6 million and 30.4 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Non-performing assets, excluding GNMA-guaranteed loans, represented 0.34 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared with 0.30 of total assets at December 31, 2021. 

NONPERFORMING LOANS 
 
 A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in management s judgment, the collection of the interest income appears doubtful. Interest receivable that has been accrued and is subsequently determined to have doubtful collectability is reversed against interest income. Interest on loans that are classified as nonaccrual is recognized when received. Past due loans are placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest is past due 90 days or more unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. In some cases, where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties, loans may be restructured to provide terms significantly different from the original contractual terms. The following table presents an analysis of loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis and loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal payments and still accruing. 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccrual loans Commercial, financial and agricultural 11,094 14,214 Consumer 420 476 Indirect automobile 346 947 Real estate - construction and development 523 492 Real estate - commercial and farmland 13,203 15,365 Real estate - residential 109,222 53,772 Total 134,808 85,266 Loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal payments and still accruing 17,865 12,648 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 The restructuring of a loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the Company has granted a concession. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a balance of 40.2 million and 76.6 million, respectively, in troubled debt restructurings. These totals do not include COVID-19 loan modifications accounted for under Section 4013 of the CARES Act. The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings by loan class classified separately as accrual and non-accrual at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 41 

As of December 31, 2022 
 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Loan class # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural 7 835 3 743 Consumer 3 3 8 11 Indirect automobile 151 533 16 55 Premium finance 4 171 Real estate - construction and development 2 693 1 17 Real estate - commercial and farmland 16 7,995 5 767 Real estate - residential 205 24,166 30 4,181 Total 388 34,396 63 5,774 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Loan class # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural 12 1,286 6 83 Consumer 7 16 17 35 Indirect automobile 233 1,037 52 273 Real estate - construction and development 4 789 1 13 Real estate - commercial and farmland 25 35,575 5 5,924 Real estate - residential 213 26,879 39 4,678 Total 494 65,582 120 11,006 
 
 The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings by loan class classified separately as those currently paying under restructured terms and those that have defaulted (defined as 30 days past due) under restructured terms at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Loans Currently Paying Under Restructured Terms Loans that have Defaulted Under Restructured Terms Loan class # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural 8 837 2 741 Consumer 4 3 7 11 Indirect automobile 133 428 34 160 Premium finance 4 171 Real estate - construction and development 3 710 Real estate - commercial and farmland 19 8,714 2 48 Real estate - residential 179 20,356 56 7,991 Total 350 31,219 101 8,951 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Loans Currently Paying Under Restructured Terms Loans that have Defaulted Under Restructured Terms Loan class # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural 11 1,269 7 100 Consumer 10 17 14 34 Indirect automobile 233 1,052 52 258 Real estate - construction and development 4 789 1 13 Real estate - commercial and farmland 29 41,452 1 47 Real estate - residential 215 26,956 37 4,601 Total 502 71,535 112 5,053 
 42 

The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings by types of concessions made, classified separately as accrual and non-accrual at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Type of Concession # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Forgiveness of interest 3 279 1 54 Forbearance of interest 12 974 1 41 Forbearance of principal 246 21,514 32 3,728 Forbearance of principal and interest 1 402 Rate reduction only 51 4,494 3 252 Rate reduction, forbearance of interest 30 2,330 1 2 Rate reduction, forbearance of principal 14 2,499 19 961 Rate reduction, forgiveness of interest 32 2,306 5 334 Total 388 34,396 63 5,774 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Type of Concession # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Forgiveness of interest 3 287 Forbearance of interest 16 1,218 1 15 Forbearance of principal 332 49,778 73 9,783 Rate reduction only 55 6,321 4 200 Rate reduction, maturity extension 1 1 Rate reduction, forbearance of interest 33 2,296 6 319 Rate reduction, forbearance of principal 18 2,694 29 363 Rate reduction, forgiveness of interest 37 2,988 6 325 Total 494 65,582 120 11,006 
 
 43 

The following table presents the amount of troubled debt restructurings by collateral types, classified separately as accrual and non-accrual at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Collateral Type # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Warehouse 2 37 1 7 Raw land 3 1,686 3 64 Hotel and motel 1 127 Office 3 509 2 703 Retail, including strip centers 7 3,942 1 16 1-4 family residential 205 24,166 29 4,175 Church 2 2,387 Automobile/equipment/CD 161 1,372 27 809 Unsecured 4 170 Total 388 34,396 63 5,774 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Collateral Type # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Warehouse 3 61 2 272 Raw land 6 3,776 1 13 Hotel and motel 4 22,069 1 4,798 Office 5 710 1 485 Retail, including strip centers 8 7,118 1 370 1-4 family residential 215 27,129 39 4,678 Church 2 2,393 Automobile/equipment/CD 251 2,326 75 390 Total 494 65,582 120 11,006 

LIQUIDITY AND INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY 
 
 Liquidity management involves the matching of the cash flow requirements of customers, who may be either depositors desiring to withdraw funds or borrowers needing assurance that sufficient funds will be available to meet their credit needs, and the ability of our Company to meet those needs. We seek to meet liquidity requirements primarily through management of short-term investments (principally interest-bearing deposits in banks) and monthly amortizing loans. Another source of liquidity is the repayment of maturing single payment loans. In addition, our Company maintains relationships with correspondent banks, including the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, which could provide funds on short notice, if needed. 
 
 A principal objective of our asset/liability management strategy is to minimize our exposure to changes in interest rates by matching the maturity and repricing horizons of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. This strategy is overseen in part through the direction of our Asset and Liability Committee (the ALCO Committee which establishes policies and monitors results to control interest rate sensitivity. 
 
 As part of our interest rate risk management policy, the ALCO Committee examines the extent to which its assets and liabilities are interest rate sensitive and monitors its interest rate-sensitivity gap. An asset or liability is considered to be interest rate sensitive if it will reprice or mature within the time period analyzed, usually one year or less. The interest rate-sensitivity gap is the difference between the interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities scheduled to mature or reprice within such time period. A gap is considered positive when the amount of interest rate-sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest rate-sensitive liabilities. A gap is considered negative when the amount of interest rate-sensitive liabilities exceeds the interest rate-sensitive assets. During a period of rising interest rates, a negative gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income, while a positive gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income. During a period of falling interest rates, a negative gap would tend to result in an increase in net interest income, while a positive gap would tend to adversely affect net interest income. If our assets and liabilities were equally flexible and moved concurrently, the impact of any increase or decrease in interest rates on net interest income would be minimal. 
 44 

A simple interest rate gap analysis by itself may not be an accurate indicator of how net interest income will be affected by changes in interest rates. Accordingly, the ALCO Committee also evaluates how the repayment of particular assets and liabilities is impacted by changes in interest rates. Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated with interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by changes in interest rates. In addition, the magnitude and duration of changes in interest rates may have a significant impact on net interest income. For example, although certain assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods of repricing, they may not react identically to changes in market interest rates. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities fluctuate in advance of changes in general market interest rates, while interest rates on other types may lag behind changes in general market rates. In addition, certain assets, such as adjustable rate mortgage loans, have features (generally referred to as interest rate caps which limit changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. In the event of a change in interest rates, prepayment and early withdrawal levels also could deviate significantly from those assumed in calculating the interest rate gap. The ability of many borrowers to service their debts also may decrease in the event of an interest rate increase. 
 
 We manage the mix of asset and liability maturities in an effort to control the effects of changes in the general level of interest rates on net interest income. Except for its effect on the general level of interest rates, inflation does not have a material impact on the balance sheet due to the rate variability and short-term maturities of its earning assets. In particular, approximately 48.1 of earning assets mature or reprice within one year or less. Mortgage loans, generally our loan category with the longest maturity, are usually made with fifteen to thirty year maturities, but a portion is at a variable interest rate with an adjustment between origination date and maturity date. 

45 

The following table sets forth the distribution of the repricing of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as of December 31, 2022, the interest rate sensitivity gap (i.e., interest rate sensitive assets minus interest rate sensitive liabilities), the cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap, the interest rate sensitivity gap ratio (i.e., interest rate sensitive assets divided by interest rate sensitive liabilities) and the cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap ratio. The table also sets forth the time periods in which earning assets and liabilities will mature or may reprice in accordance with their contractual terms. However, the table does not necessarily indicate the impact of general interest rate movements on the net interest margin since the repricing of various categories of assets and liabilities is subject to competitive pressures and the needs of our customers. In addition, various assets and liabilities indicated as repricing within the same period may in fact reprice at different times within such period and at different rates. 
 December 31, 2022 Maturing or Repricing Within (dollars in thousands) Zero to Three Months Three Months to One Year One to Five Years Over Five Years Total Interest-earning assets: Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits in banks 833,565 833,565 Investment securities 8,759 90,449 993,185 542,531 1,634,924 Loans held for sale 392,078 392,078 Loans 5,316,775 4,294,667 6,859,658 3,384,153 19,855,253 6,551,177 4,385,116 7,852,843 3,926,684 22,715,820 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand deposits 3,871,784 3,871,784 Money market deposit accounts 5,198,165 5,198,165 Savings 993,743 993,743 Time deposits 300,405 932,618 235,583 861 1,469,467 FHLB advances 1,450,000 30,000 18,625 1,498,625 Other borrowings 74,449 302,662 377,111 Trust preferred securities 128,322 128,322 12,016,868 932,618 568,245 19,486 13,537,217 Interest rate sensitivity gap (5,465,691) 3,452,498 7,284,598 3,907,198 9,178,603 Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap (5,465,691) (2,013,193) 5,271,405 9,178,603 Interest rate sensitivity gap ratio 0.55 4.70 13.82 203.39 Cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap ratio 0.55 0.84 1.39 1.68 
 
 46 

INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 
 
 Following is a summary of the carrying value of debt securities available-for-sale as of the end of each reported period: 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 U.S. Treasuries 759,534 U.S. government-sponsored agencies 979 7,172 State, county and municipal securities 34,195 47,812 Corporate debt securities 15,926 28,496 SBA pool securities 27,398 45,201 Mortgage-backed securities 662,028 463,940 Total debt securities available-for-sale 1,500,060 592,621 
 
 Following is a summary of the carrying value of debt securities held-to-maturity as of the end of each reported period: 
 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 State, county and municipal securities 31,905 8,905 Mortgage-backed securities 102,959 70,945 Total debt securities held-to-maturity 134,864 79,850 
 
 47 

The amounts of securities available-for-sale and held-to in each category as of December 31, 2022 are shown in the following table according to contractual maturity classifications: (i) one year or less, (ii) after one year through five years, (iii) after five years through ten years and (iv) after ten years. 
 Securities available-for-sale (1) U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government-sponsored Agencies State, County and Municipal Securities (dollars in thousands) Amount Yield 
 (2) 
 Amount Yield 
 (2) 
 Amount Yield 
 (2)(3) 
 One year or less 47,938 4.66 2,464 3.55 After one year through five years 711,596 3.13 979 2.16 18,521 3.93 After five years through ten years 7,071 4.35 After ten years 6,139 3.63 759,534 3.22 979 2.16 34,195 3.94 Securities available-for-sale (1) Corporate Debt Securities SBA Pool Securities Mortgage-backed Securities Amount Yield 
 (2) 
 Amount Yield 
 (2) 
 Amount Yield 
 (2) 
 One year or less 500 3.88 147 2.71 20,756 2.80 After one year through five years 1,496 3.04 6,922 2.09 182,602 3.15 After five years through ten years 12,395 4.87 5,213 2.56 193,944 3.13 After ten years 1,535 6.75 15,116 2.95 264,726 3.20 15,926 4.89 27,398 2.66 662,028 3.15 Securities held-to-maturity (1) State, County and Municipal Securities Mortgage-backed Securities Amount Yield 
 (2)(3) 
 Amount Yield 
 (2) 
 One year or less After one year through five years 10,956 1.01 After five years through ten years 38,700 2.66 After ten years 31,905 3.93 53,303 2.21 31,905 3.93 102,959 2.26 
 (1) The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities are presented based on contractual maturities. Actual cash flows may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties. 
 (2) Yields were computed using coupon interest, adding discount accretion or subtracting premium amortization, as appropriate, on a ratable basis over the life of each security. The weighted average yield for each maturity range was computed using the amortized cost of each security in that range. 
 (3) Yields on securities of state and political subdivisions are stated on a taxable-equivalent basis, using a tax rate of 21 . 
 
 The investment portfolio includes securities which are classified as available-for-sale and recorded at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect. Securities classified as held-to-maturity are recorded at amortized cost. 
 
 The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest method over the life of the securities. Realized gains and losses, determined on the basis of the cost of specific securities sold, are included in earnings on the trade date. 
 
 Management and the ALCO Committee evaluates available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation, to determine if credit-related impairment exists. Management first evaluates whether they intend to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell an impaired security before recovering its amortized cost basis. If either criteria is met, the entire amount of unrealized loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis. If either of the above criteria is not met, management evaluates whether the decline in fair value is attributable to credit or resulted from other factors. The Company does not intend to sell these investment securities at an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, and it is more 
 48 

likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery or maturity. Based on the results of management's review, at December 31, 2022, management determined 75,000 was attributable to credit impairment and increased the allowance for credit losses accordingly. The remaining 59.1 million in unrealized loss was determined to be from factors other than credit. The Company's held-to-maturity securities have no expected credit losses and no related allowance for credit losses has been established. 

DEPOSITS 
 
 Average amount of various deposit classes and the average rates paid thereon are presented below. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (dollars in thousands) Amount Rate Amount Rate Noninterest-bearing demand 8,005,201 7,017,614 NOW 3,675,586 0.39 3,400,441 0.10 Money market 5,128,497 0.65 4,953,748 0.16 Savings 1,005,752 0.13 884,623 0.06 Time 1,604,978 0.46 1,954,552 0.54 Total deposits 19,420,014 0.29 18,210,978 0.12 
 
 We have a large, stable base of time deposits with little or no dependence on what we consider volatile deposits. Volatile deposits, in management s opinion, are those deposit accounts that are overly rate sensitive and apt to move if our rate offerings are not at or near the top of the market. Generally speaking, these are brokered deposits or time deposits in amount greater than 250,000. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had brokered deposits of 280.5 million. The amounts of time certificates of deposit issued in amounts of more than 250,000 as of December 31, 2022, are shown below by category, which is based on time remaining until maturity of (i) three months or less, (ii) over three through twelve months and (iii) greater than one year. 
 (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Three months or less 68,318 Over three months through six months 47,294 Over six months through one year 191,774 Over one year 49,459 Total 356,845 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had estimated uninsured deposits of 9.15 billion and 9.11 billion, respectively. These estimates were derived using the same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting. 

OFF-BALANCE-SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, our Bank has granted commitments to extend credit to approved customers. Generally, these commitments to extend credit have been granted on a temporary basis for seasonal or inventory requirements or for construction period financing and have been approved within the Bank s credit guidelines. Our Bank has also granted commitments to approved customers for financial standby letters of credit. These commitments are recorded in the financial statements when funds are disbursed or the financial instruments become payable. The Bank uses the same credit policies for these off-balance-sheet commitments as it does for financial instruments that are recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitment amounts expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 
 49 

The following table summarizes commitments outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Commitments to extend credit 6,318,039 4,328,749 Unused lines of credit 345,001 272,029 Financial standby letters of credit 33,557 36,184 Mortgage interest rate lock commitments 148,148 417,126 Mortgage forward contracts with positive fair value - notional amount 689,500 Mortgage forward contracts with negative fair value - notional amount 1,935,237 7,534,245 6,989,325 
 
 The following table summarizes short-term borrowings for the periods indicated. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Average 
 Balance 
 Average 
 Rate 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Average 
 Rate 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Average 
 Rate 
 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreement to repurchase 1,477 0.27 6,700 0.30 12,115 0.68 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (dollars in thousands) Total 
 Balance 
 Total 
 Balance 
 Total Balance Total maximum short-term borrowings outstanding at any month-end during the year 6,924 9,320 15,998 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank totaling 400.0 million were used to guarantee the Bank s performance related to a portion of its public fund deposit balances. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information about contractual cash obligations as of December 31, 2022. Payments Due After December 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands) Total 1 Year or Less 1-3 Years 4-5 Years >5 Years Deposits without a stated maturity 17,993,271 17,993,271 Time certificates of deposit 1,469,467 1,233,023 199,564 36,019 861 Other borrowings 1,878,469 1,525,000 15,000 15,000 323,469 Subordinated deferrable interest debentures 154,390 154,390 Operating lease obligations 68,524 11,327 17,666 13,797 25,734 Total contractual cash obligations 21,564,121 20,762,621 232,230 64,816 504,454 
 
 At December 31, 2022, estimated costs to complete construction projects in progress and other binding commitments for capital expenditures were not a material amount. 
 
 50 

CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
 
 Capital Regulations 
 
 The capital resources of the Company are monitored on a periodic basis by state and federal regulatory authorities. During 2022, the Company s capital increased 230.9 million, primarily due to net income of 346.5 million, which was partially offset by the cash dividends declared on common shares of 41.7 million and the impact to other comprehensive income of 62.1 million resulting from rising rates on our investment portfolio. During 2021, the Company s capital increased 319.4 million, primarily due to net income of 376.9 million, which was partially offset by the cash dividends declared on common shares of 42.0 million. For both 2022 and 2021, other capital related transactions, such as share-based compensation, common stock issuances through the exercise of stock options, and issuances of shares of restricted stock accounted for only a small change in the capital of the Company. 
 
 Under the regulatory capital frameworks adopted by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, Ameris and the Bank must each maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6 , a total capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8 and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets of at least 4 . Ameris and the Bank are also required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets in addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 
 In March 2020, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of CECL. The interim final rule provides banking organizations that implement CECL in 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. As a result, the Company and Bank elected the five-year transition relief allowed under the interim final rule effective March 31, 2020. 
 
 The following table summarizes the regulatory capital levels of Ameris at December 31, 2022. 
 Actual Required Excess (dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (tier 1 capital to average assets) 
 Consolidated 2,185,694 9.36 933,928 4.00 1,251,766 5.36 Ameris Bank 2,464,589 10.56 933,284 4.00 1,531,305 6.56 CET1 Ratio (common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets) 
 Consolidated 2,185,694 9.86 1,551,305 7.00 634,389 2.86 Ameris Bank 2,464,589 11.12 1,551,185 7.00 913,404 4.12 Tier 1 Capital Ratio (tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets) 
 Consolidated 2,185,694 9.86 1,883,727 8.50 301,967 1.36 Ameris Bank 2,464,589 11.12 1,883,581 8.50 581,008 2.62 Total Capital Ratio (total capital to risk weighted assets) 
 Consolidated 2,859,680 12.90 2,326,957 10.50 532,723 2.40 Ameris Bank 2,720,253 12.28 2,326,777 10.50 393,476 1.78 
 
 The required CET1 Ratio, Tier 1 Capital Ratio, and the Total Capital Ratio reflected in the table above include a capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 
 
 51 

INFLATION 
 
 The consolidated financial statements and related consolidated financial data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and practices within the banking industry which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. 

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 The following table sets forth certain consolidated quarterly financial information of the Company. This information is derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements, which include, in the opinion of management, all normal recurring adjustments which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the results for such periods. 
 Three Months Ended (dollars in thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Selected Income Statement Data: Interest income 273,642 234,302 202,568 183,374 Interest expense 49,505 21,321 11,204 10,830 Net interest income 224,137 212,981 191,364 172,544 Provision for credit losses 32,890 17,652 14,924 6,231 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 191,247 195,329 176,440 166,313 Noninterest income 48,348 65,324 83,841 86,911 Noninterest expense excluding merger and conversion charges 134,826 139,578 142,196 142,843 Merger and conversion charges 235 977 Income before income taxes 104,534 121,075 118,085 109,404 Income tax 22,313 28,520 28,019 27,706 Net income 82,221 92,555 90,066 81,698 Per Share Data: Basic earnings per common share 1.19 1.34 1.30 1.18 Diluted earnings per common share 1.18 1.34 1.30 1.17 Common dividends - cash 0.15 0.15 0.15 0.15 
 
 52 

Three Months Ended (dollars in thousands) December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Selected Income Statement Data: Interest income 178,365 173,046 173,751 177,950 Interest expense 11,528 11,385 11,899 12,973 Net interest income 166,837 161,661 161,852 164,977 Provision for credit losses 2,759 (9,675) 142 (28,591) Net interest income after provision for credit losses 164,078 171,336 161,710 193,568 Noninterest income 81,769 76,562 89,240 117,973 Noninterest expense excluding merger and conversion charges 134,346 137,013 135,761 148,798 Merger and conversion charges 4,023 183 Income before income taxes 107,478 110,702 115,189 162,743 Income tax 25,534 29,022 26,862 37,781 Net income 81,944 81,680 88,327 124,962 Per Share Data: Basic earnings per common share 1.18 1.18 1.27 1.80 Diluted earnings per common share 1.18 1.17 1.27 1.79 Common dividends - cash 0.15 0.15 0.15 0.15 
 
 53 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed only to U.S. Dollar interest rate changes and, accordingly, we manage exposure by considering the possible changes in the net interest margin. We do not have any trading instruments nor do we classify any portion of the investment portfolio as trading. Finally, we have no exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk or other market risks. 
 
 Interest rates play a major part in the net interest income of a financial institution. The sensitivity to rate changes is known as interest rate risk. The repricing of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities can influence the changes in net interest income. As part of our asset/liability management program, the timing of repriced assets and liabilities is referred to as gap management. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 As indicated by the table below, we are asset sensitive in relation to changes in market interest rates in the one-year and two-year time horizons. Being asset sensitive would result in net interest income increasing in a rising rate environment and decreasing in a declining rate environment. 
 
 We use simulation analysis to monitor changes in net interest income due to changes in market interest rates. The simulation of rising, declining and flat interest rate scenarios allow management to monitor and adjust interest rate sensitivity to minimize the impact of market interest rate swings. The analysis of the impact on net interest income over a twelve-month period is subjected to an instantaneous 100 basis point increase or 100 basis point decrease in market rates on net interest income and is monitored on a quarterly basis. Our most recent model projects net interest income would increase if rates rise 100 basis points over the next year. 
 
 The following table presents the earnings simulation model s projected impact of a change in interest rates on the projected baseline net interest income for the 12- and 24-month periods commencing January 1, 2023. This change in interest rates assumes parallel shifts in the yield curve and does not take into account changes in the slope of the yield curve. 
 
 Earnings Simulation Model Results Change in Change in Projected Baseline Interest Rates Net Interest Income (in bps) 12 Months 24 Months 400 3.7 14.9 300 4.3 12.1 200 3.5 8.4 100 1.8 4.3 (100) (2.1) (4.8) (200) (5.4) (10.9) 
 
 In the event of a shift in interest rates, we may take certain actions intended to mitigate the negative impact to net interest income or to maximize the positive impact to net interest income. These actions may include, but are not limited to, restructuring of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, seeking alternative funding sources or investment opportunities and modifying the pricing or terms of loans, leases and deposits. 
 
 Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 
 
 The consolidated financial statements and related notes presented elsewhere in this report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. This requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial companies, the vast majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on our performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 
 
 54 

LIBOR Transition 
 
 In 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that it would no longer compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. The administrator of LIBOR extended publication of the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings to June 30, 2023 and ceased publishing other LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021. On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act, as part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, which provides for a statutory transition to a replacement rate selected by the Federal Reserve based on the SOFR for contracts referencing LIBOR that contain no fallback provisions or ineffective fallback provisions, unless a replacement rate is selected by a determining person as outlined in the statute. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The U.S. federal banking agencies issued guidance strongly encouraging banking organizations to cease using U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate in new contracts as soon as practicable and in any event by December 31, 2021. We have significant but declining exposure to financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR to establish their interest rate and/or value, some of which mature after June 30, 2023. 
 
 We have established a working group, consisting of key stakeholders from throughout the Company, to monitor developments relating to LIBOR changes and to guide the Bank s response. This team is continuing to work to ensure that technology systems are prepared for the transition, loan documents that reference LIBOR-based rates have been appropriately amended to reference other methods of interest rate determinations and internal and external stakeholders are apprised of the transition. Over the next several months, we will continue to transition all remaining LIBOR-based products to an alternative benchmark. We will also continue to evaluate the transition process and align the Company s trajectory with regulatory guidelines regarding the cessation of LIBOR, including monitoring new developments for transitioning to alternative reference rates. 
 55 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, as required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forth on page F-2 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Amendment and Restatement of the Bylaws of Ameris Bancorp 
 
 Effective February 23, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved and adopted an amendment and restatement of the Bylaws of Ameris Bancorp (as so amended and restated, the Bylaws ). 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors approved the Bylaws as part of its periodic review of the Company s corporate governance documents. Among other matters, the Bylaws: 
 make certain updates in connection with the SEC s new rules relating to universal proxy cards (the Universal Proxy Rules ), including requiring shareholders to represent that they intend to solicit the requisite holders required by the Universal Proxy Rules and provide reasonable evidence that they have complied with the Universal Proxy Rules no later than five business days prior to the date of the applicable meeting of the Company s shareholders, and reserving white proxy cards for the exclusive use of the Company s Board of Directors; 
 expand the shareholder advance notice provisions that are applicable to director nominations to other business proposed to be brought before a meeting by a shareholder, and require certain information regarding any such proposed business, including a description of such business, the reasons for conducting such business and any material interest in such business, and certain additional information, including information regarding ownership by the proposing shareholder of derivative or hedging arrangements and an undertaking to deliver a director questionnaire and other information reasonably requested by the Company with respect to any director nominee, to be included in shareholder notices for business or director nominations; and 
 56 

provide for mandatory indemnification and expense reimbursement (to the maximum extent permitted by the Georgia Business Corporation Code) for directors and officers of the Company, or any other corporation of which they served as such at the request of the Company, in certain threatened, pending or completed actions. 
 
 The amendments also include certain other technical and conforming revisions and clarifications. 
 
 The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Bylaws, a copy of which (marked to show changes from the prior version) is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated by reference in this Item 9B. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 57 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information set forth under the captions Matters To Be Voted On - Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Governance - Director Independence, Environmental, Social and Governance Matters, Board of Directors - Board Members, Board of Directors - Board Committees, Board of Directors - Director Compensation, Information About Our Executive Officers, Executive Compensation - Employment Agreements, Audit Matters - Audit Committee Report and Stock Ownership - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 For information regarding amendments to the Company s Bylaws impacting the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees for election as directors of the Company, see the discussion of the amendment and restatement of the Company s Bylaws under Item 9B. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Ameris has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that is applicable to all employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller. The code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.amerisbank.com. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information set forth under the captions Board of Directors - Board Committees - Compensation Committee, Board of Directors - Director Compensation and Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC, is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information set forth under the caption Stock Ownership - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to securities to be issued under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (2) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 126,254 29.69 2,619,730 
 
 (1) Represents shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under the Fidelity Southern Corporation Equity Incentive Plan and the Fidelity Southern Corporation 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, each as amended, which options converted into options to acquire shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company on July 1, 2019, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 17, 2018, by and between the Company and Fidelity Southern Corporation, and performance stock units ("PSUs") granted under the 2014 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan and 2021 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan at target. PSUs are not taken into account in column (b). 
 58 

(2) Consists of our 2021 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, which provides for the granting to directors, officers and certain other employees of qualified or nonqualified stock options, stock units, stock awards, stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information set forth under the captions Governance - Director Independence, Board of Directors - Board Committees and Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC, is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information set forth under the caption Matters To Be Voted On - Proposal 2 - Ratification of Appointment of Our Registered Independent Public Accounting Firm, Board of Directors - Board Committees - Audit Committee and Audit Matters - Fees and Services in the Proxy Statement to be used in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC, is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 1. Financial statements: 
 (a) Ameris Bancorp and Subsidiaries: 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 
 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 
 (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and 
 (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (b) Ameris Bancorp (parent company only): 
 Parent company only financial information has been included in Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2. Financial statement schedules: 
 All schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes. 
 3. A list of the Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K to be filed as a part of this Annual Report is shown on the Exhibit Index filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 None. 
 59 

EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 17, 2018 by and between Ameris Bancorp and Fidelity Southern Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2018). 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp. 3.2 
 Bylaws of Ameris Bancorp, as amended and restated through February 23, 2023. 4.1 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp and Wilmington Trust Company dated September 20, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-138252) filed with the SEC on October 27, 2006). 4.2 
 Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture dated September 20, 2006 to Ameris Statutory Trust I (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Ameris Bancorp s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-138252) filed with the SEC on October 27, 2006). 4.3 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to The Prosperity Banking Company) and U.S. Bank National Association dated as of March 26, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2013 by and among Ameris Bancorp, The Prosperity Banking Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.5 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2033 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.6 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to The Prosperity Banking Company) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas dated as of June 24, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.7 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2013 by and among Ameris Bancorp, The Prosperity Banking Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.8 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Note Due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.9 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to The Prosperity Banking Company) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of January 31, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.10 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2013 by and among Ameris Bancorp, The Prosperity Banking Company and Wilmington Trust Company (pertaining to Indenture dated as of January 31, 2006) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.11 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2036 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.9 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.12 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to The Prosperity Banking Company) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of September 20, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 
 60 

4.13 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2013 by and among Ameris Bancorp, The Prosperity Banking Company and Wilmington Trust Company (pertaining to Indenture dated as of September 20, 2007) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.14 
 Form of Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2037 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.18 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2014). 4.15 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Coastal Bankshares, Inc.) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association dated as of August 27, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2014). 4.16 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2014 by and among Ameris Bancorp and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (pertaining to Indenture dated as of August 27, 2003) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2014). 4.17 
 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security Due 2033 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2014). 4.18 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Coastal Bankshares, Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association dated as of December 14, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2014). 4.19 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2014 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Coastal Bankshares, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (pertaining to Indenture dated as of December 14, 2005) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2014). 4.20 
 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security Due 2035 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2014). 4.21 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Merchants Southern Banks of Florida, Incorporated) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of March 17, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015). 4.22 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 22, 2015 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Merchants Southern Banks of Florida, Incorporated and Wilmington Trust Company (pertaining to Indenture dated as of March 17, 2005) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015). 4.23 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2035 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015). 4.24 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Merchants Southern Banks of Florida, Incorporated) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of March 30, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015). 4.25 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 22, 2015 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Merchants Southern Banks of Florida, Incorporated and Wilmington Trust Company (pertaining to Indenture dated as of March 30, 2006) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015). 4.26 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2036 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2015). 4.27 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of June 17, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 
 61 

4.28 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2016 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.29 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2034 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.30 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of September 15, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.31 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2016 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.32 
 Form of Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2035 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.33 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.) and Wilmington Trust Company dated as of December 14, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.34 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2016 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.35 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture Due 2036 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.36 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.37 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2016 by and between Ameris Bancorp and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.38 
 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security Due 2038 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.10 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016). 4.39 
 Subordinated Debt Indenture dated as of March 13, 2017 by and between Ameris Bancorp and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017). 4.40 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2017, by and between Ameris Bancorp and Wilmington Trust, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017). 4.41 
 Form of 5.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2017). 4.42 
 Indenture dated as of November 10, 2005 by and between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Hamilton State Bancshares, Inc.) and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2018). 
 62 

4.43 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 2018 by and among Ameris Bancorp, Hamilton State Bancshares, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2018). 4.44 
 Form of Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debenture (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2018). 4.45 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Fidelity Southern Corporation) and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of June 26, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.46 
 First Supplemental Indenture, among Ameris Bancorp, Fidelity Southern Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of July 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.47 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2033 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.48 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Fidelity Southern Corporation) and Wilmington Trust Company, dated as of March 17, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.49 
 First Supplemental Indenture, among Ameris Bancorp, Fidelity Southern Corporation and Wilmington Trust Company, dated as of July 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.50 
 Form of Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2035 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.51 
 Indenture between Ameris Bancorp (as successor to Fidelity Southern Corporation) and Wilmington Trust Company, dated as of August 20, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.52 
 First Supplemental Indenture, among Ameris Bancorp, Fidelity Southern Corporation and Wilmington Trust Company, dated as of July 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.53 
 Form of Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2037 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2019). 4.54 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2019, by and between Ameris Bancorp and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2019). 4.55 
 Form of 4.25 Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Ameris Bancorp s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2019). 4.56 
 Form of Global Note representing Fixed/Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.56 to Ameris Bancorp's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020). 4.57 
 Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 63 

4.58 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2020, by and between Ameris Bancorp and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Ameris Bancorp's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2020). 4.59 
 Form of 3.875 Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Ameris Bancorp's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2020). 10.1 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement with Jon S. Edwards, dated as of November 7, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Ameris Bancorp s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2012). 10.2 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement with Nicole S. Stokes, dated as of November 7, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018). 10.3 
 Ameris Bancorp 2014 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Ameris Bancorp s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on April 17, 2014). 10.4 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to Ameris Bancorp s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 26, 2014). 10.5 
 Form of Severance Protection and Restrictive Covenants Agreement for executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2019). 10.6 
 Employment Agreement by and among Ameris Bancorp, Ameris Bank and James B. Miller, Jr. dated as of December 17, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2019). 10.7 
 Employment Agreement by and among Ameris Bancorp, Ameris Bank and H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. dated as of December 17, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2019). 10.8 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and among Ameris Bancorp, Ameris Bank and H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. dated as of June 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2019). 10.9 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement with Lawton E. Bassett, III, dated as of November 7, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020). 10.10 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020). 10.11 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement with James A. LaHaise, dated as of November 10, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021). 10.12 
 Ameris Bancorp 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated through July 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 10.13 
 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 10.14 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 10.15 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021). 
 64 

10.16 
 Summary of Director Compensation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Ameris Bancorp's Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2022). 21.1 
 Schedule of Subsidiaries of Ameris Bancorp. 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 23.2 
 Consent of Crowe LLP. 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 65 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F-2 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 F-3 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-8 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-9 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-10 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-12 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-14 

F-1 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of Ameris Bancorp and subsidiaries (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. That report is included in this Annual Report on page F-5. 
 
 /s/ H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. /s/ Nicole S. Stokes H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. Nicole S. Stokes Chief Executive Officer Corporate EVP and Chief Financial Officer (principal executive officer) (principal accounting and financial officer) 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Ameris Bancorp: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ameris Bancorp and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Quantitative component of the allowance for credit losses on loans evaluated on a collective basis 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total allowance for credit losses on loans as of December 31, 2022 was 205.7 million, a portion of which related to the quantitative component of the allowance for credit losses on loans evaluated on a collective (pool) basis for the commercial, financial and agricultural, consumer installment, real estate - construction and development, real estate - commercial and farmland and real estate - residential loan segments (the quantitative collective ACL). The Company estimated the quantitative collective ACL utilizing a discounted cash flow (DCF) methodology applied to their loan pools segregated by similar risk characteristics. The Company s DCF methodology generates cash flow projections at the loan level wherein payment expectations are adjusted for estimated prepayment speeds, curtailments, time to recovery, probability of default (PD), and loss given default (LGD). The modeling of expected prepayment speeds and curtailment rates are based on historical internal data, and consider current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. The Company uses regression analysis of historical internal and peer loss data to determine suitable macroeconomic variables to utilize when modeling lifetime PD and LGD. This analysis also determines how expected PD and LGD will react to forecasted levels of the macroeconomic variables over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. At the end of the four-quarter reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to a historical loss rate on a straight-line basis over four quarters. Management leverages economic projections comprising multiple weighted scenarios from an independent third party to inform its macroeconomic variable forecasts over the reasonable and supportable forecast period. A portion of the allowance for credit losses is comprised of qualitative factors for model limitations and risk uncertainty as well as for loan segment specific risks that cannot be addressed in the quantitative methods. 

F-3 

We identified the assessment of the quantitative collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the quantitative collective ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the methodology, including the models used to estimate the PDs and LGDs as well as the selection and weighting of the economic projections and selection of macroeconomic variables. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the quantitative collective ACL estimate, including controls over the: 
 
 development of the quantitative collective ACL methodology 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes to the PD and LGD models 
 selection and weighting of the economic projections and selection of macroeconomic variables 
 conceptual soundness and performance of PD and LGD models and 
 analysis of the allowance for credit losses results, trends, and ratios. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the quantitative collective ACL estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the Company s quantitative collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating the selection of the economic projections, including weighting of the economic projections, and selection of macroeconomic variables used in the PD and LGD models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and relevant industry practices and 
 assessing the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD models by inspecting model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 F-4 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Ameris Bancorp: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Ameris Bancorp and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 F-5 

Crowe LLP 
 Independent Member Crowe Global 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Ameris Bancorp 
 Atlanta, Georgia 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows of Ameris Bancorp and Subsidiaries (the "Company") for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Crowe LLP 
 
 We served as the Company's auditor from 2014 through 2021. 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 26, 2021 
 
 F-6 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in banks Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Debt securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of and (fair value of and 
 Other investments Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans, net of unearned income Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Other real estate owned, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Cash value of bank owned life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19) 
 Shareholders Equity Preferred stock, stated value ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Interest on taxable securities Interest on nontaxable securities Interest on deposits in other banks Interest on federal funds sold Total interest income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) Provision for unfunded commitments Provision for other credit losses ) ) Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts Mortgage banking activity Other service charges, commissions and fees Net gain on securities Gain on sale of SBA loans Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Advertising and marketing Amortization of intangible assets Data processing and communications expenses Legal and other professional fees Credit resolution-related expenses Merger and conversion charges FDIC insurance Loan servicing expenses Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period on investment securities available-for-sale, net of tax expense (benefit) of ), and 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge during the period, net of tax expense (benefit) of , and 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Shares Amount Balance at beginning of period ) Issuance of restricted shares Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting for credit losses ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) during the period Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of restricted shares Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) during the period ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 
 
 F-10 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2022 
 ) Issuance of restricted shares Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) during the period ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Net losses on sale or disposal of premises and equipment Net write-downs on other assets Provision for credit losses ) Net write-downs and (gains) losses on sale of other real estate owned ) Share-based compensation expense Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of operating lease right of use assets Provision for deferred taxes ) ) Net amortization of debt securities available-for-sale ) Net amortization of debt securities held-to-maturity Net amortization of other investments Net gain on securities ) ) ) Accretion of discount on purchased loans, net ) ) Net amortization on other borrowings Amortization of subordinated deferrable interest debentures Loan servicing asset impairment (recovery) ) ) Originations of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Payments received on mortgage loans held for sale Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held for sale Net (gains) losses on mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Originations of SBA loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of SBA loans Net gains on sales of SBA loans ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Gain on bank owned life insurance proceeds ) ) ) Gains on sale of other loans held for sale ) Loss on sale of loans Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights ) Changes in FDIC loss-share receivable/payable, net of cash payments received (Increase) decrease in interest receivable ) ) Increase (decrease) in interest payable ) ) Increase (decrease) in taxes payable ) Change attributable to other operating activities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 

F-12 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Investing Activities, net of effects of business combinations Proceeds from maturities of time deposits in other banks Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) Purchases of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of securities held-to-maturity Net (increase) decrease in other investments ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) ) Payments received on other loans held for sale Purchase of loan pool ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Purchase of bank owned life insurance ) ) Payments paid to FDIC under loss-sharing agreements ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Proceeds from sales of other loans held for sale Proceeds from sales of loans Net cash proceeds received from (paid in) acquisitions ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities, net of effects of business combinations Net increase (decrease) in deposits ) Net decrease in securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) ) ) Proceeds from other borrowings Repayment of other borrowings ) ) ) Repayment of subordinated deferrable interest debentures ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Dividends paid - common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes Loans transferred to other real estate owned Loans transferred from loans held for sale to loans held for investment Loans transferred from loans held for investment to loans held for sale Loans provided for the sales of other real estate owned Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Assets acquired in business combination Liabilities assumed in business combination ) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Change in unrealized gain on cash flow hedge, net of tax See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F-13 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 

F-14 

and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company evaluates available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position to determine if credit-related impairment exists. The Company first evaluates whether it intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell an impaired security before recovering its amortized cost basis. If either criteria is met, the entire amount of unrealized loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis. If either of the above criteria is not met, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value is attributable to credit or resulted from other factors. If credit-related impairment exists, the Company recognizes an allowance for credit losses ("ACL"), limited to the amount by which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Refer to Note 3 for additional information related to the ACL for available-for-sale securities. Any impairment not recognized through an ACL is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax, as a non credit-related impairment. 
 
 The Company uses a systematic methodology to determine its ACL for debt securities held-to-maturity considering the effects of past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts on the collectability of the portfolio. The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the held-to-maturity portfolio. The Company monitors the held-to-maturity portfolio on a quarterly basis to determine whether a valuation account would need to be recorded. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million held-to-maturity securities, respectively, and related valuation account. 

F-15 

Visa Class B restricted shares owned by the Bank with a carrying value of approximately as of December 31, 2022. These shares are transferable only under limited circumstances until they can be converted into the publicly traded Visa Class A common shares. This conversion will not occur until the settlement of certain litigation which will be indemnified by Visa members, including the Bank. Visa funded an escrow account from its initial public offering to settle these litigation claims. Should this escrow account be insufficient to cover these litigation claims, Visa is entitled to fund additional amounts to the escrow account by reducing each member bank s Visa Class B conversion ratio to unrestricted Visa Class A shares. As of December 31, 2022, the conversion ratio was . 

F-16 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company carried an ACL of and , respectively, related to deferred interest on loans modified under its Disaster Relief Program. 
 
 Expected credit losses are reflected in the allowance for credit losses through a charge to provision for credit losses. The Company measures expected credit losses of loans on a collective (pool) basis, when the loans share similar risk characteristics. Depending on the nature of the pool of loans with similar risk characteristics, the Company estimates a quantitative component which currently uses the discounted cash flow DCF method or the PD LGD method which may be adjusted for qualitative factors as discussed further below. 
 
 The Company s methodologies for estimating the ACL consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The methodologies apply historical loss information, adjusted for asset-specific characteristics, economic conditions at the measurement date, and forecasts about future economic conditions over a period that has been determined to be reasonable and supportable, to the identified pools of loans with similar risk characteristics for which the historical loss experience was observed. The Company s methodologies revert back to historical loss information on a straight-line basis over four quarters when it can no longer develop reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 The Company has identified the following pools of loans with similar risk characteristics for measuring expected credit losses: 
 
 Commercial, financial, and agricultural - These loans and leases include both secured and unsecured borrowings for working capital, expansion, crop production, equipment finance and other business purposes. Commercial, financial and agricultural loans also include certain U.S. Small Business Administration SBA loans, including loans outstanding under the SBA's Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"). Short-term working capital loans are secured by non-real estate collateral such as accounts receivable, crops, inventory and equipment. The Bank evaluates the financial strength, cash flow, management, credit history of the borrower and the quality of the collateral securing the loan. The Bank often requires personal guarantees and secondary sources of repayment on commercial, financial and agricultural loans. 
 
 Consumer - These loans include home improvement loans, direct automobile loans, boat and recreational vehicle financing, personal lines of credit, and both secured and unsecured personal loans. Consumer loans carry greater risks than other loans, as the collateral can consist of rapidly depreciating assets such as automobiles and equipment that may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the loan in the case of default. 
 
 Indirect automobile - Indirect automobile loans are secured by automobile collateral, generally new and used cars and trucks from auto dealers that operate within selected states. Repayment of these loans depends largely on the personal income of the borrowers which can be affected by changes in economic conditions such as unemployment levels. Collateral consists of rapidly depreciating assets that may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the loan in the event of default. 
 
 Mortgage warehouse - Mortgage Warehouse facilities are provided to unaffiliated mortgage origination companies and are collateralized by one-to-four family residential loans or mortgage servicing rights. The originator closes new mortgage loans with the intent to sell these loans to third party investors for a profit. The Bank provides funding to the mortgage companies for the period between the origination and their sale of the loan. The Bank has a policy that requires that it separately validate that each residential mortgage loan was underwritten consistent with the underwriting requirements of the final investor or market standards prior to advancing funds. The Bank is repaid with the proceeds received from sale of the mortgage loan to the final investor. 
 
 F-17 

F-18 

F-19 

years, furniture and equipment useful lives range from three to years and the lives of software and computer related equipment range from three to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the related lease, or the related assets, whichever is shorter. Expenditures for major improvements of the Company s premises and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Minor repairs, maintenance and improvements are charged to operations as incurred. When assets are sold or disposed of, their cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in earnings. 
 
 years or less. Many of the leases have one or more lease renewal options. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. The Company does not consider exercise of any lease renewal options reasonably certain. Certain of our lease agreements contain early termination options. No renewal options or early termination options have been included in the calculation of the operating right-of-use assets or operating lease liabilities. Certain of our lease agreements provide for periodic adjustments to rental payments for 
 F-20 

. 
 
 The referral relationship intangibles are amortized over an estimated useful life of eight to . Trade name intangible assets are being amortized over an estimated useful life of five to . Non-compete agreement and patent intangible assets are being amortized over estimated useful lives of and , respectively. 

F-21 

million, million, and million of share-based compensation cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options Effect of dilutive restricted stock awards Effect of performance stock units Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per share 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding options exerciseable for common shares with strike prices that would cause the underlying shares to be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were options exerciseable for common shares with strike prices that would cause the underlying shares to be anti-dilutive. Therefore, such option shares have been excluded. 
 
 F-22 

Customer Derivatives 
 
 The Company also enters into interest rate derivative agreements to facilitate the risk management strategies of certain clients. The Company mitigates this risk by entering into equal and offsetting interest rate swap agreements with highly rated third-party financial institutions. The interest rate derivative agreements are free-standing derivatives and are recorded at fair value with any unrealized gain or loss recorded in other noninterest income in the Company's consolidated statements of income. These instruments, and their offsetting positions, are recorded in other assets and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 F-23 

reportable segments, the Banking Division, the Retail Mortgage Division, the Warehouse Lending Division, the SBA Division and the Premium Finance Division. The Banking Division derives its revenues from the delivery of full service financial services to include commercial loans, consumer loans and deposit accounts. The Retail Mortgage Division derives its revenues from the origination, sales and servicing of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. The Warehouse Lending Division derives its revenues from the origination and servicing of warehouse lines to other businesses that are secured by underlying one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and residential mortgage servicing rights. The SBA Division derives its revenues from the origination, sales and servicing of SBA loans. The Premium Finance Division derives its revenues from the origination and servicing of commercial insurance premium finance loans. 
 
 The Banking, Retail Mortgage, Warehouse Lending, SBA and Premium Finance Divisions are managed as separate business units because of the different products and services they provide. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on profit or loss from operations. There are no material intersegment sales or transfers. 
 
 F-24 

NOTE 2. 

million and other intangibles of million were recorded in the acquisition. of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 F-25 

NOTE 3. 
 
 ) U.S. government-sponsored agencies ) State, county and municipal securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ) SBA pool securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) December 31, 2021 U.S. government-sponsored agencies State, county and municipal securities Corporate debt securities ) SBA pool securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) 
 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) December 31, 2021 State, county and municipal securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) 
 
 Due from one year to five years Due from five to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities 
 F-26 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, serve as collateral to secure public deposits, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 
 
 ) ) U.S. government-sponsored agencies ) ) State, county and municipal securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) SBA pool securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Corporate debt securities ) ) SBA pool securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total debt securities ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s available-for-sale security portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. At December 31, 2022, the Company held mortgage-backed securities that were in an unrealized loss position. At December 31, 2022, the Company also held SBA pool securities, state, county and municipal securities, corporate securities, U.S. treasury securities and U.S. government-sponsored agency security that were in an unrealized loss position. 
 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) ) ) December 31, 2021 State, county and municipal securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s held-to-maturity security portfolio consisted of securities, all of which were in an unrealized loss position. At December 31, 2022, the Company held mortgage-backed securities and state, county and municipal securities that were in an unrealized loss position. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of the Company's mortgage-backed securities were obligations of government-sponsored agencies. 
 F-27 

was attributable to credit impairment and increased the allowance for credit losses accordingly. million in unrealized loss was determined to be from factors other than credit, primarily changes in market interest rates. 
 Current-period provision for expected credit losses ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company's held-to-maturity securities have expected credit losses and related allowance for credit losses has been established. ) Net realized gains on sales of other investments Net gain on securities 

NOTE 4. 
 
 Consumer Indirect automobile Mortgage warehouse Municipal Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential 
 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans 
 
 A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in management s judgment, the collection of the interest income appears doubtful. Interest receivable that has been accrued and is subsequently determined to have doubtful collectability is charged against interest income. Interest received on loans that are classified as nonaccrual is subsequently applied to principal until the loans 
 F-28 

Consumer Indirect automobile Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential (1) 
 
 (1) Included in real estate - residential were million and million of serviced GNMA-guaranteed nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 There was interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential 
 
 F-29 

Consumer Indirect automobile Mortgage warehouse Municipal Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 (dollars in thousands) Loans 30-59 Days Past Due Loans 60-89 Days Past Due Loans 90 or More Days Past Due Total Loans Past Due Current Loans Total Loans Loans 90 Days or More Past Due and Still Accruing December 31, 2021 Commercial, financial and agricultural Consumer Indirect automobile Mortgage warehouse Municipal Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans are loans where repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. If the Company determines that foreclosure is probable, these loans are written down to the lower of cost or collateral value less estimated costs to sell. When repayment is expected to be from the operation of the collateral, the allowance for credit losses is calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeds the present value of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. The Company may, in the alternative, measure the allowance for credit loss as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeded the estimated fair value of the collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of collateral-dependent loans which are primarily secured by real estate, equipment and receivables. 
 
 F-30 

Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 The Company uses a nine category risk grading system to assign a risk grade to each loan in the portfolio. The following is a description of the general characteristics of the grades: 
 
 Pass (Grades 1 - 5) These grades represent acceptable credit risk to the Company based on factors including creditworthiness of the borrower, current performance and nature of the collateral. 
 
 Other Assets Especially Mentioned (Grade 6) This grade includes loans that exhibit potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s credit position at some future date. 
 
 Substandard (Grade 7) This grade represents loans which are inadequately protected by the current credit worthiness and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any. These assets exhibit a well-defined weakness or are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These weaknesses may be characterized by past due performance, operating losses or questionable collateral values. 
 
 Doubtful (Grade 8) This grade includes loans which exhibit all of the characteristics of a substandard loan with the added provision that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable or improbable. 
 
 Loss (Grade 9) This grade is assigned to loans which are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as active assets of the Bank is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing it off. 
 
 loans risk graded 8 or 9 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F-31 

6 7 Total commercial, financial and agricultural Consumer Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total consumer Indirect Automobile Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total indirect automobile Mortgage Warehouse Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total mortgage warehouse Municipal Risk Grade: Pass Total municipal Premium Finance Risk Grade: Pass 7 Total premium finance Real Estate Construction and Development Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total real estate construction and development 
 F-32 

6 7 Total real estate commercial and farmland Real Estate - Residential Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total real estate - residential Total Loans Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total loans 
 
 Term Loans by Origination Year Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Total As of December 31, 2021 
 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Commercial, Financial and Agricultural Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total commercial, financial and agricultural Consumer Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total consumer Indirect Automobile Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total indirect automobile 
 F-33 

Total mortgage warehouse Municipal Risk Grade: Pass Total municipal Premium Finance Risk Grade: Pass 7 Total premium finance Real Estate Construction and Development Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total real estate construction and development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total real estate commercial and farmland Real Estate - Residential Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total real estate - residential Total Loans Risk Grade: Pass 6 7 Total loans 
 
 F-34 

million and million, respectively, under such parameters. These totals do not include modifications under our disaster relief program. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a balance of million and million, respectively, in troubled debt restructurings. The Company has recorded and in previous charge-offs on such loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s balance in the allowance for credit losses allocated to such troubled debt restructurings was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in troubled restructurings. 
 
 During the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company modified loans as troubled debt restructurings, with principal balances of million and million, respectively, and these modifications did not have a material impact on the Company's allowance for credit losses. These modifications do not include modifications for which the Company applied the temporary relief under Section 4013 of the CARES Act. 
 
 Consumer Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 F-35 

million and million defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and these defaults did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Consumer Indirect automobile Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 Consumer Indirect automobile Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 Accruing Loans Non-Accruing Loans Loan Class # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 # Balance 
 (in thousands) 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural Consumer Indirect automobile Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 Related Party Loans 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company has granted loans to certain executive officers, directors and their affiliates. These loans are made on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transaction and do not involve more than normal credit risk. 
 Advances Repayments ) ) Ending balance 
 
 F-36 

million. This purchase resulted in additions to the allowance for credit losses of approximately million between the commercial, financial and agricultural and consumer loan segments. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold million of selected hotel loans from its commercial real estate portfolio. This sale resulted in charge offs of million and a loss on sale of loans of . The Company designated a portfolio of consumer installment loans, totaling million at December 31, 2020, as held for sale during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. The transfer to held for sale resulted in million in charge offs and a provision release of approximately million. 
 
 Provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, December 31, 2022 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Balance, December 31, 2021 Provision for loan losses ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 F-37 

Initial allowance for PCD assets Provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, December 31, 2021 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Initial allowance for PCD assets Provision for loan losses ) ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial, Financial and Agricultural Consumer Indirect Automobile Mortgage Warehouse Municipal Premium Finance Year ended December 31, 2020 
 Balance, January 1, 2020 
 Adjustment to allowance for adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) Provision for loan losses ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, December 31, 2020 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Year ended December 31, 2020 
 Balance, January 1, 2020 
 Adjustment to allowance for adoption of ASU 2016-13 Provision for loan losses Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, December 31, 2020 

F-38 

in PCD loans from Balboa during the year ended December 31, 2021. A reconciliation of the purchase price to the par value, or unpaid principal balance ("UPB"), of the assets is below. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial, Financial and Agricultural Par value (UPB) Allowance for Credit Losses ) Discount ) Purchase Price 

NOTE 5. 
 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Construction in progress Premises and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, estimated costs to complete construction projects in progress and other binding commitments for capital expenditures were not a material amount. 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Additions related to acquisitions in current year Fair value adjustments related to acquisitions in prior year Carrying amount of goodwill at end of year Banking Carrying amount of goodwill at beginning of year Additions related to acquisitions in current year Fair value adjustments related to acquisitions in prior year Carrying amount of goodwill at end of year Premium Finance Division Carrying amount of goodwill at beginning of year Carrying amount of goodwill at end of year 
 
 F-39 

million related to the Balboa acquisition. During 2021, the Company recorded additions to goodwill of million related to the Balboa acquisition. 
 
 The Company performs its annual impairment test at December 31 of each year and more frequently if a triggering event occurs. Impairment exists when a reporting unit s carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. At December 31, 2022, the Company performed its annual qualitative assessment and determined that it was more likely than not that the reporting units fair values exceeded their carrying values. 
 
 The carrying value of intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Intangible assets are comprised of core deposit intangibles, referral relationships intangibles, trade name intangibles and non-compete agreement intangibles. During 2021, the Company recorded intangible assets of million associated with the Balboa acquisition. 
 
 Referral relationships Trade names Patent Non-compete agreements 
 
 The aggregate amortization expense for intangible assets was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

NOTE 7. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 The aggregate amount of time deposits in denominations of 250,000 or more at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had brokered deposits of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had brokered deposits of million. 
 
 F-40 

million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 8. 

Fixed Rate Advance due January 9, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 12, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 13, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 17, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 17, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 18, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 19, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 20, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due January 27, 2023; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due March 3, 2025; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due March 2, 2027; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due March 4, 2030; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due December 9, 2030; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due December 9, 2030; fixed interest rate of 
 Principal Reducing Advance due September 29, 2031; fixed interest rate of 
 Subordinated notes payable: Subordinated notes payable due June 1, 2026, net of unaccreted purchase accounting fair value adjustment of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of (Balboa Note) 
 Subordinated notes payable due March 15, 2027 net of unamortized debt issuance cost of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through March 14, 2022; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month LIBOR plus (2027 subordinated notes) 
 Subordinated notes payable due December 15, 2029 net of unamortized debt issuance cost of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through December 14, 2024; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month SOFR plus (2029 subordinated notes) 
 Subordinated notes payable due May 31, 2030 net of unaccreted purchase accounting fair value adjustment of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through May 31, 2025; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month LIBOR plus (Bank subordinated notes) 
 Subordinated notes payable due October 1, 2030 net of unamortized debt issuance cost of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through September 30, 2025; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month SOFR plus (2030 subordinated notes) 
 Securitization facilities: Equipment contract backed notes, Series 2018-1 (BCC XIV) due on various dates through 2025 and bear a weighted-average interest rate of 
 Equipment contract backed notes, Series 2019-1 (BCC XVI) due on various dates through 2027 and bear a weighted-average interest rate of 
 Equipment contract backed notes, Series 2020-1 (BCC XVII) due on various dates through 2027 and bear a weighted-average interest rate of 

The advances from the FHLB are collateralized by a blanket lien on all eligible first mortgage loans and other specific loans in addition to FHLB stock. At December 31, 2022, billion was available for additional borrowing on lines with the FHLB. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank maintained credit arrangements with various financial institutions to purchase federal funds up to million. 
 
 The Bank also participates in the Federal Reserve discount window borrowings program. At December 31, 2022, the Company had billion of loans pledged at the Federal Reserve discount window and had billion available for borrowing. 
 
 F-41 

million in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2027 (the 2027 subordinated notes ). The 2027 subordinated notes were sold to the public at par pursuant to an underwriting agreement and were issued pursuant to an indenture and a supplemental indenture. The 2027 subordinated notes will mature on March 15, 2027 and through March 14, 2022 will bear a fixed rate of interest of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on September 15 and March 15 of each year. Beginning March 15, 2022, the interest rate on the 2027 subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR plus , payable quarterly in arrears on June 15, September 15, December 15 and March 15 of each year to the maturity date or earlier redemption. On any scheduled interest payment date beginning March 15, 2022, the Company may, at its option, redeem the 2027 subordinated notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 On December 6, 2019, the Company completed the public offering and sale of million in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the 2029 subordinated notes ). The 2029 subordinated notes were sold to the public at par pursuant to an underwriting agreement and were issued pursuant to an indenture and a supplemental indenture. The 2029 subordinated notes will mature on December 15, 2029 and through December 14, 2024 will bear a fixed rate of interest of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year. Beginning December 15, 2024, the interest rate on the 2029 subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus , payable quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 of each year to the maturity date or earlier redemption. On any scheduled interest payment date beginning December 15, 2024, the Company may, at its option, redeem the 2029 subordinated notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 On September 28, 2020, the Company completed the public offering and sale of million in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the 2030 subordinated notes ). The 2030 subordinated notes were sold to the public at par pursuant to an underwriting agreement and were issued pursuant to an indenture and a supplemental indenture. The 2030 subordinated notes will mature on October 1, 2030 and through September 30, 2025 will bear a fixed rate of interest of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. Beginning October 1, 2025, the interest rate on the 2030 subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month SOFR plus , payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year to the maturity date or earlier redemption. On any scheduled interest payment date beginning October 1, 2025, the Company may, at its option, redeem the 2030 subordinated notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 The 2027, 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes are unsecured and rank equally with all other unsecured subordinated indebtedness of the Company, including any subordinated indebtedness issued in the future under the indenture governing the 2027, 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes. The 2027, 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes are subordinated in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of the Company. The 2027, 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes are obligations of the Company only and are not guaranteed by any subsidiaries, including the Bank. Additionally, the 2027, 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries, meaning that creditors of the Company s subsidiaries (including, in the case of the Bank, its depositors) generally will be paid from those subsidiaries assets before holders of the 2027, 2029 and 2030 subordinated notes have any claim to those assets. 
 
 As a result of the Fidelity acquisition on July 1, 2019, the Bank assumed million in aggregate principal amount of Fixed-To-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the "Bank subordinated notes"). The Bank subordinated notes were acquired inclusive of an unaccreted purchase accounting fair value adjustment of million. The Bank subordinated notes will mature on May 31, 2030, and through May 31, 2025 will bear a fixed rate of interest of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on December 1 and June 1 of each year. Beginning on June 1, 2025, the interest rate on the Bank subordinated notes resets quarterly to a floating rate per annum equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR plus , payable quarterly in arrears on September 1, December 1, March 1 and June 1 of each year to the maturity date or earlier redemption. On any scheduled interest payment date beginning June 1, 2025, the Bank may, at its option, redeem the Bank subordinated notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Bank subordinated notes of the Bank are unsecured and structurally rank senior to all other unsecured subordinated indebtedness of the Company. The Bank subordinated notes are subordinated in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of the Bank. 
 
 For regulatory capital adequacy purposes, the Bank subordinated notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Bank and the 2027, 2029, 2030 and Bank subordinated notes (collectively "subordinated notes") qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Company. If in the 
 F-42 

of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to prior approval by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 As a result of the Balboa acquisition in December 2021, the Bank assumed Balboa's million principal amount Fixed Rate Subordinated Note due June 1, 2026 (the "Balboa Note"). The Balboa Note was assumed inclusive of an unaccreted purchase accounting fair value adjustment of . In January 2022, the Bank fully redeemed the Balboa Note, which was redeemable in whole or in part prior to maturity upon a qualifying change of control or at any time on or after the third anniversary of the issue date. 
 
 Securitization Facilities 
 
 As a result of the Balboa acquisition in December 2021, the Bank acquired subsidiaries established by Balboa to facilitate asset-backed securitization transactions. Each of the securitization facilities issued notes secured by equipment loans and leases. Loans and leases totaling million and restricted cash balances held with the trustees of million secured these facilities at December 31, 2021 which were due through 2027 and were redeemable on any payment date where either (1) the aggregate outstanding note balance, after giving effect to the payments made on such payment date, was less than or equal to of the aggregate initial note balance under the indentures or (2) a change of control occurred and at least months had elapsed since the Closing Date. The Bank fully redeemed each of the securitization facilities in January 2022. 

NOTE 9. 
 
 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, the related interest expense continues to be included in the consolidated statements of income. For regulatory capital purposes, the trust preferred securities qualify as a component of Tier 2 Capital. At any interest payment date, the Company may redeem the debentures at par and thereby cause a redemption of the trust preferred securities in whole or in part. 

March 26, 2033 Fidelity Southern Statutory Trust I June 2003 3-month LIBOR plus 
 June 26, 2033 Coastal Bankshares Statutory Trust I August 2003 3-month LIBOR plus 
 October 7, 2033 Jacksonville Statutory Trust I June 2004 3-month LIBOR plus 
 June 17, 2034 Prosperity Banking Capital Trust I June 2004 3-month LIBOR plus 
 June 30, 2034 Merchants Southern Statutory Trust I March 2005 3-month LIBOR plus 
 March 17, 2035 Fidelity Southern Statutory Trust II March 2005 3-month LIBOR plus 
 March 17, 2035 Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. Statutory Trust I September 2005 3-month LIBOR plus 
 September 15, 2035 Coastal Bankshares Statutory Trust II December 2005 3-month LIBOR plus 
 December 15, 2035 Cherokee Statutory Trust I November 2005 3-month LIBOR plus 
 December 15, 2035 Prosperity Bank Statutory Trust III January 2006 3-month LIBOR plus 
 March 15, 2036 Merchants Southern Statutory Trust II March 2006 3-month LIBOR plus 
 June 15, 2036 Jacksonville Statutory Trust II December 2006 3-month LIBOR plus 
 December 15, 2036 Ameris Statutory Trust I December 2006 3-month LIBOR plus 
 December 15, 2036 Fidelity Southern Statutory Trust III August 2007 3-month LIBOR plus 
 September 15, 2037 Prosperity Bank Statutory Trust IV September 2007 3-month LIBOR plus 
 December 15, 2037 Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III June 2008 3-month LIBOR plus 
 September 15, 2038 Total 
 
 F-43 

NOTE 10. 

Current year changes, net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (dollars in thousands) Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance, December 31, 2020 Current year changes, net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Securities Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Current year changes, net of tax Balance, December 31, 2020 

NOTE 11. 
 
 Overdraft fees Other service charges on deposit accounts Total ASC 606 revenue included in service charges on deposits accounts Total service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges, commissions and fees ASC 606 revenue items ATM fees Total ASC 606 revenue included in other service charges, commission and fees Other Total other service charges, commission and fees 
 F-44 

Total ASC 606 revenue included in other noninterest income Other Total other noninterest income 

NOTE 12. 
 
 Current - state Deferred - federal ) ) Deferred - state ) ) 
 
 Tax at federal income tax rate Change resulting from: State income tax, net of federal benefit Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Increase in cash value of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Excess tax (benefit) deficiency from stock compensation ) ) Nondeductible merger expenses Other Benefit related to carryback claims resulting from the CARES Act ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 F-45 

Deferred compensation Deferred loan fees Purchase accounting adjustments Other real estate owned Net operating loss tax carryforward Tax credit carryforwards Unrealized loss on securities available for sale Capitalized costs, accrued expenses and other Lease liability Deferred tax liabilities Premises and equipment Mortgage servicing rights Subordinated debentures Lease financing Goodwill and intangible assets Unrealized gain on securities available-for-sale Origination costs Right of use lease asset Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million which expire at various dates from 2028 to 2036. At December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million which expire at various dates from 2028 to 2036. The federal net operating loss carryforwards are subject to limitations pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and are expected to be recovered over the next years. The state net operating loss carryforwards are subject to similar limitations and are expected to be recovered over the next years. Deferred tax assets are recognized for net operating losses because the benefit is more likely than not to be realized. 
 
 Section 2303(b) of the CARES Act allows for certain net operating losses generated after December 31, 2017, but before December 31, 2021, to be carried back to the five tax years preceding the loss. The Company carried back approximately million of eligible net operating losses to preceding tax years. The Company recorded a benefit of million due to the carryback of these net operating losses for the tax year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in December 2021 Ameris Bank acquired Balboa Capital Corporation. The Company completed its analysis of the tax effects of this transaction during 2022. The consolidated balance sheet reflects this final analysis. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of the various states. The Company is no longer subject to examination by federal taxing authorities for years before 2019 and state taxing authorities for years before 2018. 
 
 F-46 

Current Activity: Additions for tax positions of prior years Additions from acquisitions Settlements ) Ending Balance 
 
 Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits are included as a component of income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unrecognized income tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate totaled and million (net of the federal benefit on state income tax issues), respectively. Accruals of penalties and interest resulted in a expense of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Ameris expects that all uncertain income tax positions will be either settled or resolved during the next twelve months. 
 
 The Company did t record any interest and penalties related to income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

NOTE 13. 
 
 days of employment and having attained an age of years. 
 
 The aggregate expense under the Plan charged to operations during 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 

NOTE 14. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company and the Bank assumed certain split dollar agreements in the acquisition of Fidelity which provide for death benefits to designated beneficiaries of the executive or director. Accrued deferred compensation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in other liabilities. Accrued supplemental executive retirement plan and split dollar agreement liabilities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is also included in other liabilities. Aggregate compensation expense under the plans was , and per year for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in salaries and employee benefits. 

NOTE 15. 
 
 subject to adjustment in certain circumstances to prevent dilution. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available to be issued under the plans. 
 
 F-47 

period and have a -year maximum term. Most options granted since 2005 contain performance-based vesting conditions. 
 
 The Company did t grant any options during 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements granted related to performance or non-performance-based options. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding restricted shares granted under the plans as compensation to certain employees and directors. These shares carry dividend and voting rights. Sales of these shares are restricted prior to the date of vesting, which is one to from the date of the grant. Shares issued under the plans are recorded at their fair market value on the date of their grant. The compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the related vesting period. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, compensation expense related to these grants was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. The total income tax (deficiency) benefit related to these grants was approximately , and ) in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 It is the Company s policy to issue new shares for stock option exercises and restricted stock rather than issue treasury shares. The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the options related vesting term. The Company did t record any share-based compensation expense related to stock options during 2022, 2021 and 2020. The total income tax benefit related to stock options was approximately , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Exercised ) ) Forfeited ) ) Under option, end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested shares at end of year 
 
 The balance of unearned compensation related to restricted stock grants as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and performance stock units ("PSUs") with a weighted average grant date fair value of and , respectively, subject to a performance condition tied to tangible book value growth over a period. The Company also granted and PSUs in 2022 and 2021, respectively, subject to a performance metric of return on tangible common equity relative to a market index with a potential modifier subject to a total shareholder return ("TSR") performance metric with a weighted average grant date fair value of and , 
 F-48 

performance period, if any, will be based on the Company's performance relative to the applicable performance metrics. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized compensation cost related to these grants of approximately million, million and , respectively. The balance of unearned compensation related to PSU grants as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested units at end of year 

NOTE 16. 
 
 million and was hedging the variable rate on certain junior subordinated debentures described in Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements. The Company received a variable rate of the 90-day LIBOR rate plus and paid a fixed rate of . The swap matured in September 2020. 
 
 This contract was classified as a cash flow hedge of an exposure to changes in the cash flow of a recognized liability. As a cash flow hedge, the change in fair value of a hedge that is deemed to be highly effective is recognized in other comprehensive income and the portion deemed to be ineffective is recognized in earnings. Interest expense recorded on this swap transaction totaled during 2020 and is reported as a component of interest expense on other borrowings. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Derivatives 
 
 The Company maintains a risk management program to manage interest rate risk and pricing risk associated with its mortgage lending activities. This program includes the use of forward contracts and other derivatives that are used to offset changes in value of the mortgage inventory due to changes in market interest rates. Forward contracts to sell primarily fixed-rate mortgage loans are entered into to reduce the exposure to market risk arising from potential changes in interest rates, which could affect the fair value of mortgage loans held for sale and outstanding interest rate lock commitments, which guarantee a certain interest rate if the loan is ultimately funded or granted by the Company as a mortgage loan held for sale. The commitments to sell mortgage loans are at fixed prices and are scheduled to settle at specified dates. 
 
 The Company enters into interest rate lock commitments for residential mortgage loans which commits it to lend funds to a potential borrower at a specific interest rate and within a specified period of time. Interest rate lock commitments that relate to the origination of mortgage loans that, if originated, will be held for sale, are considered derivative financial instruments under applicable accounting guidance. Outstanding interest rate lock commitments expose the Company to the risk that the price of the mortgage loans underlying the commitments may decline due to increases in mortgage interest rates from inception of the rate lock to the funding of the loan and the eventual commitment for sale into the secondary market. 
 
 These mortgage banking derivatives are carried at fair value and are not designated in hedge relationships. Fair values are estimated based on changes in mortgage interest rates from the date of the commitments. Changes in the fair values of these 
 F-49 

Mortgage derivatives - interest rate lock commitments Mortgage derivatives - forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale 
 (1) Derivative assets are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Derivative liabilities are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Includes interest rate contracts for client swaps and offsetting positions. 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking activity ) ) Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage banking activity ) 

NOTE 17. 
 
 SBA loans held for sale Total loans held for sale 
 
 The Company has elected to record mortgage loans held for sale at fair value in order to eliminate the complexities and inherent difficulties of achieving hedge accounting and to better align reported results with the underlying economic changes in value of 
 F-50 

million and million and a net gain of resulting from fair value changes of these mortgage loans were recorded in income during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts do not reflect changes in fair values of related derivative instruments used to hedge exposure to market-related risks associated with these mortgage loans. The Company s valuation of mortgage loans held for sale incorporates an assumption for credit risk; however, given the short-term period that the Company holds these loans, valuation adjustments attributable to instrument-specific credit risk is nominal. Net losses of million and million and a net gain of million resulting from changes in the fair value of the related derivative financial instruments used to hedge exposure to the market-related risks associated with these mortgage loans were recorded in income during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Aggregate unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans held for sale Past due loans of 90 days or more Nonaccrual loans Unpaid principal balance of nonaccrual loans 
 
 The following table summarizes the difference between the fair value and the principal balance for SBA loans held for sale measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Aggregate fair value of SBA loans held for sale Aggregate unpaid principal balance of SBA loans held for sale Past due loans of 90 days or more Nonaccrual loans 
 
 The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available-for-sale, loans held for sale and derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. From time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as collateral-dependent loans, loan servicing rights and OREO. Additionally, the Company is required to disclose, but not record, the fair value of other financial instruments. 
 
 Fair Value Hierarchy 
 
 The Company groups assets and liabilities at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. These levels are: 
 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of its assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and for estimating the fair value of its financial instruments: 
 F-51 

F-52 

U.S. government-sponsored agencies State, county and municipal securities Corporate debt securities SBA pool securities Mortgage-backed securities Loans held for sale Derivative financial instruments Mortgage banking derivative instruments Total recurring assets at fair value Financial liabilities: Derivative financial instruments Total recurring liabilities at fair value 
 F-53 

State, county and municipal securities Corporate debt securities SBA pool securities Mortgage-backed securities Loans held for sale Mortgage banking derivative instruments Total recurring assets at fair value Financial liabilities: Mortgage banking derivative instruments Total recurring liabilities at fair value 
 
 Total nonrecurring assets at fair value December 31, 2021 Collateral-dependent loans Mortgage servicing rights Total nonrecurring assets at fair value 
 
 The inputs used to determine estimated fair value of collateral-dependent loans include market conditions, loan term, underlying collateral characteristics and discount rates. The inputs used to determine fair value of mortgage servicing rights include discount rates and prepayment speeds. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was not a change in the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value. 
 
 F-54 

Discounted cash flows Probability of Default Loss Given Default Nonrecurring: Collateral-dependent loans Third-party appraisals and discounted cash flows Collateral discounts and discount rates - 
 As of December 31, 2021 Recurring: Debt securities available-for-sale Discounted par values Discount rate Nonrecurring: Collateral-dependent loans Third-party appraisals and discounted cash flows Collateral discounts and discount rates - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Discount rate - 
 Prepayment speed - 
 
 F-55 

Federal funds sold and interest-bearing accounts Debt securities held-to-maturity Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures Accrued interest payable 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 December 31, 2021 
 (dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold and interest-bearing accounts Time deposits in other banks Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures Accrued interest payable 

NOTE 18. 
 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, sublease income offsetting operating lease cost was not material. Variable rent expense and short-term lease expense were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 
 F-56 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases (cash payments) Operating cash flows from operating leases (lease liability reduction) Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for leases entered into during the year, net of business combinations 

NOTE 19. 

Unused home equity lines of credit Financial standby letters of credit Mortgage interest rate lock commitments 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. These commitments, predominantly at variable interest rates, generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. Collateral is required in instances which the Company deems necessary. The Company has not been required to perform on any material 
 F-57 

Adjustment to reflect adoption of ASU 2016-13 Provision for unfunded commitments Balance at end of period 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, letters of credit issued by the FHLB totaling million were used to guarantee the Bank s performance related to a portion of its public fund deposit balances. 
 
 Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies 
 
 The Company is, and has been, involved in various legal proceedings with William J. Villari, who formerly owned US Premium Finance Holding Company USPF ), a provider of commercial insurance premium finance loans that the Company acquired in January 2018. First, on December 13, 2018, Mr. Villari filed a demand for arbitration, claiming that the Bank s termination of his employment for cause was improper and that he was entitled to additional compensation from the Company and the Bank under his employment agreement. Second, on December 28, 2018, Mr. Villari and his wholly owned company, P1 Finance Holdings LLC P1 ), filed a lawsuit against the Bank in Broward County, Florida, seeking additional compensation for his service while an employee, as well as other relief. Third, on May 30, 2019, CEBV LLC CEBV ), which also is wholly owned by Mr. Villari, filed a lawsuit against the Bank in Duval County, Florida, arising out of a loan purchase agreement with the Bank dated May 8, 2018. CEBV s complaint in that lawsuit, which also names as a defendant the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, Dennis J. Zember Jr., seeks unspecified damages and other relief related to asserted claims for fraudulent inducement and breach of contract based on the Bank s alleged failure to provide sufficient assistance to CEBV in collecting on loans purchased by CEBV from the Bank. In addition, on January 30, 2019, the Company and the Bank filed a lawsuit against Mr. Villari in Dekalb County, Georgia, asserting claims for unspecified damages arising from Mr. Villari s alleged failure to disclose material information in connection with the sale of USPF to the Company and the Bank. 
 
 In the first of these proceedings to be adjudicated, the Company and the Bank received on November 20, 2019, an Order and Award from the American Arbitration Association in which the arbitrator ruled that the Company and the Bank had cause to terminate Mr. Villari and had properly exercised that right and that, as a result, Mr. Villari is not entitled to any additional payments under his employment agreement or a separate management and licensing agreement with the Bank. We believe the remaining allegations of Mr. Villari, P1 and CEBV in their complaints are without merit, and we are vigorously defending the cases. The amount of any ultimate liability in connection with these matters cannot be determined but we believe any such amount, either individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 
 
 Furthermore, from time to time, the Company and the Bank are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company and the Bank are also subject to regulatory examinations, information gathering requests, inquiries and investigations in the ordinary course of business. Based on the Company s current knowledge and advice of counsel, management presently does not believe that the liabilities arising from these legal matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these legal matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition for any particular period. 
 
 The Company s management and its legal counsel periodically assess contingent liabilities, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be 
 F-58 

NOTE 20. 
 
 million of retained earnings were available for dividend declaration without regulatory approval. 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s and Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 Under the regulatory capital frameworks adopted by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, Ameris and the Bank must each maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6 , a total capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8 and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets of at least 4 . Ameris and the Bank are also required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets in addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 
 In March 2020, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of CECL. The interim final rule provides banking organizations that implement CECL in 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. As a result, the Company and Bank elected the transition relief allowed under the interim final rule effective March 31, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the most recent notification from the regulatory authorities categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s category. Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies. 
 
 F-59 

N/A Bank CET1 Ratio (common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital Ratio (tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Total Capital Ratio (total capital to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank As of December 31, 2021 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (tier 1 capital to average assets): Company N/A Bank CET1 Ratio (common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital Ratio (tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank Total Capital Ratio (total capital to risk weighted assets): Company N/A Bank 
 
 for December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-60 

NOTE 21. 
 
 Interest expense ) Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expenses Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division SBA Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income Interest expense ) Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expenses Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net 
 F-61 

Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment expenses Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net 

F-62 

NOTE 22. 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities Other liabilities Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures Total liabilities Shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Other income Securities gains Total income Expense Interest expense Other expense Total expense Income before taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries Net income 
 
 F-63 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Share-based compensation expense Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) ) (Decrease) increase in interest payable ) ) (Increase) decrease in tax receivable ) Provision for deferred taxes ) ) Gain on sale of other investments ) Change attributable to other operating activities Total adjustments ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net (increase) decrease in other investments ) ) Investment in subsidiary ) ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Dividends paid - common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from other borrowings Repayment of other borrowings ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the year for interest Cash received during the year for income taxes ) ) ) 

NOTE 23. 
 
 SBA Total loan servicing rights 
 F-64 

million, million and million, respectively. Servicing fee income includes servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned for each period. 
 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) (Impairment)/recoveries ) Disposals ) Ending carrying value, net 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Residential mortgage servicing impairment Beginning balance Additions Recoveries ) ) Reduction due to disposal ) Ending balance 
 
 F-65 

Composition of residential loans serviced for others: FHLMC FNMA GNMA Total Weighted average term (months) Weighted average age (months) Modeled prepayment speed Decline in fair value due to a 10 adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 20 adverse change ) ) Weighted average discount rate Decline in fair value due to a 10 adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 20 adverse change ) ) 
 
 SBA Loans 
 
 All sales of SBA loans, consisting of the guaranteed portion, are executed on a servicing retained basis. These loans, which are partially guaranteed by the SBA, are generally secured by business property such as real estate, inventory, equipment and accounts receivable. The net gain on SBA loan sales, amortization and impairment/recoveries of servicing rights, and ongoing servicing fees are recorded in the consolidated statements of income as part of other noninterest income. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded servicing fee income of million, million and million, respectively. Servicing fee income includes servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned for each period. 
 
 Additions Purchase accounting adjustment ) Amortization ) ) ) (Impairment)/recovery ) Ending carrying value, net 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 SBA servicing impairment Beginning balance Additions Recoveries ) ) Ending balance 
 
 F-66 

Weighted average life (in years) Modeled prepayment speed Decline in fair value due to a 10 adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 20 adverse change ) ) Weighted average discount rate Decline in fair value due to a 100 basis point adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 200 basis point adverse change ) ) 
 
 Indirect Automobile Loans 
 
 The Company acquired a portfolio of indirect automobile loans serviced for others. These loans, or portions of loans, were sold on a servicing retained basis. Amortization and impairment/recoveries of servicing rights, and ongoing servicing fees are recorded in the consolidated statements of income as part of other noninterest income. The Company is not actively originating or selling indirect automobile loans. 
 Addition due to acquisition Amortization ) ) Impairment Ending carrying value, net 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded servicing fee income of , and million, respectively. Servicing fee income includes servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned for each period. 

Note 24. 
 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2027 that it had elected to redeem all the outstanding notes totaling million in aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest totaling million, on March 15, 2023 

F-67 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 
 AMERIS BANCORP Date: February 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. H. Palmer Proctor, Jr., Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in their capacities indicated on February 28, 2023. 
 
 /s/ H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. H. Palmer Proctor, Jr., Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) /s/ Nicole S. Stokes Nicole S. Stokes, Corporate EVP and Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting and financial officer) /s/ William I. Bowen, Jr. William I. Bowen, Jr., Director /s/ Rodney D. Bullard Rodney D. Bullard, Director /s/ Wm. Millard Choate Wm. Millard Choate, Director /s/ R. Dale Ezzell R. Dale Ezzell, Director /s/ Leo J. Hill Leo J. Hill, Director /s/ Daniel B. Jeter Daniel B. Jeter, Director /s/ Robert P. Lynch Robert P. Lynch, Director /s/ Elizabeth A. McCague Elizabeth A. McCague, Director (Continued) 
 F-68 

/s/ James B. Miller, Jr. James B. Miller, Jr., Chairman /s/ Gloria A. O'Neal / Gloria A. O'Neal, Director /s/ William H. Stern William H. Stern, Director /s/ Jimmy D. Veal Jimmy D. Veal, Director (Concluded) 
 
 F-69 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex31restatedarticlesofinco.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

 CERTIFICATE OF RESTATEMENT 
 OF 
 AMERIS BANCORP 
 
 Pursuant to Section 14-2-1007 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code, AMERIS BANCORP, a Georgia corporation (the Corporation ), certifies as follows 
 1. The attached Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation do not contain any amendments requiring shareholder approval. The Restated Articles of Incorporation were adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors on February 23, 2023. 
 2. The attached Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation supersede the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation that were filed with the Secretary of State on December 18, 1980, as amended. 
 Signature Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Restatement to be signed by its duly authorized officer this 23rd day of February, 2023. 
 
 AMERIS BANCORP 
 
 By s Jody L. Spencer Jody L. Spencer Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 2 

RESTATED 
 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 AMERIS BANCORP 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 Article I. 
 The name of the Corporation is AMERIS BANCORP. 
 
 Article II. 
 The Corporation is organized pursuant to the provisions of the Georgia Business Corporation Code. 
 
 Article III. 
 The Corporation shall have perpetual duration. 
 
 Article IV. 
 The Corporation is organized for the purpose of doing any and all things which a corporation may now or hereafter be authorized to do under the Georgia Business Corporation Code or under any act amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto, or substituted therefore, including, but not by way of limitation, the following specific purposes. 
 (a) To act as a holding company and to acquire, own, hold, sell, exchange, assign, transfer, create security interests in, pledge or otherwise dispose of shares, or voting trust certificates or depositary receipts for shares, or capital stock of, or any bonds, notes, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness, options, warrants or other securities issued by, other businesses of any lawful charter, including, but not limited to, banks, insurance agencies and companies, mortgage loan and servicing companies, trust companies, data processing companies, courier or messenger companies and any other businesses providing goods or services related to banking and 
 (b) To operate insurance agencies, to make and acquire mortgage loans and render mortgage loan services, to provide data processing and management services, to provide factoring services, to provide courier or messenger services and to provide other goods or services related to banking. 
 3 

To do each and every thing necessary, suitable or proper for the accomplishment of any of the purposes or the attainment of any one or more of the objects herein enumerated, or which shall at any time appear conducive to or expedient for the protection or benefit of the Corporation. 
 IN FURTHERANCE OF AND NOT IN LIMITATION of the general powers conferred by the laws of the State of Georgia and the objects and purposes herein set forth, it is expressly provided that to such extent as a corporation organized under the Georgia Business Corporation Code may now or hereafter lawfully do, the Corporation shall have the power to do, either as principal or agent and either alone or in connection with other corporations, firms or individuals, all and everything necessary, suitable, convenient or proper for, or in connection with, or incident to, the accomplishment of any of the purposes or the attainment of any one or more of the objects herein enumerated, or designed directly or indirectly to promote the interests of the Corporation or to enhance the value of its properties and in general to do any and all things and exercise any and all powers, rights, and privileges which a corporation may now or hereafter be authorized to do or to exercise under the Georgia Business Corporation Code or under any act amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor. 
 The foregoing provisions of this Article IV shall be construed both as purposes and powers and each as an independent purpose and power. The foregoing enumeration of specific purposes and powers herein specified shall, except when otherwise provided in this Article IV, be in no wise limited or restricted by reference to, or inference from, the terms of any provision of this or any other Article of these Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Article V. 
 The maximum number of shares of capital stock that the Corporation shall be authorized to issue shall be 205,000,000 shares which are to be divided into two classes as follows 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 1.00 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock. 
 The Common Stock may be created and issued from time to time in one or more series with voting rights for each series as determined by the Board of Directors and set forth in the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of the stock in such series. The Preferred Stock may be created and issued from time to time in one or more series with such designations, preferences, limitations, conversion rights, cumulative, relative, participating, optional or other rights, including voting rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as determined by the Board of Directors and set forth in the resolution or restrictions providing for the creation and issuance of the stock in such series. 
 Part 1. Designation and Number of Shares . There is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock of the Corporation a series of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share, designated as the Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the Designated Preferred Stock ). The authorized number of shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be 52,000. 
 Part 2. Standard Provisions . The Standard Provisions contained in Annex A attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference in their entirety and shall be deemed to be a part of this Article V to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. 
 Part 3. Definitions . The following terms are used in this Article V (including the Standard Provisions in Annex A hereto) as defined below 
 (a) Common Stock means the common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Corporation. 
 4 

(b) Dividend Payment Date means February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year. 
 (c) Junior Stock means the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks junior to Designated Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 
 (d) Liquidation Amount means 1,000 per share of Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (e) Minimum Amount means 13,000,000. 
 (f) Parity Stock means any class or series of stock of the Corporation (other than Designated Preferred Stock) the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior or junior to Designated Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (in each case without regard to whether dividends accrue cumulatively or non-cumulatively). 
 (g) Signing Date means November 21, 2008. 
 Part. 4. Certain Voting Matters . Holders of shares of Designated Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote for each such share on any matter on which holders of Designated Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, including any action by written consent. 
 
 Article VI. 
 None of the holders of any capital stock of the Corporation of any kind, class or series now or hereafter authorized shall have preemptive rights with respect to any shares of capital stock of the Corporation of any kind, class or series now or hereafter authorized. 
 
 Article VII. 
 No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of his duty of care or other duty as a director provided that this provision shall eliminate or limit the liability of a director only to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by the Georgia Business Corporation Code or any successor law or laws. 
 Any repeal or modification of the immediately preceding paragraph by the shareholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 
 
 Article VIII. 
 Vacancies on the Board of Directors and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of members of the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the directors, then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 5 

Each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy or a newly created directorship, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal from office for cause. 
 Any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from any office at any time but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote in an election of directors of the Corporation, voting as a single class. 
 A majority of total directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. 
 
 6 

ANNEX A 
 STANDARD PROVISIONS 
 Section 1. General Matters . Each share of Designated Preferred Stock shall be identical in all respects to every other share of Designated Preferred Stock. The Designated Preferred Stock shall be perpetual, subject to the provisions of Section 5 of these Standard Provisions that form a part of the Certificate of Designations. The Designated Preferred Stock shall rank equally with Parity Stock and shall rank senior to Junior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation. 
 Section 2. Standard Definitions . As used herein with respect to Designated Preferred Stock 
 (a) Applicable Dividend Rate means (i) during the period from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the first day of the first Dividend Period commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date, 5 per annum and (ii) from and after the first day of the first Dividend Period commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date, 9 per annum. 
 (b) Appropriate Federal Banking Agency means the appropriate Federal banking agency with respect to the Corporation as defined in Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. Section 1813(q)), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Business Combination means a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar transaction that requires the approval of the Corporation s shareholders. 
 (d) Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental actions to close. 
 (e) Bylaws means the bylaws of the Corporation, as they may be amended from time to time. 
 (f) Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations or comparable instrument, including the applicable text of any certificate or articles of amendment to the Charter, relating to the Designated Preferred Stock, of which these Standard Provisions form a part, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 (g) Charter means the Corporation s certificate or articles of incorporation, articles of association, or similar organizational document. 
 (h) Dividend Period has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 
 (i) Dividend Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 
 (j) Liquidation Preference has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 
 (k) Original Issue Date means the date on which shares of Designated Preferred Stock are first issued. 
 (l) Preferred Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b). 
 (m) Preferred Stock means any and all series of preferred stock of the Corporation, including the Designated Preferred Stock. 

(n) Qualified Equity Offering means the sale and issuance for cash by the Corporation to persons other than the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries after the Original Issue Date of shares of perpetual Preferred Stock, Common Stock or any combination of such stock, that, in each case, qualify as and may be included in Tier 1 capital of the Corporation at the time of issuance under the applicable risk-based capital guidelines of the Corporation s Appropriate Federal Banking Agency (other than any such sales and issuances made pursuant to agreements or arrangements entered into, or pursuant to financing plans which were publicly announced, on or prior to October 13, 2008). 
 (o) Share Dilution Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b). 
 (p) Standard Provisions mean these Standard Provisions that form a part of the Certificate of Designations relating to the Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (q) Successor Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 
 (r) Voting Parity Stock means, with regard to any matter as to which the holders of Designated Preferred Stock are entitled to vote as specified in Sections 7(a) and 7(b) of these Standard Provisions that form a part of the Certificate of Designations, any and all series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable with respect to such matter. 
 Section 3. Dividends . 
 (a) Rate . Holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on each share of Designated Preferred Stock if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, but only out of assets legally available therefor, cumulative cash dividends with respect to each Dividend Period (as defined below) at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Dividend Rate on (i) the Liquidation Amount per share of Designated Preferred Stock and (ii) the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends for any prior Dividend Period on such share of Designated Preferred Stock, if any. Such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from the Original Issue Date, shall compound on each subsequent Dividend Payment Date (i.e., no dividends shall accrue on other dividends unless and until the first Dividend Payment Date for such other dividends has passed without such other dividends having been paid on such date) and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Dividend Payment Date, commencing with the first such Dividend Payment Date to occur at least 20 calendar days after the Original Issue Date. In the event that any Dividend Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, the dividend payment due on that date will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day and no additional dividends will accrue as a result of that postponement. The period from and including any Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date is a Dividend Period , provided that the initial Dividend Period shall be the period from and including the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date. 
 Dividends that are payable on Designated Preferred Stock in respect of any Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of dividends payable on Designated Preferred Stock on any date prior to the end of a Dividend Period, and for the initial Dividend Period, shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and actual days elapsed over a 30-day month. 
 A-2 

Dividends that are payable on Designated Preferred Stock on any Dividend Payment Date will be payable to holders of record of Designated Preferred Stock as they appear on the stock register of the Corporation on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day immediately preceding such Dividend Payment Date or such other record date fixed by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such Dividend Payment Date (each, a Dividend Record Date ). Any such day that is a Dividend Record Date shall be a Dividend Record Date whether or not such day is a Business Day. 
 Holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, securities or other property, other than dividends (if any) declared and payable on Designated Preferred Stock as specified in this Section 3 (subject to the other provisions of the Certificate of Designations). 
 (b) Priority of Dividends . So long as any share of Designated Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend or distribution shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock or any other shares of Junior Stock (other than dividends payable solely in shares of Common Stock) or Parity Stock, subject to the immediately following paragraph in the case of Parity Stock, and no Common Stock, Junior Stock or Parity Stock shall be, directly or indirectly, purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all past Dividend Periods, including the latest completed Dividend Period (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount), on all outstanding shares of Designated Preferred Stock have been or are contemporaneously declared and paid in full (or have been declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for the benefit of the holders of shares of Designated Preferred Stock on the applicable record date). The foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) redemptions, purchases or other acquisitions of shares of Common Stock or other Junior Stock in connection with the administration of any employee benefit plan in the ordinary course of business (including purchases to offset the Share Dilution Amount (as defined below) pursuant to a publicly announced repurchase plan) and consistent with past practice, provided that any purchases to offset the Share Dilution Amount shall in no event exceed the Share Dilution Amount (ii) purchases or other acquisitions by a broker-dealer subsidiary of the Corporation solely for the purpose of market-making, stabilization or customer facilitation transactions in Junior Stock or Parity Stock in the ordinary course of its business (iii) purchases by a broker-dealer subsidiary of the Corporation of capital stock of the Corporation for resale pursuant to an offering by the Corporation of such capital stock underwritten by such broker-dealer subsidiary (iv) any dividends or distributions of rights or Junior Stock in connection with a shareholders rights plan or any redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant to any shareholders rights plan (v) the acquisition by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries of record ownership in Junior Stock or Parity Stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians and (vi) the exchange or conversion of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock or of Parity Stock for or into other Parity Stock (with the same or lesser aggregate liquidation amount) or Junior Stock, in each case, solely to the extent required pursuant to binding contractual agreements entered into prior to the Signing Date or any subsequent agreement for the accelerated exercise, settlement or exchange thereof for Common Stock. Share Dilution Amount means the increase in the number of diluted shares outstanding (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the 
 A-3 

United States, and as measured from the date of the Corporation s consolidated financial statements most recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the Original Issue Date) resulting from the grant, vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation to employees and equitably adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar transaction. 
 When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable record date) on any Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within a Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) in full upon Designated Preferred Stock and any shares of Parity Stock, all dividends declared on Designated Preferred Stock and all such Parity Stock and payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within the Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends declared shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued and unpaid dividends per share on the shares of Designated Preferred Stock (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount) and all Parity Stock payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within the Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) (subject to their having been declared by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors out of legally available funds and including, in the case of Parity Stock that bears cumulative dividends, all accrued but unpaid dividends) bear to each other. If the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors determines not to pay any dividend or a full dividend on a Dividend Payment Date, the Corporation will provide written notice to the holders of Designated Preferred Stock prior to such Dividend Payment Date. 
 Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends (payable in cash, securities or other property) as may be determined by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors may be declared and paid on any securities, including Common Stock and other Junior Stock, from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividends. 
 Section 4. Liquidation Rights . 
 (a) Voluntary or Involuntary Liquidation . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive for each share of Designated Preferred Stock, out of the assets of the Corporation or proceeds thereof (whether capital or surplus) available for distribution to shareholders of the Corporation, subject to the rights of any creditors of the Corporation, before any distribution of such assets or proceeds is made to or set aside for the holders of Common Stock and any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to Designated Preferred Stock as to such distribution, payment in full in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Amount per share and (ii) the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount), 
 A-4 

whether or not declared, to the date of payment (such amounts collectively, the Liquidation Preference ). 
 (b) Partial Payment . If in any distribution described in Section 4(a) above the assets of the Corporation or proceeds thereof are not sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to all outstanding shares of Designated Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable with respect of any other stock of the Corporation ranking equally with Designated Preferred Stock as to such distribution, holders of Designated Preferred Stock and the holders of such other stock shall share ratably in any such distribution in proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. 
 (c) Residual Distributions . If the Liquidation Preference has been paid in full to all holders of Designated Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable with respect of any other stock of the Corporation ranking equally with Designated Preferred Stock as to such distribution has been paid in full, the holders of other stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Corporation (or proceeds thereof) according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 (d) Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets Not Liquidation . For purposes of this Section 4, the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation or other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Designated Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange (for cash, securities or other property) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 
 Section 5. Redemption . 
 (a) Optional Redemption . Except as provided below, the Designated Preferred Stock may not be redeemed prior to the first Dividend Payment Date falling on or after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date. On or after the first Dividend Payment Date falling on or after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the Corporation, at its option, subject to the approval of the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, out of funds legally available therefor, the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, upon notice given as provided in Section 5(c) below, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Amount per share and (ii) except as otherwise provided below, any accrued and unpaid dividends (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount) (regardless of whether any dividends are actually declared) to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the first Dividend Payment Date falling on or after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the Corporation, at its option, subject to the approval of the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, upon notice given as provided in Section 5(c) below, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Amount per share and (ii) except as otherwise provided below, any accrued and unpaid dividends (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount) (regardless of whether any dividends are actually declared) to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption provided that (x) the Corporation (or any successor by Business Combination) has received aggregate gross proceeds of not less than the Minimum Amount 
 A-5 

(plus the Minimum Amount as defined in the relevant certificate of designations for each other outstanding series of preferred stock of such successor that was originally issued to the United States Department of the Treasury (the Successor Preferred Stock in connection with the Troubled Asset Relief Program Capital Purchase Program) from one or more Qualified Equity Offerings (including Qualified Equity Offerings of such successor), and (y) the aggregate redemption price of the Designated Preferred Stock (and any Successor Preferred Stock) redeemed pursuant to this paragraph may not exceed the aggregate net cash proceeds received by the Corporation (or any successor by Business Combination) from such Qualified Equity Offerings (including Qualified Equity Offerings of such successor). 
 The redemption price for any shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be payable on the redemption date to the holder of such shares against surrender of the certificate(s) evidencing such shares to the Corporation or its agent. Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the Dividend Record Date for a Dividend Period shall not be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but rather shall be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on such Dividend Record Date relating to the Dividend Payment Date as provided in Section 3 above. 
 (b) No Sinking Fund . The Designated Preferred Stock will not be subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. Holders of Designated Preferred Stock will have no right to require redemption or repurchase of any shares of Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (c) Notice of Redemption . Notice of every redemption of shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the shares to be redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on the books of the Corporation. Such mailing shall be at least 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. Any notice mailed as provided in this Subsection shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure duly to give such notice by mail, or any defect in such notice or in the mailing thereof, to any holder of shares of Designated Preferred Stock designated for redemption shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of Designated Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if shares of Designated Preferred Stock are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company or any other similar facility, notice of redemption may be given to the holders of Designated Preferred Stock at such time and in any manner permitted by such facility. Each notice of redemption given to a holder shall state (1) the redemption date (2) the number of shares of Designated Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder (3) the redemption price and (4) the place or places where certificates for such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price. 
 (d) Partial Redemption . In case of any redemption of part of the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof may determine to be fair and equitable. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof shall have full power and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions upon which shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be redeemed from time to time. If fewer than all the shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new 
 A-6 

certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares without charge to the holder thereof. 
 (e) Effectiveness of Redemption . If notice of redemption has been duly given and if on or before the redemption date specified in the notice all funds necessary for the redemption have been deposited by the Corporation, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares called for redemption, with a bank or trust company doing business in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, and having a capital and surplus of at least 500 million and selected by the Board of Directors, so as to be and continue to be available solely therefor, then, notwithstanding that any certificate for any share so called for redemption has not been surrendered for cancellation, on and after the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on all shares so called for redemption, all shares so called for redemption shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith on such redemption date cease and terminate, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive the amount payable on such redemption from such bank or trust company, without interest. Any funds unclaimed at the end of three years from the redemption date shall, to the extent permitted by law, be released to the Corporation, after which time the holders of the shares so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for payment of the redemption price of such shares. 
 (f) Status of Redeemed Shares . Shares of Designated Preferred Stock that are redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation shall revert to authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock provided that any such cancelled shares of Designated Preferred Stock may be reissued only as shares of any series of Preferred Stock other than Designated Preferred Stock). 
 Section 6. Conversion . Holders of Designated Preferred Stock shares shall have no right to exchange or convert such shares into any other securities. 
 Section 7. Voting Rights . 
 (a) General . The holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall not have any voting rights except as set forth below or as otherwise from time to time required by law. 
 (b) Preferred Stock Directors . Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of Designated Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of six quarterly Dividend Periods or more, whether or not consecutive, the authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall automatically be increased by two and the holders of the Designated Preferred Stock shall have the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other classes or series of Voting Parity Stock outstanding at the time, voting together as a class, to elect two directors (hereinafter the Preferred Directors and each a Preferred Director to fill such newly created directorships at the Corporation s next annual meeting of shareholders (or at a special meeting called for that purpose prior to such next annual meeting) and at each subsequent annual meeting of shareholders until all accrued and unpaid dividends for all past Dividend Periods, including the latest completed Dividend Period (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount), on all outstanding shares of Designated Preferred Stock have been declared and paid in full at which time such right shall terminate with respect to the Designated Preferred Stock, except as herein or by law expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent default of the 
 A-7 

character above mentioned provided that it shall be a qualification for election for any Preferred Director that the election of such Preferred Director shall not cause the Corporation to violate any corporate governance requirements of any securities exchange or other trading facility on which securities of the Corporation may then be listed or traded that listed or traded companies must have a majority of independent directors. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of shares of Designated Preferred Stock and Voting Parity Stock as a class to vote for directors as provided above, the Preferred Directors shall cease to be qualified as directors, the term of office of all Preferred Directors then in office shall terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors shall be reduced by the number of Preferred Directors elected pursuant hereto. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, and any vacancy created thereby may be filled, only by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority of the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding voting separately as a class together with the holders of shares of Voting Parity Stock, to the extent the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. If the office of any Preferred Director becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the remaining Preferred Director may choose a successor who shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 
 (c) Class Voting Rights as to Particular Matters . So long as any shares of Designated Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of shareholders required by law or by the Charter, the vote or consent of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a separate class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 (i) Authorization of Senior Stock . Any amendment or alteration of the Certificate of Designations for the Designated Preferred Stock or the Charter to authorize or create or increase the authorized amount of, or any issuance of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of, any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation ranking senior to Designated Preferred Stock with respect to either or both the payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation 
 (ii) Amendment of Designated Preferred Stock . Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of the Certificate of Designations for the Designated Preferred Stock or the Charter (including, unless no vote on such merger or consolidation is required by Section 7(c)(iii) below, any amendment, alteration or repeal by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) so as to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Designated Preferred Stock or 
 (iii) Share Exchanges, Reclassifications, Mergers and Consolidations . Any consummation of a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Designated Preferred Stock, or of a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with another corporation or other entity, unless in each case (x) the shares of Designated Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Corporation is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (y) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, 
 A-8 

privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, of Designated Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole provided , however , that for all purposes of this Section 7(c), any increase in the amount of the authorized Preferred Stock, including any increase in the authorized amount of Designated Preferred Stock necessary to satisfy preemptive or similar rights granted by the Corporation to other persons prior to the Signing Date, or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, whether pursuant to preemptive or similar rights or otherwise, of any other series of Preferred Stock, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any other series of Preferred Stock, ranking equally with and or junior to Designated Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers, and shall not require the affirmative vote or consent of, the holders of outstanding shares of the Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (d) Changes after Provision for Redemption . No vote or consent of the holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall be required pursuant to Section 7(c) above if, at or prior to the time when any such vote or consent would otherwise be required pursuant to such Section, all outstanding shares of the Designated Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed, or shall have been called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust for such redemption, in each case pursuant to Section 5 above. 
 (e) Procedures for Voting and Consents . The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the holders of Designated Preferred Stock (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such a meeting, the obtaining of written consents and any other aspect or matter with regard to such a meeting or such consents shall be governed by any rules of the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Charter, the Bylaws, and applicable law and the rules of any national securities exchange or other trading facility on which Designated Preferred Stock is listed or traded at the time. 
 Section 8. Record Holders . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation and the transfer agent for Designated Preferred Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any share of Designated Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor such transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 Section 9. Notices . All notices or communications in respect of Designated Preferred Stock shall be sufficiently given if given in writing and delivered in person or by first class mail, postage prepaid, or if given in such other manner as may be permitted in this Certificate of Designations, in the Charter or Bylaws or by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if shares of Designated Preferred Stock are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company or any similar facility, such notices may be given to the holders of Designated Preferred Stock in any manner permitted by such facility. 
 Section 10. No Preemptive Rights . No share of Designated Preferred Stock shall have any rights of preemption whatsoever as to any securities of the Corporation, or any warrants, rights or options issued or granted with respect thereto, regardless of how such securities, or such warrants, rights or options, may be designated, issued or granted. 
 A-9 

Section 11. Replacement Certificates . The Corporation shall replace any mutilated certificate at the holder s expense upon surrender of that certificate to the Corporation. The Corporation shall replace certificates that become destroyed, stolen or lost at the holder s expense upon delivery to the Corporation of reasonably satisfactory evidence that the certificate has been destroyed, stolen or lost, together with any indemnity that may be reasonably required by the Corporation. 
 Section 12. Other Rights . The shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall not have any rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers or relative, participating, optional or other special rights, or qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, other than as set forth herein or in the Charter or as provided by applicable law. 
 A-10 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 ex32amendedandrestatedbyla.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 
 Exhibit 3.2 

 BYLAWS 
 OF 
 AMERIS BANCORP 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 THROUGH JUNE 11 FEBRUARY 23 , 2020 2023 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1. Registered Office . The Ameris Bancorp (the Corporation shall maintain a registered office in the State of Georgia and shall have a registered agent whose business office is the same as such registered office. 
 Section 2. Principal Office . The principal office of the Corporation shall be at the place designated in the Corporation s annual registration with the Georgia Secretary of State. The board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors shall have the power to change the location of the principal office at any time. 
 Section 3. Other Offices . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both in and outside the State of Georgia as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine and as the business of the Corporation may require or make desirable. 
 ARTICLE II 
 SHAREHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 Section 1. Place of Meetings . Meetings of the shareholders shall be held either at the principal office of the Corporation or at any other place, either in or outside the State of Georgia, as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors and designated in the notice of the meeting or executed waiver of notice. 
 Section 2. Annual Meetings . The Corporation shall hold an annual meeting of shareholders, on a date and at a time determined by the Board of Directors, to elect directors and to transact any business that properly may come before the meeting. The annual meeting may be combined with any other meeting of shareholders, whether annual or special. 
 Section 3. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the shareholders shall be held upon call of the Chairman of the Board of Directors (the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary when so directed by the Board of Directors or at the request in writing (in compliance with applicable requirements of the Georgia Business Corporation Code or any successor law or laws (the GBCC )) of the holders of shares representing at least 50 of the votes entitled to be cast on each issue proposed to be considered at the special meeting. Any such request shall state the purpose for which the meeting is to be called. 
 Section 4. Notice of Meetings . Written notice of every meeting of shareholders, stating the place, date and time of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given personally, by mail or by and in accordance with any other manner provided in the GBCC to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting no fewer than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. Only business within the purpose or purposes described in the notice (including related or incidental matters that may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the proposed business) may be conducted at a special meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with first-class postage thereon prepaid addressed to the shareholder at the shareholder s address as it appears on the Corporation s record of 

Exhibit 3.2 

 shareholders. Attendance of a shareholder at a meeting of shareholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting and of all objections to the place or time of meeting, or the manner in which it has been called or convened, except when a shareholder attends a meeting solely for the purpose of stating, at the beginning of the meeting, any such objections to the transaction of any business. Notice need not be given to any shareholder who waives notice in writing or by electronic transmission, signed by the shareholder entitled to the notice and delivered to the Corporation, either before or after the meeting. 
 Section 5. Quorum . The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the shareholders except as otherwise provided by statute, by the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation, as may be amended from time to time (the Articles of Incorporation ), or by these Bylaws. If a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the shareholders, a majority of the shareholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 Section 6. Conduct of Meetings . The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of the shareholders as it deems appropriate. At every meeting of the shareholders, the Chairman of the Board , or in his or her absence or disability, the Chief Executive Officer, or, in his or her absence or disability, a director or officer designated by the Board of Directors, shall serve as chair of the meeting. The Secretary or, in his or her absence or disability, the person whom the chair of the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof. 
 The chair of the meeting shall determine the order of business and, in the absence of a rule adopted by the Board of Directors, shall establish rules for the conduct of the meeting. The chair of the meeting shall announce the close of the polls for each matter voted upon at the meeting, after which no ballots, proxies, votes, changes or revocations will be accepted. Polls for all matters before the meeting will be deemed to be closed upon final adjournment of the meeting. 
 Section 7. Voting . When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of law or of the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question. Each shareholder shall at every meeting of the shareholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of the capital stock having voting power registered in such shareholder s name on the books of the Corporation, but no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 11 months from its date, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. Any shareholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 8. Consent of Shareholders . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if all of the shareholders consent thereto in writing, setting forth the action so taken. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of shareholders. 

Exhibit 3.2 

 Section 9. Voting Lists . The officer or agent having charge of the share transfer records for shares of the Corporation shall prepare an alphabetical list of all shareholders entitled to notice of a meeting of shareholders, arranged by voting group and by class and series of shares, showing the address of and the number of shares held by each shareholder. The list shall be available for inspection by any shareholder during regular corporate hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation or, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting upon request, on a reasonably accessible electronic network. The list shall also be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall be subject to the inspection of any shareholder during the entire meeting. 
 Section 10. Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of other business to be considered by the shareholders may be made at a meeting of shareholders only (1) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting, (2) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (3) by any shareholder of the Corporation who is a shareholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in this Section 10, is entitled to vote at the meeting and complies with the notice procedures and other provisions set forth in this Section 10. 
 (a) In addition to any other applicable requirements, for nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors or other business to be properly brought before a meeting by a shareholder pursuant to this Section 10, timely notice of any nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors or of any other business to be brought before a meeting of shareholders by a shareholder must be provided in writing to the Secretary. To be timely, a shareholder s notice given pursuant to this Section 10 must be received at the principal executive office of the Corporation (directed to the Secretary at the address, facsimile or electronic email address specified in the Corporation s most recent proxy statement) not later than the close of business on the 120th calendar day nor earlier than the close of business on the 150th calendar day prior to the first anniversary of the date that the Corporation s proxy statement was mailed or given to shareholders by or on behalf of the Corporation in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation provided, however, that if no annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation was held in the previous year, if the date of the forthcoming annual meeting of shareholders has been changed by more than 30 calendar days from the date contemplated at the time of the previous year s proxy statement or if the forthcoming meeting is not an annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation, then such shareholder s notice must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the earlier of (i) the day on which notice of the date of the forthcoming meeting was mailed or given to shareholders by or on behalf of the Corporation and (ii) the day on which public announcement of the date of the forthcoming meeting was made by or on behalf of the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 10, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a meeting of shareholders of the Corporation commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a shareholder s notice as described above. 
 
 (b) To be in proper form, a shareholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which then are beneficially owned by such person, (D) any other information relating to such person that is required by law or regulation to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of directors of the Corporation, (E) such person s written consent to being named as a nominee for election as a director (including, but not limited to, in any proxy 

Exhibit 3.2 

 statement and on any proxy card) and to serve as a director if elected and (F) an undertaking to provide to the Corporation a completed and signed director questionnaire (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary) and such other information as the Corporation may reasonably request (ii) as to any other business that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (A) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, (B) the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and (C) any material interest in such business of such shareholder and any other person on whose behalf the proposal is made and (iii) as to the shareholder giving notice (A) the name and address of such shareholder, as they appear in the stock records of the Corporation, (B) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which then are beneficially owned by such shareholder, (C) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder and each nominee for election as director and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) relating to the nomination proposed to be made by such shareholder, as applicable, (D) whether and the extent to which any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale or other derivative or similar instrument or agreement has been entered into by or on behalf of such shareholder, or any affiliates or associates of such shareholder, with respect to shares of capital stock of the Corporation, (E) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position and any borrowing or lending of shares of capital stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such shareholder, or any affiliates or associates of such shareholder, with respect to capital stock of the Corporation, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such shareholder, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such shareholder, or any affiliates or associates of such shareholder, with respect to stock of the Corporation, (F) if such shareholder intends to engage in a solicitation with respect to this Section 10, a statement disclosing the name of each participant in such solicitation (as defined in Item 4 of Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act), and if involving a nomination, a representation that such shareholder intends to solicit holders of shares representing at least sixty-seven percent (67 of the voting capital stock of the Corporation in support of director nominees other than persons nominated by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (G) if such shareholder has delivered to the Corporation a notice relating to the nomination of one or more persons to the Board of Directors, no later than five business days prior to the date of the applicable meeting of shareholders or, if practicable, any adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement thereof (or if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which such meeting has been adjourned, recessed, rescheduled or postponed), reasonable evidence that such shareholder has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, and (H) any other information required by law or regulation to be provided by a shareholder intending to nominate a person for election as a director of the Corporation, as applicable. Without limiting the foregoing, the information required by this paragraph shall be updated by the shareholder not later than 10 days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such information as of the record date. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated by or at the direction of the Board of Directors for election as a director of the Corporation shall furnish to the Secretary the information concerning such nominee which is required to be set forth in a shareholder s notice of a proposed nomination. 
 (c) No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation and no business shall be conducted at any meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation unless nominated or proposed, respectively, in compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10. The chair of a meeting of shareholders of the Corporation shall, if the facts warrant, determine that business has not been properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10, and if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. In addition, if the chair determines that a nomination of a director or directors was not made in accordance with the procedures specified in this Section 10, the chair of the meeting 

Exhibit 3.2 

 shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10, a shareholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 10 provided, however, that references in these Bylaws to the federal securities laws or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Section 10 of this Article. Nothing herein shall be deemed to affect any rights of shareholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 ARTICLE III 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. Powers . Except as otherwise provided by any legal agreement among shareholders, the property, affairs and business of the Corporation shall be managed and directed by its the Board of Directors, which may exercise all powers of the Corporation and do all lawful acts and things which are not by law, by any legal agreement among shareholders, by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the shareholders. 
 Section 2. Number, Election and Term . 
 (a) The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall be not fewer than seven nor more than 15. The specific number of directors within such range shall be fixed or changed from time to time by a majority of the Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes which shall be as nearly equal in number as is possible. At the first election of directors to such classified Board of Directors, each Class 1 then in office. Each director shall be elected to serve until the next ensuing annual meeting of shareholders, each Class 2 director shall be elected to serve until the second ensuing annual meeting of shareholders and each Class 3 director shall be elected to serve until the third ensuing annual meeting of shareholders. At at each annual meeting of shareholders following the meeting at which the Board of Directors is initially classified, the number of directors equal to the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting shall be elected to serve until the third ensuing next annual meeting of shareholders . In the event of any change in the authorized number of directors, the number of directors in each class shall be adjusted so that thereafter each of the three classes shall be composed, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the authorized number of directors, provided that any change in the authorized number of directors shall not increase or shorten the term of any director, and any decrease shall become effective only as and when the term or terms of office of the class or classes of directors affected thereby shall expire, or a vacancy or vacancies in such class or classes shall occur. and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office or death. The number of directors may be increased or decreased from time to time by the Board of Directors by amendment of this Section 2(a), but no decrease shall have the effect of shortening the term of an incumbent director. Directors shall be natural persons who have attained the age of 18 years, but need not be residents of the State of Georgia or shareholders of the Corporation. Employees of subsidiary corporations (who are not also officers of the Corporation) shall not be eligible to serve as directors. With the exception of James B. Miller, Jr., each director shall retire at the annual meeting following the date such director attains the age of 75. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2(a), commencing with the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors shall no longer be divided into three classes and each director shall be elected at each annual meeting of shareholders to serve until 

Exhibit 3.2 

 the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office or death. 
 (b) Except as provided in Section 3 of this Article, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present provided , however , that if the directors number of director nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected 10 days before the mailing of the Corporation s definitive proxy statement (a contested election ), then each director shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of votes cast in connection with the election of directors at any meeting of shareholders with respect to which (i) the Secretary receives a notice that a shareholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with the requirements for shareholder nominees for director set forth in Section 2(c) of this Article and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such shareholder on or prior to the tenth day preceding the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the shareholders . For purposes of this Section 2(b), a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a nominee s election must exceed the votes cast against such nominee s election. If directors are to be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in a contested election, shareholders shall not be permitted to vote against a nominee. Each director elected shall hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office or death. 
 If Except with respect to a contested election, if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is an incumbent director, then the director shall promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, the effectiveness of which shall be conditioned upon, and subject to, acceptance by the Board of Directors. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors (the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind its decision within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election result. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee in making its recommendation, and the Board of Directors in making its decision, may each consider any factors or other information that they consider appropriate and relevant. The director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee or the decision of the Board of Directors with respect to his or her resignation or in any deliberations related thereto. 
 If a director s resignation is accepted by the Board of Directors pursuant to this paragraph of Section 2(b), or if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent director, then the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions of Section 3 of this Article or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(a) of this Article. If a director s resignation is not accepted by the Board of Directors pursuant to this paragraph of Section 2(b), then such director will continue to serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office or death. 
 (c) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a meeting of shareholders of the Corporation either by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by any shareholder of record entitled to vote in the election of directors at such meeting who has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2(c). A shareholder who desires to nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors at a meeting of shareholders of the Corporation and who is eligible to make such nomination must give timely written notice of the proposed nomination to the Secretary. To be timely, a shareholder s notice given pursuant to this 

Exhibit 3.2 

 Section 2(c) must be received at the principal executive office of the Corporation not fewer than 120 calendar days in advance of the date which is one year later than the date of the proxy statement of the Corporation released to shareholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation provided, however, that if no annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation was held in the previous year or if the date of the forthcoming annual meeting of shareholders has been changed by more than 30 calendar days from the date contemplated at the time of the previous year s proxy statement or if the forthcoming meeting is not an annual meeting of shareholders of the Corporation, then to be timely such shareholder s notice must be so received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the earlier of (i) the day on which notice of the date of the forthcoming meeting was mailed or given to shareholders by or on behalf of the Corporation or (ii) the day on which public disclosure of the date of the forthcoming meeting was made by or on behalf of the Corporation. Such shareholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (C) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which then are beneficially owned by such person, (D) any other information relating to such person that is required by law or regulation to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of directors of the Corporation and (E) such person s written consent to being named as a nominee for election as a director and to serve as a director if elected and (ii) as to the shareholder giving notice (A) the name and address, as they appear in the stock records of the Corporation, of such shareholder, (B) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which then are beneficially owned by such shareholder, (C) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder and each nominee for election as director and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) relating to the nomination proposed to be made by such shareholder and (D) any other information required by law or regulation to be provided by a shareholder intending to nominate a person for election as a director of the Corporation. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated by or at the direction of the Board of Directors for election as a director of the Corporation shall furnish to the Secretary the information concerning such nominee which is required to be set forth in a shareholder s notice of a proposed nomination. No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2(c). The chair of a meeting of shareholders of the Corporation shall refuse to accept the nomination of any person not made in compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2(c), and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. 
 Section 3. Vacancies . Vacancies on the Board of Directors and newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of members of the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and a director so chosen shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office or death. 
 Section 4. Meetings and Notice . The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either in or outside the State of Georgia. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the board Board of Directors . Special meetings of the board Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or by any two directors on one day s oral or written notice (which shall include notice by electronic transmission in accordance with the GBCC) duly given or served on each director personally, or three days, notice deposited, first-class postage prepaid, in the United States mail. Such notice shall state a reasonable time, date and place of meeting, but the purpose need not be stated therein. Notice need not be given to any director who waives notice in writing or by electronic transmission, signed by the director and delivered to the Corporation, either before or after the 

Exhibit 3.2 

 meeting. Attendance of a director at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, waiver of all objections to the place and time of the meeting, or the manner in which it has been called or convened, except when the director states, at the beginning of the meeting, any such objection or objections to the transaction of business. 
 Section 5. Quorum . At all meetings of the board Board of Directors a majority of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board Board of Directors , except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board Board of Directors , the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
 Section 6. Conference Telephone Meeting . Unless the Articles of Incorporation or these by Bylaws otherwise provide, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment whereby all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation in such a meeting shall constitute presence in person. 
 Section 7. Consent of Directors . Unless otherwise restricted by the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the board Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, setting forth the action so taken, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the board Board of Directors or committee. Such consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the board Board of Directors . 
 Section 8. Committees . The Board of Directors may by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board Board of Directors , designate from among its members one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more directors. The board Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any meeting of such committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution, shall have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation except that it shall have no authority with respect to any of the following (a) amending the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws (b) adopting a plan of merger or consolidation (c) the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Corporation and (d) a voluntary dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation thereof. Such committee may determine its action and may fix the time and places of its meetings, unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required. 
 Section 9. Removal of Directors . At any shareholders meeting with respect to which notice of such purpose has been given, any director may be removed from office, with cause, by the affirmative vote of shareholders representing holders of at least a majority of the issued and all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors, and his or her successor may be elected at the same or any subsequent meeting of shareholders provided that to the extent any vacancy created by such removal is not filled by such an election within 60 days after such removal, the remaining directors shall, by majority vote, fill any such vacancy. 
 Section 10. Compensation of Directors . Directors shall be entitled to such reasonable compensation for their services as directors or members of any committee of the board Board of 

Exhibit 3.2 

 Directors , and shall also be entitled to reimbursement for any reasonable expenses incurred in attending any meeting of the board Board of Directors or any such committee. 
 Section 11. Chairman of the Board of Directors . The Board of Directors shall elect one of their members to be the Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall be subject to the control of and may be removed by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of shareholders and the Board of Directors (unless another person is selected in accordance with these Bylaws to act as chair) and shall have such other powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1. Number . The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer and a Secretary, each of whom shall be elected or appointed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors from time to time may create and establish the duties of other offices and may elect or appoint, or authorize specific senior officers to appoint, the persons who shall hold such other offices, including, but not limited to, a President, a Treasurer, one or more Vice Presidents (including Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents , and the like), one or more Assistant Secretaries , and one or more Assistant Treasurers. Whether or not so provided by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board may appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the offices of Chief Executive Officer and Secretary. 
 Section 2. Compensation . The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or a committee or officer appointed by the board Board of Directors . 
 Section 3. Term of Office . Each officer shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors (or, if appointed by a senior officer pursuant to this Article, at the pleasure of the Board of Directors or any senior officer authorized to have appointed the officer) until his or her death, resignation or removal, or until his or her replacement is elected or appointed in accordance with this Article. 
 Section 4. Removal . All officers (regardless of how elected or appointed) may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors, and any officer appointed by another officer may also be removed, with or without cause, by any senior officer authorized to have appointed the officer to be removed. Removal will be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person removed, but shall be effective notwithstanding any damage claim that may result from infringement of such contract rights. 
 Section 5. Vacancies . Any vacancies in an office resulting from any cause may be filled by the Board of Directors or by any senior officer authorized to appoint the persons who shall hold such office. 
 Section 6. Powers and Duties . Except as hereinafter provided, the officers of the Corporation shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, as well as such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors. 
 (a) Chief Executive Officer . Unless otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by resolution of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, shall be charged with the general and active management of the business of the Corporation, shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are 

Exhibit 3.2 

 carried into effect, shall have the authority to select and appoint employees and agents of the Corporation , and shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board , perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chairman of the Board . The Chief Executive Officer shall perform any other duties and have any other authority as may be delegated from time to time by the Board of Directors, and shall be subject to the limitations fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 (b) President . The President (if there shall be one, and if such person is different from the Chief Executive Officer) shall, in the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer, or at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer, whether the duties and powers are specified in these Bylaws or otherwise. The President shall perform any other duties and have any other authority as from time to time may be delegated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 (c) Vice President . The Vice President (if there shall be one) shall, in the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer and the President (if there shall be one), or at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer and the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer and the President, whether the duties and powers are specified in these Bylaws or otherwise. If the Corporation has more than one Vice President, the one designated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer and the President (in that order of precedence) shall act in the event of the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer and the President. Vice Presidents shall perform any other duties and have any other authority as from time to time may be delegated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer and the President. 
 (d) Secretary . The Secretary shall be responsible for preparing minutes of the meetings of shareholders, directors and committees of directors and for authenticating records of the Corporation. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary shall have authority to give all notices required by law or these Bylaws. The Secretary shall be responsible for the custody of the corporate books, records, contracts and other documents. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary may affix the corporate seal to any lawfully executed documents requiring it, may attest to the signature of any officer of the Corporation and shall sign any instrument that requires the Secretary s signature. The Board of Directors may also give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by such officer s signature. The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary shall perform any other duties and have any other authority as from time to time may be delegated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 (e) Treasurer . Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall be responsible for the custody of all funds and securities belonging to the Corporation and for the receipt, deposit or disbursement of these funds and securities under the direction of the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall cause full and true accounts of all receipts and disbursements to be maintained and shall cause reports of these receipts and disbursements to be made to the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer upon request. The Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer shall perform any other duties and have any other authority as from time to time may be delegated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 7. Voting Securities of Corporation . Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and vote at any meetings of security holders of corporations in which the Corporation may hold securities, and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities which the Corporation might have possessed and exercised if it had been present. The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time may confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

Exhibit 3.2 

 ARTICLE V 
 DISTRIBUTIONS AND DIVIDENDS 
 Unless the Articles of Incorporation provide otherwise, the Board of Directors, from time to time in its discretion and in accordance with the GBCC and any applicable banking regulations, may authorize or declare distributions or dividends on the capital stock of the Corporation, which may be payable in cash, in property or in shares of the Corporation s capital stock. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 SHARE CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFERS 
 Section 1. Shares of Stock . The shares of stock of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, as provided under Georgia law, and shall be entered in the books of the Corporation and registered as they are issued. Any certificates representing shares of the capital stock shall be in such form as the Board of Directors shall prescribe, certifying the number and class of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation owned by the shareholder. Any such certificate may bear the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof or may be represented by a global certificate through the The Depository Trust Company. Any certificates issued to shareholders of the Corporation shall bear the name of the Corporation and state that it is organized under the laws of the State of Georgia, the name of the shareholder and the number and class (and the designation of the series, if any) of the shares represented. Each such certificate shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer (or in lieu thereof, by the Chairman of the Board or the President, if there be one) and may be signed by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary provided , however , that where the certificate is signed (either manually or by facsimile) by a transfer agent, or registered by a registrar, the signatures of those officers may be facsimiles. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing shares of the same class and series shall be identical. No share shall be issued until the consideration therefor, fixed as provided by law, has been fully paid. 
 Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares of stock, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice that shall set forth the name of the Corporation, that the Corporation is organized under the laws of the State of Georgia, the name of the shareholder, the number and class (and the designation of the series, if any) of the shares represented and any restrictions on the transfer or registration of such shares of stock imposed by the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, any agreement among shareholders or any agreement between shareholders and the Corporation, and such other matters as are required by law. 
 Section 2. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the owner of the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed certificate. When authorizing the issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, may require the owner of the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or the owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against the Corporation or other obligees with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate or certificates. 
 Section 3. Transfers . Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a 

Exhibit 3.2 

 new certificate or evidence of the issuance of uncertificated shares to the shareholder entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon the books of the Corporation. Upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of uncertificated shares, such shares shall be cancelled, issuance of new equivalent uncertificated shares or certificated shares shall be made issued to the shareholder entitled thereto and the transaction shall be recorded upon the books of the Corporation. If the Corporation has a transfer agent or registrar acting on its behalf, the signature of any officer or representative thereof may be in facsimile. 
 Section 4. Registered Shareholders . The Corporation may treat the holder of record of any shares issued by the Corporation as the holder in fact thereof, for purposes of voting those shares, receiving distributions thereon or notices in respect thereof, transferring those shares, exercising rights of dissent with respect to those shares, entering into agreements with respect to those shares in accordance with the laws of Georgia , or giving proxies with respect to those shares. Neither the Corporation nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for regarding that person as the owner of those shares at that time for those purposes, regardless of whether that person possesses a certificate for those shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not the Corporation shall have express notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law. 
 Section 5. Transfer Agents and Registrars . The Board of Directors may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 Section 1. Right of Indemnification and Standards of Conduct . Every person (and the heirs and legal representatives of such person) who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or any other corporation of which he or she served as such at the request of the Corporation and of which the Corporation directly or indirectly is a shareholder or creditor, or in which or in the stocks, bonds, securities or other obligations of which it is in any way interested, may shall in accordance with Section 2 of this Article, and to the maximum extent permitted by the GBCC, be indemnified for any liability and expense that may be incurred by such person in connection with or resulting from any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative (whether formal or informal and whether brought by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise) (any such action, suit or proceeding being referred to in this Article as a Proceeding ), or in connection with any appeal relating thereto, in which he or she may become involved, as a party or prospective party or otherwise, by reason of any action taken or not taken in his or her capacity as such director or officer or as a member of any committee appointed by the Board of Directors to act for, in the interest of , or on behalf of the Corporation, whether or not he or she continues to be such at the time such liability or expense shall have been incurred provided such person (a) acted in good faith and (b) reasonably believed (i) in the case of conduct in the person s official capacity, that the conduct was in the Corporation s best interests (ii) in all other cases, that the conduct was at least not opposed to the Corporation s best interests and (iii) in the case of a criminal Proceeding, that the person had no reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful. 
 As used in this Article, the terms liability and expense shall include, but shall not be limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements, court costs, expert witness fees, amounts of judgments, fines or penalties , and amounts paid in compromise or settlement by a director or an officer. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, compromise, settlement (with or without court approval) or conviction or upon a plea of guilty or of nolo contendere, or its 

Exhibit 3.2 

 equivalent, shall not create a presumption that a director or officer did not meet the standards of conduct set forth in this Section 1. 
 Section 2. Determination of Right of Indemnification . Every person (and the heirs and legal representatives of such person) referred to in Section 1 of this Article who has been wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, Advancement of Expenses. Expenses incurred with respect to a any Proceeding of the character described in Section 1 of this Article shall be advanced by the Corporation prior to the final disposition thereof upon receipt of a written affirmation by the recipient of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct and a written undertaking and agreement of the recipient to repay to the Corporation such amount if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification as of right without any further action or approval by the Board of Directors. Except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence, any indemnification under Section 1 of this Article shall be made at the discretion of the Corporation, but only pursuant to a determination made in the manner set forth in Section 14-2-855 of the GBCC that indemnification is permissible in the circumstances . 
 Section 3. Determination of Right of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The Corporation acknowledges that indemnification of, and advancement of expenses to, a director or officer under this Article has been pre-authorized by the Corporation as permitted by Section 14-2-859(a) of the GBCC, and that pursuant to the authority exercised under Section 14-2-856 of the GBCC, no determination need be made for a specific Proceeding that such indemnification of or advances of expenses to the director or officer is permissible in the circumstances because he or she has met a particular standard of conduct. 
 No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of such person s duty of care or other duty as a director provided that this provision shall eliminate or limit the liability of a director only to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by the GBCC. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no officer or director who was or is a party to any action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was an officer or director of this or such other corporation the Corporation shall be indemnified in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his or her duty to the Corporation unless and except to the extent that the Court court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability and in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the Court such court shall deem proper. 
 Section 3. Advancement of Expenses . Expenses incurred with respect to any Proceeding of the character described in Section 1 of this Article may be advanced by the Corporation prior to the final disposition thereof upon receipt of a written affirmation by the recipient of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct and a written undertaking and agreement of the recipient to repay to the Corporation such amount if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification under this Article. 
 Section 4. Rights of Indemnification Cumulative . The rights of indemnification provided in this Article shall be in addition to any rights to which any such director or officer or other person may otherwise be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise, and shall be in addition to the power of the Corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any such director or officer or other person against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in such capacity, or arising out of his or her status 

Exhibit 3.2 

 as such, regardless of whether the Corporation would have the power to indemnify against such liability under this Article or otherwise. 
 Section 5. Notice to Shareholders . If the Corporation indemnifies or advances expenses to a director under any of Sections 14-2-851 through 14-2-854 of the GBCC in connection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation, the Corporation shall, to the extent required by Section 14-2-1621 or any other applicable provision of the GBCC, report the indemnification or advance in writing to the shareholders of the Corporation with or before the notice of the next shareholders meeting. 
 Section 6. Amendment . Any amendment to this Article that limits or otherwise adversely affects the right of indemnification, advancement of expenses or other rights of any indemnified person hereunder shall, as to such indemnified person, apply only to Proceedings based on actions, events or omissions (collectively, Post-Amendment Events occurring after such amendment and after delivery of notice of such amendment to the indemnified person so affected. Any indemnified person shall, as to any Proceeding based on actions, events or omissions occurring prior to the date of receipt of such notice, be entitled to the right of indemnification, advancement of expenses and other rights under this Article to the same extent as if such provisions had continued as part of the Bylaws without such amendment. This Section 6 cannot shall not be altered, amended or repealed in a manner effective as to any indemnified person (except as to Post-Amendment Events) without the prior written consent of such indemnified person. 
 Section 7. Successors . For purposes of this Article, the term Corporation shall include any corporation, joint venture, trust, partnership or unincorporated business association that is the successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of this Corporation, as a result of merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation or otherwise, and any such successor shall be liable to the persons indemnified under this Article on the same terms and conditions and to the same extent as this the Corporation. 
 Section 8. Severability . Each of the Sections of this Article, and each of the clauses set forth herein, shall be deemed separate and independent, and should any part of any such Section or clause be declared invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall in no way render invalid or unenforceable any other part thereof or any separate Section or clause of this Article that is not declared invalid or unenforceable. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 1. Record Date . In order that the Corporation may determine the shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 70 days and, in case of a meeting of shareholders, not fewer than 10 days prior to the date on which the particular action requiring such determination of shareholders is to be taken. If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of shareholders, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the meeting is held. If no record date is fixed for other purposes, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A 

Exhibit 3.2 

 determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting unless the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 Section 2. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. Seal . The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal in a form approved by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may authorize the use of one or more facsimile forms of the corporate seal. The corporate seal need not be used unless its use is required by law, by these Bylaws or by the Articles of Incorporation. 
 Section 4. Annual Statements . Not later than four months after the close of each fiscal year, and in any case prior to the next annual meeting of shareholders, the Corporation shall prepare the following (a) a balance sheet showing in reasonable detail the financial condition of the Corporation as of the close of its fiscal year and (b) a profit and loss statement showing the results of the Corporation s operations during its fiscal year. Upon written request, the Corporation promptly shall mail to any shareholder of record a copy of the most recent such balance sheet and profit and loss statement. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 AMENDMENTS 
 The Board of Directors shall have power to alter, amend or repeal these Bylaws or adopt new bylaws by majority vote of all of the directors, but any bylaws adopted by the Board of Directors may be altered, amended or repealed and new bylaws adopted, by the shareholders by majority vote of all of the shares having voting power. 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.57>
 4
 ex457descriptionofregister.htm
 EX-4.57

Document 
 Exhibit 4.57 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following information summarizes certain features and rights of our capital stock. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and applicable provisions of Georgia law. 
 General 
 The authorized capital stock of Ameris Bancorp, a Georgia corporation Ameris ), consists of 
 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, 69,385,050 of which were issued and outstanding as of February 17, 2023 and 
 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 52,000 shares have been designated as Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, par value 0.01 per share, and of which 175,000 shares have been designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, no par value per share, none of which are issued and outstanding. 
 Ameris s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol ABCB. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of Ameris common stock is entitled to one vote per share held on any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. There are no cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of Ameris common stock are entitled to receive dividends only if, as and when declared by the Ameris board of directors out of funds legally available, subject to certain restrictions imposed by state and federal laws and the preferential dividend rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. 
 No Preemptive or Conversion Rights 
 Holders of Ameris common stock do not have preemptive rights to purchase additional shares of any class of capital stock, nor do they have conversion or redemption rights. 
 Calls and Assessments 
 All of the issued and outstanding shares of Ameris common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Ameris, the holders of Ameris common stock (and the holders of any class or series of stock entitled to participate with the common stock in the distribution of assets) will be entitled to receive, in cash or in kind, Ameris s assets available for distribution remaining after payment or provision for payment of Ameris s debts and liabilities and 

distributions or provision for distributions to holders of Ameris preferred stock having preference over Ameris common stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Ameris board of directors may, from time to time, issue shares of the authorized, undesignated preferred stock in one or more classes or series without shareholder approval. In connection with any such issuance, the Ameris board of directors may by resolution determine the designation, preferences, limitations, conversion rights, cumulative, relative, participating, optional or other rights, including voting rights, qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of such shares of preferred stock. 
 Certain Provisions of Ameris s Charter Documents and the GBCC 
 Ameris s articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make more difficult an acquisition of Ameris by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage specific types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids as well as to encourage persons seeking to acquire control to first negotiate with the Ameris board of directors. 
 The Georgia Business Corporations Code (the GBCC also provides additional provisions which, if adopted by the Ameris board of directors, would further inhibit certain unsolicited acquisition proposals. 
 Shareholder Action Through Written Consent 
 Ameris s bylaws only provide for shareholder action by written consent in lieu of a meeting if all shareholders entitled to vote on such action sign such consent. 
 Nominations to Board of Directors 
 Ameris s bylaws provide that nominations for the election of directors may be made by the Ameris board of directors or any committee appointed by the Ameris board of directors or by any shareholder entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Ameris s bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for shareholder nominations to the Ameris board of directors. A shareholder may only make a nomination to the Ameris board of directors if he or she complies with the advance notice and other procedural requirements of Ameris s bylaws and is entitled to vote on such nomination at the meeting. 
 Removal of Directors Board of Directors Vacancies 
 Ameris s articles of incorporation provide that members of the Ameris board of directors may only be removed for cause and then only with a vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote in the election of directors. Any vacancies in the Ameris board of directors resulting from an increase in the size of the board or the death or resignation of a director may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. Vacancies in the Ameris board of directors resulting from the removal of a director may be filled at the same meeting at which the removal occurred or any subsequent meeting of shareholders provided that, to the extent a vacancy is not filled by an election within sixty days after the removal which caused such vacancy, the remaining directors shall, by majority vote, fill the vacancy. These provisions are intended to prevent a shareholder from gaining control of the Ameris board of directors by removing incumbent directors and filling the resulting vacancies with such shareholder s own nominees. 

Authorized But Unissued Stock 
 The authorized but unissued shares of Ameris common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without shareholder approval, subject to applicable Nasdaq listing rules. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of Ameris common stock and preferred stock may enable the Ameris board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which could render more difficult or discourage any attempt to obtain control of Ameris by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of Ameris s management. 
 Georgia Fair Price Statute and Business Combination Statute 
 The GBCC contains a fair price statute, which generally restricts a company from entering into certain business combinations (as defined in the GBCC) with an interested shareholder unless 
 the transaction is unanimously approved by the continuing directors who must constitute at least three members of the board of directors at the time of such approval or 
 the transaction is recommended by at least two-thirds of the continuing directors and approved by a majority of the shareholders excluding the interested shareholder. 
 Such statute further provides that the approval requirements described above do not apply to a business combination if the terms of the transaction meet specified fair pricing criteria and certain other tests. 
 The GBCC also contains a business combination statute, which generally restricts a company from entering into certain business combinations (as defined in the GBCC) with an interested shareholder for a period of five years after the date on which such shareholder became an interested shareholder unless 
 the transaction is approved by the board of directors of the company prior to the date the person became an interested shareholder 
 the interested shareholder acquires at least 90 of the company s voting stock in the same transaction (calculated as provided in the GBCC) in which such person became an interested shareholder or 
 subsequent to becoming an interested shareholder, the shareholder acquires at least 90 (calculated as provided in the GBCC) of the company s voting stock and the business combination is approved by the holders of a majority of the voting stock entitled to vote on the matter (excluding the stock held by the interested shareholder and certain other persons). 
 The GBCC provides that the restrictions set forth in the fair price statute and the business combination statute will not apply unless the bylaws of the corporation specifically provide that these provisions of the GBCC are applicable to the corporation (and in certain other situations). Ameris has not elected to be covered by such statutes, but Ameris could do so by action of the Ameris board of directors, without a vote by shareholders except as may be prohibited by law, at any time. 

</EX-4.57>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 abcb12-31x2022ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 REGISTRANT S SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name of Subsidiary State of Incorporation 
 or Organization 
 Ameris Bank Georgia Balboa Capital Corporation California BCC Funding II LLC Delaware BCC Funding IX LLC Delaware BCC Funding XII LLC Delaware BCC Funding XIV LLC Delaware BCC Funding XV LLC Delaware BCC Funding XVI LLC Delaware BCC Funding XVII LLC Delaware BCC Funding XVIII LLC Delaware BCC Titling Trust Delaware Ameris Bank Mortgage Securities LLC Georgia East Arlington, Inc. Florida Fountain Financial, Inc. Florida Jarrett Point, LLC Florida Parman Place, Inc. Florida S. Pt. Properties, Inc. Florida TJB Properties, LLC Florida 210 South Oak Street, LLC Georgia HSB Properties I, LLC Georgia HSB Properties II, LLC Georgia Decatur Properties, Inc. Georgia Decatur Properties II, Inc. Georgia Decatur Properties III, Inc. Georgia Decatur Properties IV, Inc. Georgia Decatur Properties V, Inc. Georgia Decatur Properties Holdings, LLC Georgia USPF Corporation Georgia Prosperity Land Holdings, LLC Florida LionMark Insurance Company Georgia US Premium Finance Holding Company Florida Ameris Statutory Trust I Delaware Prosperity Bank Statutory Trust II Connecticut Prosperity Bank Statutory Trust III Delaware Prosperity Bank Statutory Trust IV Delaware Prosperity Banking Capital Trust I Delaware Coastal Bankshares Statutory Trust I Delaware Coastal Bankshares Statutory Trust II Connecticut Merchants & Southern Statutory Trust I Delaware Merchants & Southern Statutory Trust II Delaware 

Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. Statutory Trust I Delaware Jacksonville Statutory Trust I Delaware Jacksonville Statutory Trust II Delaware Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III Delaware Cherokee Statutory Trust I Delaware Fidelity Southern Statutory Trust I Connecticut Fidelity Southern Statutory Trust II Delaware Fidelity Southern Statutory Trust III Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 abcb12-31x2022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-248945) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-200597, 333-229626, 333-257922, 333-237097 and 333-265503) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Ameris Bancorp and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 abcb12-31x2022ex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-248945) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-200597, 333-229626, 333-237097, 333-257922 and 333-265503) of Ameris Bancorp of our report dated February 26, 2021 on the consolidated statement of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ameris Bancorp for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Crowe LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 abcb12-31x2022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, H. Palmer Proctor Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Ameris Bancorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s H. Palmer Proctor Jr. H. Palmer Proctor Jr., Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 abcb12-31x2022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Nicole S. Stokes, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Ameris Bancorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s Nicole S. Stokes Nicole S. Stokes, Corporate EVP and Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting and financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 abcb12-31x2022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, H. Palmer Proctor Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Ameris Bancorp (the Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 28, 2023 s H. Palmer Proctor Jr. H. Palmer Proctor Jr., Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 abcb12-31x2022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Nicole S. Stokes, Corporate EVP and Chief Financial Officer of Ameris Bancorp (the Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated February 28, 2023 s Nicole S. Stokes Nicole S. Stokes, Corporate EVP and Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting and financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 abcb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 abcb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 abcb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 abcb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 abcb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

