<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1758699_0001758699-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1503374</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>52887</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>360044</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>302776</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>307759</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>450048</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001758699-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227125843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001758699-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSUITE.ORG INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001758699
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				301129581
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56476
		FILM NUMBER:		23672192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STREET AL. JEROZOLIMSKIE 85 LOK. 21
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			R9
		ZIP:			02-001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		48732100862

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STREET AL. JEROZOLIMSKIE 85 LOK. 21
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			R9
		ZIP:			02-001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001758699-23-000004.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 report10k_30nov2022.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

[ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 or 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from __________
to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

7370 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 

Michal Wisniewski 

, , 

+ - 

 (Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number,
including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Office) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated Filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated Filer 
 [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal year:
 . 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of February 27,
2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business. 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 6 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties. 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal proceedings. 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 8 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 8 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 9 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 21 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 23 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company. 
 23 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 24 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 25 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 25 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 26 

Signatures 
 26 

3 

PART I 

 Item 1. Description of Business 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Overview 

Transuite.Org Inc. is an online
translation service that offers high-quality professional translation services for any pair of foreign languages. Our service is available
worldwide, allowing us to cater to the needs of both individuals and large companies across various industries. 

 Our website, http://transuite.org,
offers a user-friendly interface for placing translation orders, making it easy to find available translation services based on your request
and receive them when needed. Our website also offers online translation checking services in English, Spanish, French, German, Greek,
Japanese, Italian, Chinese, Polish, and Turkish. 

 At Transuite.Org Inc., we strive to make translation
services more accessible, efficient, and capable of meeting the demand for quality online translation services. 

Our Website 

Our website can be accessed at http://transuite.org. 

Strategy 

Our strategy is to meet the demand for high-quality
online translations for anyone in need and provide freelance translators with the opportunity to acquire new clients. 

Mission 

Our mission is to empower freelance translators to
build their portfolios, expand their networks, and connect with potential clients through our platform. Our platform is designed to assist
professionals in maintaining, improving, and expanding their connections, learning, sharing, marketing, and selling their translation
services online. 

Our Users 

Our possible users are expected to consist of: 

Internet users; 

Social Media users; 

Our Translation Platform and Translation Services 

We are currently in the process
of developing our Translation Platform (the Platform for regular users and small businesses. The Platform will be available
for an annual license fee and/or a percentage of profits. It will be a cloud-based marketplace that can be accessed through a web browser
on any device, allowing end-users to connect socially with translators who offer suitable services and discuss appropriate conditions
of cooperation. 

 Our plan is to customize and diversify the Platform
to support virtually any existing language combination. The extent of this customization and diversification will depend largely on the
popularity of our platform among freelance translators and users, who are our main customers. 

4 

Our Platform
engagement agreements have a minimum term of one (1) month, after which users will be offered the option to renew their subscription.
Our fee structure includes periodical fees and/or a minimum of 20 of the net profits generated from monthly subscription services, e-commerce
fees, and online advertising sales from platform users. 

 We reserve the right to terminate an engagement
agreement at any time if the user fails to pay the subscription fee. Either party may terminate the agreement for the other party's material
breach, which is incurable or uncured by the breaching party for 30 days after receiving notice of the breach. Alternatively, the agreement
may be terminated by mutual agreement. Upon termination, all services, rights, and authorizations granted to the user will immediately
cease, and all outstanding amounts will be due and payable. 

 We are developing our platform
specifically for the translation industry, which we believe will have a passionate consumer base that communicates through non-public
channels. Their commerce or private activity is highly based on referral and copy-cat consumption. For example, we may enter
into agreements with industries such as real estate and niche sports verticals like hunting and fishing. If we decide to use machine learning
(A.I.) for our platform, it will interpolate the user behavior data through their online social activity to better connect the right people
and businesses together, at the right time when online in our social network. Unlike other social networks and e-commerce systems like
Facebook and Amazon, where everyone is grouped together and forced to listen to white noise, our platform is planned to increase online
user connectivity and stronger relationships between businesses, individual entrepreneurs, freelancers, and their customers. 

 The company's management considers it best for the
platform to be accessed by subculture industries in over 120 countries and to be translated into multiple languages. We want our language
translation files for the platform to include 80 or more of the following languages: English, German, Hungarian, Portuguese, Turkish,
Polish, Russian, Swedish, Slovenian, French, Dutch, Portuguese, Czech, Persian, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Romanian, Spanish, Italian, and
Japanese. We also plan to attract freelance translators who would be able to work with any pair of the mentioned languages. The foregoing
will position international use of our platform immediately following our future launch through individual agreements. 

Competition 

We face competition in the social networking sector.
Moving forward with the development of our Platform, we plan to compete on a larger scale with Facebook, LinkedIn, eBay, and other social
networks and E-Commerce sites for users' engagement, all of which have substantially more financial resources and a significantly larger
user base than we do. 

Competitive Advantages 

Our competitive advantage is that we are solely dedicated
to translation industry that business and consumer users that do not feel comfortable sharing content and information on other social
networks like Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter, as it may either jeopardize their personal and professional reputations or be completely
lost in the white-noise of billions of other posts. 

Additionally, we are planning to develop specialized
features for this translation industry that will incorporate E-Commerce directly into a user s social networking account. This integration
of E-Commerce directly into social networking is expected to set our Platform apart from our current competitors. 

5 

Competitive Disadvantages 

Our competitive disadvantage is that we do not have the same operational
and financial resources as our competitors, which results in having fewer resources to market our online Translation Platform, advertise
our digital services, acquire new users on our Platform, and sell our advertising and digital services to business customers, as compared
to our competitors. 

Employees 

Apart from our President, Michal Wisniewski, there
are no employees at TRANSUITE.ORG Inc. Mr. Wisniewski is entitled to manage all the processes related to the operations of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Description of Property 

Our executive and administrative office is located at Al. Jerozolimskie
85 lok. 21,02-001 Warsaw, Poland. The space is adequate for our needs. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 We know of no legal proceedings to which
we are a party or to which any of our property is the subject which are pending, threatened or contemplated or any unsatisfied judgments
against us. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

MARKET INFORMATION 

There is no
established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained.
A shareholder in all likelihood, therefore, will not be able to resell his/her securities should he or she desire to do so when eligible
for public resales. Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution will accept our securities as pledged collateral for loans
unless a regular trading market develops. 

Prior to this
Offering, no public market has existed for our common stock. In 2023, we plan to have the shares quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets
operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. There is no assurance that the shares will ever be quoted on the OTCQB. To be quoted on the OTCQB,
a market maker must apply to make a market in our common stock. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not made any arrangement with
any market makers to quote our shares. 

6 

The securities
traded on the OTC Markets are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, these securities
transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. Over-the-counter stocks are traditionally
smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

Even if our
common stock is ultimately quoted on the OTCQB, a purchaser of our common stock may not be able to resell their shares. Broker-dealers
may be discouraged from effecting transactions in our common stock because they will be considered penny stocks and will be subject to
the penny stock rules: Rules 15g-1 through 15g-9 

 promulgated
under the Exchange Act which imposes sales practice and disclosure requirements on FINRA broker-dealers who make a market in a penny
stock. A penny stock generally includes any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. 

Under the penny
stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally,
an individual with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse)
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction
prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transactions is otherwise exempt. 

In addition,
the penny stock regulations require the broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule
prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. 

A broker-dealer
is also required to disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the
securities. Finally, a broker-dealer is required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny
stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks. 

The additional
sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon broker-dealers may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our
common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of the common stock and impede the sale of our common stock in the secondary
market, assuming one develops. 

HOLDERS 

As of November 30, 2022, the Company had 4,046,760 shares of our common
stock issued and outstanding held by a total of 35 shareholders of record. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We have not declared or paid dividends on our common
stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or payment of dividends, if
any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual restrictions
on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 

We have no equity compensation or stock option plans. 

7 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

The following
information pertains to the issuance and sale of securities without registration since inception: 

On December
24, 2018, TRANSUITE.ORG INC. sold 3,000,000 shares of common stock to its sole officer and director, Michal Wisniewski, at a price of
 0.001 per share, for total proceeds of 3,000. The sale was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2)
of the Securities Act, as the securities were sold in a non-public offering to a sophisticated investor who had access to
registration-type information about the Company. No commission was paid, and no general solicitations were made. 

During the year
ended November 30, 2021, the Company issued 88,800 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of 2,224 at 0.025 per share. 

During the year
ended November 20, 2022, the Company issued 957,960 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of 23,948 at 0.025 per share. 

As of November
30, 2022 and 2021, there were 4,046,760 and 3,088,800 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

OTHER STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies . 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations
for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021: 

Revenue 

For the years ended November
30, 2022, and 2021, we generated total revenue of 10,909 and 3,800 respectively. 

Operating expenses 

Total operating expenses for the years ended November
30, 2022 and 2021 were 36,501 and 18,290. The operating expenses for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 included Audit Fees
of 16,500 and 15,000; Bank Service Charges of 813 and 401; Professional Fees of 13,981 and 199; Legal of 0 and 2,000; Business
licenses and permits of 650 and 650; Depreciation Expense of 1,042 and 0; Advertising and promotion expense of 3,150 and 0. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss for the years ended November 30, 2022,
and 2021, was 30,588 and 18,771, respectively. 

8 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources and Cash Requirements 

As of November 30, 2022, and 2021, the Company had
cash of 37 and 5,854. Furthermore, the Company had a working capital deficit of 65,632 as of November 30, 2022 and 20,530 as of November
30, 2021. 

 During the year ended November 30, 2022, the Company
used 17,960 of cash in operating activities due to its net loss 30,588. During the year ended November 30, 2021, the Company used 17,482
of cash in operating activities due to its net loss 18,771. 

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including
arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

9 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 11,12 
 
 Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 13 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 14 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 15 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 16 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 17 

10 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Transuite.org, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Transuite.org, Inc. as of November 30, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash
flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Transuite.org, Inc. as of November 30, 2022,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered
recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to Transuite.org Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Transuite.org, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as Transuite.org Inc.'s auditor since
2022. 

February 27, 2023 

 PCAOB ID: 

11 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Transuite.org Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Transuite.org Inc. (the Company) as of November 30, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity
(deficit) and cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November
30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended November 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial states
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical
audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 As discussed in note 3, the Company recorded
revenue for the first time during the year. 

 Auditing management s evaluation
of recognizing revenue can be a significant judgement given the company has no history with the customers or generating revenue. 

 To evaluate the appropriateness and accuracy
of the classification by management, we evaluated management s assessment in relationship to the relevant support. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2021. Houston, Texas 

 March 4, 2022 

12 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

Balance Sheets 

 November 30, 2022 and 2021 

As of November 30, 2022 
 
 As of November 30, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Other Assets 

Intangible Assets, net 

- 
 
 Total Other Assets 

- 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

- 
 
 Loan payable related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding 
 at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
financial statements 

13 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

Statements of Operations 

 For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended November 30, 2022 
 
 Year ended November 30, 2021 

REVENUES 

Cost of sales 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

OTHER EXPENSE 

Interest expense 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 NET LOSS BEFORE TAXES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Provision for taxes 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 NET LOSS 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

NET INCOME PER SHARE 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARS 
 OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
financial statements 

14 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity
(Deficit) 

 For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Stockholder`s Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance at November 30, 2020 

) 

) 

Imputed interest 

1,366 

1,366 
 
 Sales of common stock at 0.025 per share 

Net loss 
 - 

- 

- 

) 

) 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2021 

) 

) 
 
 Sales of common stock at 0.025 per share 

Imputed interest 

2,996 

2,996 
 
 Net loss 

) 

) 
 
 Balance at November 30, 2022 

) 

) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
financial statements 

15 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended Novem 
 ber 30, 2022 
 
 Year ended November 30, 2021 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Income 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 

Accumulated Amortization 

- 
 
 Imputed interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

) 
 
 NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of intangible assets 
 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 ) 
 
 - 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from share issuance 

Proceeds from borrowings related party 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 
 ) 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash payments for: 

Interest paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
financial statements 

16 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

Notes to the Financial Statements 

and a working capital deficit of at November 30, 2022, had a net loss of ,
and used net cash of in operating activities for year ended November 30, 2022. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
our generating profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities
arising from normal business operations when they come due. Our management intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months
with existing cash on hand and public issuance of common stock. While we believe that we will be successful in obtaining the necessary
financing and generating revenue to fund our operations, meet regulatory requirements and achieve commercial goals, there are no assurances
that such additional funding will be achieved and that we will succeed in our future operations. 

. The translation services were provided by a translator
hired for the Company. 

 ,
which is being amortized over a 5 year life, and recognized 1,042 worth of amortization expense. The Company expects to recognize amortization
expense of 8,500 annually for the next four fiscal years and 7,464 of amortization expense in the fiscal year ending November 30, 2027. 

and
 , respectively. 

 The Company reviews new accounting
standards as issued. Management has not identified any new standards that it believes will have a significant impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

to the Company. This loan is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital
purpose. The note is non-interest bearing and has maturity date June 15, 2025. Imputed interest expense of 2,996 and 1,366 for the years
ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was recorded as additional paid in capital. 

) 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The ultimate realization of deferred
income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and
tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined that enough uncertainty
exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full valuation allowance
as of November 30, 2022. All tax years since inception remain open for examination by taxing authorities. 

The related deferred tax benefit
on the above unutilized tax losses has a full valuation allowance not recognized against it as there is no certainty of its realization.
Management has evaluated tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 and has not identified any significant tax positions, other than those
disclosed. 

) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Actual tax expense (benefit) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

20 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

We have had no changes in or disagreements with our independent registered
public accountant. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

The Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the
reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its
principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An assessment was conducted with the participation
of our principal executive and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of November 30, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

21 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, using the criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO - 2013 ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, the Company determined that there were control
deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. 
 We lack an adequate internal control structure Due to the size of the Company we do not have the appropriate control activities,
risk assessment procedures, controls over information and communication, or effective monitoring controls. 

2. We do not have appropriate segregation of duties or adequate accounting resources The Company has only one employee therefore
no reviews are in place to ensure adequate financial reporting. Additionally, we lack accounting personnel with sufficient accounting
knowledge, experience, and understanding of US GAAP or SEC rules. Further, while not being legally obligated to have an audit committee,
it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control
over the Company s financial statements. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does
not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls As at November 30, 2022, the
Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup
of the Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. Further,
there are no IT controls in place to prevent changes to, or misstatement in, financial reporting. 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control
deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described above,
management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022
based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

22 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

 There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the year ended November 30, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons of the Company 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS 

The following information sets forth the names of
our officers and directors, their present positions, and some brief information about their background. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Michal Wisniewski 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer/Director 
 
 June 15, 2018 

Background of Officers and Directors 

Michal Wisniewski has served as our Chief Executive
Officer/Chief Financial Officer/Director since the inception on June 15, 2018. In addition to his responsibilities as our Chief Executive
Officer, Michal Wisniewski is engaged in development, data architecture and cloud security of our translation platform. Michal Wisniewski
graduated from University of Warsaw in 1998 where he obtained a Master s degree in Economic Sciences. Starting February 1999 and
until March 2005, Mr. Wisniewski worked at translation bureau nowe tlumaczenie . This experience helped our President
realize the people s need in various types of translation. Being engaged at nowe tlumaczenie , he was responsible
for promotion and searching for new clients. In June 2006 Michal Wisniewski was invited to work as a sales manager at Polovita
Enterprize , a firm occupied in creating databases for different entities. 

The President left the firm in August 2010 in order
to join Orauc in September 2010. There he held a position of IT sales manager. Mr. Wisniewski s main responsibilities were searching
for third parties to offer the entity s services and to engage with for long-term cooperation. In March 2016, he was promoted to
the head of the department. The President left the position in April 2018 in order to dedicate all his time to TRANSUITE.ORG INC. and
has served as our CEO/CFO/Director since. We consider his experience considerable for the purposes of our Company. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors and/or our officers. 

INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

No director, executive officer, significant employee or control person
of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

23 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets forth information regarding
each element of compensation that we pay or award to our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Michal 
 Wisniewski, 
 President, Treasurer and Secretary 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

The Company is not a party to any employment agreement and has no compensation
agreement with any officer or director. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

We have not compensated our Directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of the day of this prospectus by: (i) each person (including
any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer.
Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Title of Class 

Name and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner 

Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Percentage of beneficial ownership if all offered shares are sold 
 
 Common Stock 

Michal Wisniewski 
 Al. Jerozolimskie 85 lok. 21, 02-001 Warsaw, Poland 
 
 3,000,000 shares of common stock 
 
 100 
 
 40.5 

A beneficial owner of a security includes any person
who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power,
which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or
direct 

 the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed
to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares).
In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon
exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. 

24 

In computing the percentage ownership of any person,
the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by
reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily
reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding
on the date of this prospectus. As of the date of this prospectus, there were 3,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Michal Wisniewski will
not be paid for any services that he performs on our behalf with respect to this offering. 

 On
December 24, 2018, we issued a total of 3,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Michal Wisniewski, 

 our sole officer and director, in consideration of
 3,000. 

Mr. Wisniewski will
not be repaid from the proceeds of this offering. There is no due date for the repayment of the 57,079 advanced by Mr.
Wisniewski will be repaid from revenues of operations if and when we generate revenues to pay the obligation. There is no assurance
that we will ever generate revenues from our operations. The obligation to Mr. Wisniewski does not bear interest, this
loan is due on demand according to the loan agreement entered into with Mr. Wisniewski. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following
table sets forth the fees billed to our company for the years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Accounting Fees and Expenses 
 
 16,500 
 
 15,000 
 
 Legal Fees and Expenses 
 
 - 
 
 2,000 

Total Estimated Expenses 
 
 16,500 
 
 17,000 

25 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

Date February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 s/ Michal Wisniewski 

Michal Wisniewski, Chief Executive Officer/Director 

(Principle Executive Officer) 

s/ Michal Wisniewski 

Michal Wisniewski, Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer/Director (Principle Financial Officer) 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michal Wisniewski, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual report on Form 10-K of TRANSUITE.ORG INC. 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in the report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Michal Wisniewski 
 Michal Wisniewski 
 
 Chief Executive Officer/Director 
 
 Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer/Director (Principle Financial
Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual report on Form
10-K of TRANSUITE.ORG INC. (the Company for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), 

 I, Michal Wisniewski, Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Michal Wisniewski 
 
 Michal Wisniewski 

Chief Executive Officer/Director 
 
 Chief Financial Officer/Chief Accounting Officer/Director (Principle Financial
Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 none-20221130.xsd

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 none-20221130_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 none-20221130_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 none-20221130_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

