<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1495584_0001398344-23-006860.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18231340</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>309496</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1673389</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8027165</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2857421</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4822266</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001398344-23-006860.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172702
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001398344-23-006860
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001495584
		IRS NUMBER:				273008946
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00830
		FILM NUMBER:		23789336

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALMADEN BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1250
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-886-7096

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 ALMADEN BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1250
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001398344-23-006860.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 fp0081632-2_10k.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. [ ]Yes [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] [ ] No

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] [ ] No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). (check one):

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 
 [X] 
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller
reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). [ ]Yes [X] 

The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million (computed using the closing price of 0.95 per share of Common Stock on December 31, 2022, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Market).

As of March 1, 2023, Firsthand Technology Value Fund had shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement prepared in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2023 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 	Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 	Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 1B. 	Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 

Item 2. 	Properties 
 23 

Item 3. 	Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 4. 	Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 

Item 5. 	Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 

Item 6. 	Selected Financial Data 
 24 

Item 7. 	Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item 7A. 	Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 

Item 8. 	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 

Item 9. 	Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 
 97 

Item 9A. 	Controls and Procedures 
 97 

Item 9B. 	Other Information 
 98 

Part III 

Item 10. 	Directors, Executives Officers And Corporate Governance 
 98 

Item 11. 	Executive Compensation 
 98 

Item 12. 	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 

Item 13. 	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 99 

Item 14. 	Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 99 

Part IV 

Item 15. 	Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 99 

1 

PART I

Item 1. Business 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report, and other statements that we may make, may contain forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, plans, will, may, continues, seeks, likely, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including forward-looking statements as to:

our future operating results,

our business prospects and the prospects of our prospective portfolio companies,

the impact of investments that we expect to make,

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties,

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest,

the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives,

our expected financings and investments,

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital, and

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our prospective portfolio companies.

Our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, several factors that could materially affect our actual results are the ability of the portfolio companies in which we invest to achieve their objectives; our ability to source favorable private investments; changes in the securities markets, especially the markets for technology companies including those that may be early stage or micro-cap companies; the dependence of our future success of the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest and other factors discussed in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

Unpredictable or unknown factors could also have material adverse effects on us. Since our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements, we cannot give any assurance that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will occur, or, if any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations and financial condition. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or clarify these forward-looking statements or the risk factors contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under the federal securities laws. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC.

GENERAL

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. we, us, our, the Company , the Fund, or SVVC is an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company organized as a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). As such, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70 percent of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities of private or micro-cap public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments 

2 

that mature in one year or less. In addition, for tax purposes since the inception of the Fund, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code. Starting in 2018, however, we are no longer a RIC and will be taxed as a C corporation for tax purposes. Firsthand Capital Management, Inc. (the Investment Adviser , the Adviser , or FCM serves as our investment adviser and manages the investment process on a daily basis.

We were incorporated under the Maryland General Corporation Law in April 2010 and acquired our initial portfolio of securities through the reorganization (the Reorganization into us of Firsthand Technology Value Fund TVF ), an open-end mutual fund and a series of Firsthand Funds, which is a Delaware statutory trust. The reorganization was completed on April 15, 2011 and we commenced operations on April 18, 2011.

Our investment objective is to seek long-term growth of capital, principally by seeking capital gains on our equity and equity-related investments. There can be no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective. Under normal circumstances, we invest at least 80 percent of our total assets for investment purposes in technology companies. We consider technology companies to be those companies that derive at least 50 percent of their revenues from products and/or services within the information technology sector and in the cleantech sector. Information technology companies include, but are not limited to, those focused on computer hardware, software, telecommunications, networking, Internet, and consumer electronics. While there is no standard definition of cleantech, it is generally regarded as including goods and services designed to harness renewable energy and materials, eliminate emissions and waste, and reduce the use of natural resources. In addition, under normal circumstances we invest at least 70 percent of our assets in privately held companies and public companies with market capitalizations less than 250 million. Our portfolio is primarily composed of equity and equity derivative securities of technology and cleantech companies (as defined above). These investments generally range between 1 million and 10 million each, although the investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. We acquire our investments through direct investments in private companies, negotiations with selling shareholders, and in organized secondary marketplaces for private securities.

While our primary focus is to invest in illiquid private technology and cleantech companies, we may also invest in micro-cap publicly traded companies. In addition, we may invest up to 30 of the portfolio in opportunistic investments that do not constitute the private companies and micro-cap public companies described above. These other investments may include investments in securities of public companies that are actively traded. These other investments may also include investments in high-yield bonds, distressed debt, or securities of public companies that are actively traded; and securities of companies located outside of the United States. Our investment activities are managed by FCM.

Neither our investments nor an investment in us are intended to constitute a balanced investment program. We expect to be risk-seeking rather than risk-averse in our investment approach. There is no assurance that our investment objective will be achieved.

We invest a substantial portion of our assets in securities that we consider to be private venture capital equity investments. These private venture capital equity investments usually do not pay interest or dividends and usually are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on resale that may adversely affect the liquidity and marketability of such securities. We expect to make speculative venture capital investments with limited marketability and a greater risk of investment loss than less-speculative investments. We are not limited by the diversification requirements applicable to a regulated investment company RIC ), which means that we may commit all of our assets to only a few investments.

Subject to continuing to meet the compliance tests applicable to BDCs, there are no limitations on the types of securities or other assets in which we may invest. Investments may include the following:

Venture capital investments, whether in corporate, partnership, or other form, including development-stage or start-up entities;

Equity, equity-related securities (including options and warrants), and debt with equity features from either private or public issuers;

Debt obligations of all types having varying terms with respect to security or credit support, subordination, purchase price, interest payments, and maturity;

3 

Foreign securities;

Intellectual property or patents or research and development in technology or product development that may lead to patents or other marketable technology; and

Miscellaneous investments.

The table below provides a summary of our investments as of December 31, 2022.

INVESTMENT 
 BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 
 
 FAIR VALUE 1 

EQX Capital, Inc. 
 Equipment Leasing 

877,125 

Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I 2 
 Investment Company 

672,422 

Hera Systems, Inc. 
 Aerospace 

7,897,749 

IntraOp Medical Corp. 
 Medical Devices 

17,116,721 

Kyma, Inc. 
 Advanced Materials 

100,000 

Lyncean Technologies, Inc. 
 Semiconductor Equipment 

0 

Revasum, Inc. 2 
 Semiconductor Equipment 

3,520,495 

Silicon Genesis Corp. 
 Intellectual Property 

737,224 

UCT Coatings, Inc. 
 Advanced Materials 

337,500 

Wrightspeed, Inc. 
 Automotive 

8,862,686 

1 

Fair value for our private company holdings was determined in good faith by our Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors on December 31, 2022. For public companies, the figure represents the market value of our securities on December 31, 2022, less any discount due to resale restriction on the security.

2 

Public company.

INVESTMENTS AND STRATEGIES

The following is a summary description of the types of assets in which we may invest, the investment strategies we may use, and the attendant risks associated with our investments and strategies.

VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTMENTS
 
 We define venture capital as the money and resources made available to privately held start-up firms and privately held and publicly traded small businesses with exceptional growth potential. These businesses can range in stage from pre-revenue to generating positive cash flow. Most of our long-term venture capital investments are in thinly capitalized, unproven, small companies focused on commercializing risky technologies. These businesses also tend to lack management depth, have limited or no history of operations, and have not attained profitability. Because of the speculative nature of these investments, these securities have a significantly greater risk of loss than traditional investment securities. Some of our venture capital investments will never realize their potential, and some will be unprofitable or result in the complete loss of our investment.

We acquire our investments through direct investments in private companies, negotiations with selling shareholders, and in organized secondary marketplaces for private securities. Our current focus is on investing in late-stage private companies, particularly those with potential for near-term realizations by way of initial public offering IPO or acquisition.

In connection with our venture capital investments, we may participate in providing a variety of services to our portfolio companies, including the following:

Recruiting management,

Formulating operating strategies,

Formulating intellectual property strategies,

Assisting in financial planning,

4 

Providing management in the initial start-up stages, and

Establishing corporate goals.

We may assist in raising additional capital for these companies from other potential investors and may subordinate our own investment to that of other investors. We typically find it necessary or appropriate to provide additional capital of our own. We may introduce these companies to potential joint venture partners, suppliers, and customers. In addition, we may assist in establishing relationships with investment bankers and other professionals. We may also assist with mergers and acquisitions M As ). We do not currently derive income from these companies for the performance of any of the above services.

We may control, be represented on, or have observer rights on the board of directors of a portfolio company through one or more of our officers or directors, who may also serve as officers of the portfolio company. We indemnify our officers and directors for serving on the board of directors or as officers of portfolio companies, which exposes us to additional risks. Particularly during the early stages of an investment, we may, in rare instances, in effect be conducting the operations of the portfolio company. Our goal is to assist each company in establishing its own independent capitalization, management, and board of directors. As a venture capital-backed company emerges from the developmental stage with greater management depth and experience, we expect that our role in the portfolio company s operations will diminish.

EQUITY, EQUITY-RELATED SECURITIES AND DEBT WITH EQUITY FEATURES
 
 We may invest in equity, equity-related securities, and debt with equity features. These securities include common stock, preferred stock, debt instruments convertible into common or preferred stock, limited partnership interests, other beneficial ownership interests and warrants, options, or other rights to acquire any of the foregoing.

We may make investments in companies with operating histories that are unprofitable or marginally profitable, that have negative net worth, or that are involved in bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings. These investments would involve businesses that management believes have potential through the infusion of additional capital and management assistance. In addition, we may make investments in connection with the acquisition or divestiture of companies or divisions of companies. There is a significantly greater risk of loss with these types of securities than is the case with traditional investment securities.

Warrants, options, and convertible or exchangeable securities generally give the investor the right to acquire specified equity securities of an issuer at a specified price during a specified period or on a specified date. Warrants and options fluctuate in value in relation to the value of the underlying security and the remaining life of the warrant or option, while convertible or exchangeable securities fluctuate in value both in relation to the intrinsic value of the security without the conversion or exchange feature and in relation to the value of the conversion or exchange feature, which is like a warrant or an option. When we invest in these securities, we incur the risk that the option feature will expire worthless, thereby either eliminating or diminishing the value of our investment.

Most of our current portfolio company investments are in the equity securities of private companies. Investments in equity securities of private companies often involve securities that are restricted as to sale and cannot be sold in the open market without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or pursuant to a specific exemption from these registrations. Opportunities for sale are more limited than in the case of marketable securities, although these investments may be purchased at more advantageous prices and may offer attractive investment opportunities. Even if one of our portfolio companies completes an IPO, we are typically subject to a lock-up agreement for 180 days, and the stock price may decline substantially before we are free to sell.

We may also invest in publicly traded securities of whatever nature, including relatively small, emerging growth companies that management believes have long-term growth potential. These investments may be through open-market transactions or through private investments in public equity PIPE transactions ). Securities purchased in PIPE transactions are typically subject to a lock-up agreement for 180 days, or are issued as unregistered securities that are not freely available for six months.

5 

Even if we have registration rights to make our investments in privately held and publicly traded companies more marketable, a considerable amount of time may elapse between a decision to sell or register the securities for sale and the time when we are able to sell the securities. The prices obtainable upon sale may be adversely affected by market conditions or negative conditions affecting the issuer during the intervening time. We may elect to hold formerly restricted securities after they have become freely marketable, either because they remain relatively illiquid or because we believe that they may appreciate in value, during which holding period they may decline in value and be especially volatile as unseasoned securities. If we need funds for investment or working capital purposes, we might need to sell marketable securities at disadvantageous times or prices.

DEBT OBLIGATIONS
 
 We may hold debt securities, including in privately held and thinly traded public companies, for income and as a reserve pending more speculative investments. Debt obligations may include U.S. government and agency securities, commercial paper, bankers acceptances, receivables or other asset-based financing, notes, bonds, debentures, or other debt obligations of any nature and repurchase agreements related to these securities. These obligations may have varying terms with respect to security or credit support; subordination; purchase price; interest payments; and maturity from private, public, or governmental issuers of any type located anywhere in the world. We may invest in debt obligations of companies with operating histories that are unprofitable or marginally profitable, that have negative net worth or are involved in bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings, or that are start-up or development-stage entities. In addition, we may participate in the acquisition or divestiture of companies or divisions of companies through issuance or receipt of debt obligations. As of December 31, 2022, the debt obligations held in our portfolio consisted of convertible bridge notes and term notes. The convertible bridge notes generally do not generate cash payments to us, nor are they held for that purpose. Our convertible bridge notes and the interest accrued thereon are held for the purpose of potential conversion into equity at a future date. The term notes we hold are income generating.

Our investments in debt obligations may be of varying quality, including non-rated, unsecured, highly speculative debt investments with limited marketability. Investments in lower-rated and non-rated securities, commonly referred to as junk bonds, including our venture debt investments, are subject to special risks, including a greater risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest. Generally, lower-rated securities offer a higher return potential than higher-rated securities, but involve greater volatility of price and greater risk of loss of income and principal, including the possibility of default or bankruptcy of the issuers of these securities. Lower-rated securities and comparable non-rated securities will likely have large uncertainties or major risk exposure to adverse conditions and are predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal in accordance with the terms of the obligation. The occurrence of adverse conditions and uncertainties to issuers of lower-rated securities would likely reduce the value of lower-rated securities held by us, with a commensurate effect on the value of our shares.

The markets in which lower-rated securities or comparable non-rated securities are traded generally are more limited than those in which higher-rated securities are traded. The existence of limited markets for these securities may restrict our ability to obtain accurate market quotations for the purposes of valuing lower-rated or non-rated securities and calculating net asset value or to sell securities at their fair value. Any economic downturn could adversely affect the ability of issuers lower-rated securities to repay principal and pay interest thereon. The market values of lower-rated and non-rated securities also tend to be more sensitive to individual corporate developments and changes in economic conditions than higher-rated securities. In addition, lower-rated securities and comparable non- rated securities generally present a higher degree of credit risk. Issuers of lower-rated securities and comparable non-rated securities are often highly leveraged and may not have more traditional methods of financing available to them, so that their ability to service their debt obligations during an economic downturn or during sustained periods of rising interest rates may be impaired. The risk of loss owing to default by these issuers is significantly greater because lower-rated securities and comparable non-rated securities generally are unsecured and frequently are subordinated to the prior payment of senior indebtedness. We may incur additional expenses to the extent that we are required to seek recovery upon a default in the payment of principal or interest on our portfolio holdings.

6 

The market value of investments in debt securities that carry no equity participation usually reflects yields generally available on securities of similar quality and type at the time purchased. When interest rates decline, the market value of a debt portfolio already invested at higher yields can be expected to rise if the securities are protected against early call. Similarly, when interest rates increase, the market value of a debt portfolio already invested at lower yields can be expected to decline. Deterioration in credit quality also generally causes a decline in market value of the security, while an improvement in credit quality generally leads to increased value.

FOREIGN SECURITIES
 
 We may make investments in securities of issuers whose principal operations are conducted outside the United States, and whose earnings and securities are stated in foreign currency. In order to maintain our status as a BDC, our investments in non-qualifying assets, including the securities of companies organized outside the U.S., would be limited to 30 percent of our assets.

Compared to otherwise comparable investments in securities of U.S. issuers, currency exchange risk of securities of foreign issuers is a significant variable. The value of these investments to us will vary with the relation of the currency in which they are denominated to the U.S. dollar, as well as with intrinsic elements of value such as credit risk, interest rates, and performance of the issuer. Investments in foreign securities also involve risks relating to economic and political developments, including nationalization, expropriation of assets, currency exchange freezes, and local recession. Securities of many foreign issuers are less liquid and more volatile than those of comparable U.S. issuers. Interest and dividend income and capital gains on our foreign securities may be subject to withholding and other taxes that may not be recoverable by us. We may seek to hedge all or part of the currency risk of our investments in foreign securities through the use of futures, options, and forward currency purchases or sales.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 
 We believe there is a role for organizations that can assist in technology transfer. Scientists and institutions that develop and patent intellectual property perceive the need for and rewards of entrepreneurial commercialization of their inventions. Our form of investment may be:

Funding research and development in the development of a technology,

Obtaining licensing rights to intellectual property or patents,

Acquiring intellectual property or patents, or

Forming and funding companies or joint ventures to commercialize further intellectual property.

Income from our investments in intellectual property or its development may take the form of participation in licensing or royalty income, fee income, or some other form of remuneration. Investment in developmental intellectual property rights involves a high degree of risk that can result in the loss of our entire investment as well as additional risks, including uncertainties as to the valuation of an investment and potential difficulty in liquidating an investment. Further, investments in intellectual property generally require investor patience, as investment return may be realized only after or over a long period. At some point during the commercialization of a technology, our investment may be transformed into ownership of securities of a development-stage or start-up company, as discussed under Venture Capital Investments above.

REPURCHASE OF SHARES

Our shareholders do not have the right to compel us to redeem our shares. We may, however, purchase outstanding shares of our common stock from time to time, subject to approval of our Board of Directors and in compliance with applicable corporate and securities laws. The Board of Directors may authorize public open-market purchases or privately negotiated transactions from time to time when deemed to be in the best interest of our shareholders. Public purchases would be conducted only after notification to shareholders through a press release or other means. The Board of Directors may or may not decide to undertake any purchases of our common stock.

7 

Our repurchases of our common shares would decrease our total assets and would therefore likely have the effect of increasing our expense ratio. Subject to our investment restrictions, we may borrow money to finance the repurchase of our common stock in the open market pursuant to any tender offer. Interest on any borrowings to finance share repurchase transactions would reduce our net assets. If, because of market fluctuations or other reasons, the value of our assets falls below the required 1940 Act coverage requirements, we may have to reduce our borrowed debt to the extent necessary to comply with the requirement. To achieve a reduction, it is possible that we may be required to sell portfolio securities at inopportune times when it may be disadvantageous to do so.

PORTFOLIO COMPANY TURNOVER

Changes with respect to portfolio companies will be made as our management considers necessary in seeking to achieve our investment objective. The rate of portfolio turnover will not be treated as a limiting or relevant factor when circumstances exist that are considered by management to make portfolio changes advisable.

Although we expect that many of our investments will be relatively long term in nature, we may make changes in particular portfolio holdings whenever it is considered that an investment no longer has substantial growth potential or has reached its anticipated level of performance, or (especially when cash is not otherwise available) that another investment appears to have a relatively greater opportunity for capital appreciation. We may also make general portfolio changes to increase our cash to position us in a defensive posture. We may make portfolio changes without regard to the length of time we have held an investment, or whether a sale results in profit or loss, or whether a purchase results in the reacquisition of an investment that we may have only recently sold. Our investments in privately held companies are illiquid, which limits portfolio turnover. The portfolio turnover rate may vary greatly during a year as well as from year to year and may also be affected by cash requirements.

COMPETITION

We compete for investments with a number of BDCs and other investment funds (including private equity funds and venture capital funds), reverse merger and special purpose acquisition company SPACs sponsors, investment bankers that underwrite initial public offerings, hedge funds that invest in PIPEs, traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks, and other sources of financing. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act will impose on us as a BDC. We believe we compete with these entities primarily on the basis of our willingness to make smaller, non-controlling investments, the experience and contacts of our investment professionals within our targeted industries, our responsive and efficient investment analysis and decision-making processes, and the investment terms that we offer. We do not seek to compete primarily on the deal terms we offer to potential portfolio companies. We use the industry information available to FCM to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we believe that the relationships of Kevin Landis (FCM s President and Chief Investment Officer), and the other senior investment professionals FCM retains, enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks relating to our business and structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 

REGULATION

The Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 added the provisions of the 1940 Act applicable only to BDCs. BDCs are a special type of investment company. After a company files its election to be treated as a BDC, it may not withdraw its election without first obtaining the approval of holders of a majority of its outstanding voting securities. The following is a brief description of the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs, qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 1940 Act and the rules issued thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ).

Generally, to be eligible to elect BDC status, a company must primarily engage in the business of furnishing capital and making significant managerial assistance available to companies that do not have ready access to capital through conventional financial channels. Such companies that satisfy certain additional criteria described below are termed eligible portfolio companies. In general, in order to qualify as a BDC, a company must: (i) be a domestic company; 

8 

(ii) have registered a class of its securities pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (iii) operate for the purpose of investing in the securities of certain types of portfolio companies, including early-stage or emerging companies and businesses suffering or just recovering from financial distress (see following paragraph); (iv) make available significant managerial assistance to such portfolio companies; and (v) file a proper notice of election with the SEC.

An eligible portfolio company generally is a domestic company that is not an investment company or a company excluded from investment company status pursuant to exclusions for certain types of financial companies (such as brokerage firms, banks, insurance companies, and investment banking firms) and that: (i) has a fully diluted market capitalization of less than 250 million and has a class of equity securities listed on a national securities exchange, (ii) does not have a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, or (iii) is controlled by the BDC by itself or together with others (control under the 1940 Act is presumed to exist where a person owns at least 25 percent of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company) and the BDC has a representative on the Board of Directors of such company.

We may be examined periodically by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act.

As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested persons , as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our shareholders arising from willful malfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office.

The 1940 Act provides that we may not make an investment in non-qualifying assets unless at the time at least 70 percent of the value of our total assets (measured as of the date of our most recently filed financial statements) consists of qualifying assets. Qualifying assets include: (i) securities of eligible portfolio companies; (ii) securities of certain companies that were eligible portfolio companies at the time we initially acquired their securities and in which we retain a substantial interest; (iii) securities of certain controlled companies; (iv) securities of certain bankrupt, insolvent, or distressed companies; (v) securities received in exchange for or distributed in or with respect to any of the foregoing; and (vi) cash items, U.S. government securities, and high quality short-term debt. The SEC has adopted a rule permitting a BDC to invest its cash in certain money market funds. The 1940 Act also places restrictions on the nature of the transactions in which, and the persons from whom, securities can be purchased in some instances in order for the securities to be considered qualifying assets.

We are permitted by the 1940 Act, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt and a single class of preferred stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 200 percent after the issuance of the debt or the preferred stock (i.e., such senior securities may not be in excess of our net assets). Under specific conditions, we are also permitted by the 1940 Act to issue warrants.

Except under certain conditions, we may sell our securities at a price that is below the prevailing net asset value per share only during the 12-month period after (i) a majority of our directors and our disinterested directors have determined that such sale would be in the best interest of us and our stockholders, and (ii) the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and the holders of a majority of our voting securities held by persons who are not affiliated persons of ours approve our ability to make such issuances. A majority of the disinterested directors must determine in good faith that the price of the securities being sold is not less than a price that closely approximates the market value of the securities, less any distribution discount or commission.

Certain transactions involving certain closely related persons of the Company, including its directors, officers, and employees, may require the prior approval of the SEC. However, the 1940 Act ordinarily does not restrict transactions between us and our portfolio companies.

9 

TAX STATUS

We are subject to corporate income tax under state and federal law, including under Subchapter C of the Code. This is the same tax status as applies to ordinary operating corporations with publicly traded stock.

INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY

SVVC invests primarily in equity securities of private technology companies in the United States. We believe that the growth potential exhibited by private technology companies, including cleantech companies, creates an attractive investment environment for SVVC.

The last 20 years has been marked by dramatic changes in the initial public offering IPO market. Since the dot-com bubble burst in 2000, emerging technology companies have often chosen to stay private longer. The combination of volatile equity markets, increased regulatory requirements (such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), and a lack of investment research coverage has made it less attractive for companies to access the public markets through an IPO. We believe the result is an environment with more opportunities to invest in relatively mature private companies, either directly via primary investments or by purchasing shares in the growing secondary market.

At the same time we believe there are a number of powerful trends creating opportunities for innovative companies and investors alike. The dramatic growth of social networking, cloud computing, and powerful, connected mobile computing devices has enabled new ways of communicating, doing business, and accessing information anytime, anywhere. The Company was established to benefit from convergence of exciting technologies and the growth of private investment opportunities.

COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES

We believe that we have the following competitive advantages over other capital providers in technology and cleantech companies:

MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE
 
 Kevin Landis, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has principal management responsibility for Firsthand Capital Management, Inc. as its owner, President and Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Landis has more than 25 years of experience in technology sector investing, and he intends to dedicate a substantial portion of his time to managing the Company. Mr. Landis controls FCM and is a trustee of Firsthand Funds and a director of the Company.

DISCIPLINED INVESTMENT APPROACH
 
 The Investment Adviser employs a disciplined approach in selecting investments. The Investment Adviser s investment philosophy focuses on ensuring that our investments have an appropriate return profile relative to risk. When market conditions make it difficult for us to invest according to our criteria, the Investment Adviser intends to be highly selective in deploying our capital. We believe this approach enables us to build an attractive investment portfolio that meets our return and value criteria over the long term.

We believe it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence on investment targets. In evaluating new investments we, through the Investment Adviser, conduct a rigorous due diligence process that draws from the Investment Adviser s investment experience, industry expertise, and network of contacts.

FOCUSING ON INVESTMENTS THAT CAN GENERATE POSITIVE RISK-ADJUSTED RETURNS
 
 The Investment Adviser seeks to maximize the potential for capital appreciation. In making investment decisions the Investment Adviser seeks to pursue and invest in companies that meet several of the following criteria:

outstanding technology,

barriers to entry (i.e., patents and other intellectual property rights),

experienced management team,

10 

established financial sponsors that have a history of creating value with portfolio companies,

strong and competitive industry position, and

viable exit strategy.

Assuming a potential investment meets most or all of our investment criteria, the Investment Adviser intends to be flexible in adopting transaction structures that address the needs of prospective portfolio companies and their owners. Our investment philosophy is focused on internal rates of return over the life of an investment. Given our investment criteria and due diligence process, we structure our investments so they correlate closely with the success of our portfolio companies.

ABILITY TO SOURCE AND EVALUATE TRANSACTIONS THROUGH THE INVESTMENT ADVISER S RESEARCH CAPABILITY AND ESTABLISHED NETWORK
 
 FCM s investment management team has overseen investments in dozens of private companies across various industries while employed by FCM and its affiliates since 1994. We believe the expertise of the Investment Adviser s management team enables FCM to identify, assess, and structure investments successfully across all levels of a company s capital structure and to manage potential risk and return at all stages of the economic cycle.

We seek to identify potential investments both through active origination and through dialogue with numerous management teams, members of the financial community, and corporate partners with whom Mr. Landis has long-standing relationships. We believe that the team s broad network of contacts within the investment, commercial banking, private equity and investment management communities in combination with their strong reputation in investment management, enables us to attract well-positioned prospective portfolio companies.

LONGER INVESTMENT HORIZON WITH ATTRACTIVE PUBLICLY TRADED MODEL
 
 Unlike private equity and venture capital funds, we are not subject to standard periodic capital return requirements. Such requirements typically stipulate that funds raised by a private equity or venture capital fund, together with any capital gains on such invested funds, must be returned to investors after a pre-agreed time period. These provisions often force private equity and venture capital funds to seek returns on their investments through mergers, public equity offerings, or other liquidity events more quickly than they otherwise might, potentially resulting in both a lower overall return to investors and an adverse impact on their portfolio companies. While we are required to distribute substantially all realized gains, we believe that with our dividend reinvestment plan and our flexibility to make investments with a long-term view and without the capital return requirements of traditional private investment vehicles provide us with the opportunity to generate returns on invested capital and at the same time enable us to be a better long-term partner for our portfolio companies.

INVESTMENTS

FCM seeks to create a diversified portfolio of equity securities by making initial investments of approximately 1 million to 10 million of capital, on average, in the securities of micro-cap public and private companies.

Our portfolio consists primarily of equity securities of private companies and cash and we expect that our portfolio will continue to consist primarily of, equity positions in private companies and cash. These investments include holdings in several private technology and cleantech companies. Moreover, we may acquire investments in the secondary market and, in analyzing such investments, we will employ the same analytical process as we use for our primary investments. For description of our current investments, see Portfolio Investments. 

We generally seek to invest in companies from the broad variety of industries in which the Investment Adviser has expertise. The following is a representative list of the industries in which we may elect to invest.

Advanced Materials

Advertising Technology

Automotive

Biofuels

Cloud Computing

11 

Computer Hardware

Computer Peripherals

Computer Software

Electronic Components

Energy Efficiency

Fuel Cells

Medical Devices

Mobile Computing

Semiconductors

Social Networking

Solar Photovoltaics

Solid-state Lighting

Telecommunications

Water Purification

Wearable Technology

Wind-Generated Electricity

We may invest in other industries if we are presented with attractive opportunities.

We may on a limited basis purchase or sell options on indexes or securities. We may engage in these transactions to manage risks or otherwise protect the value of the portfolio, and to use these strategies to a limited extent on an opportunistic basis.

INVESTMENT SELECTION

The Investment Adviser seeks to maximize the potential for capital appreciation.

PROSPECTIVE PORTFOLIO COMPANY CHARACTERISTICS
 
 We have identified several criteria that we believe are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies. These criteria provide general guidelines for our investment decisions; however, we caution you that no single portfolio company (or prospective portfolio company) will meet all of these criteria. Generally, we use our experience and access to market information generated to identify investment candidates and to structure investments quickly and effectively.

Outstanding Technology

Our investment philosophy places a premium on identifying companies that have developed disruptive technologies, that is, technologies with the potential to dramatically alter the economics or performance of a particular type of product or service.

Barriers to Entry

We believe having defensible barriers to entry, in the form of patents or other intellectual property rights, is critically important in technology industries, in which change happens very rapidly. We seek out companies that have secured protection of key technologies through patents, trademarks, or other means.

Experienced management and established financial sponsor relationship

We generally require that our portfolio companies have an experienced management team. We also require the portfolio companies to have in place proper incentives to induce management to succeed and to act in concert with our interests as investors, including having significant equity interests. In addition, we focus our investments in companies backed by strong financial sponsors that have a history of creating value and with whom members of our investment adviser have an established relationship.

12 

Strong and defensible competitive market position in industry

We seek to invest in target companies that have developed leading market positions within their respective markets and are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities. We seek companies that demonstrate significant competitive advantages versus their competitors, which should help to protect their market position and profitability.

Viable exit strategy

We seek to invest in companies that we believe will provide a steady stream of cash flow to reinvest in their respective businesses. In addition, we also seek to invest in companies whose business models and expected future cash flows offer attractive exit possibilities. These companies include candidates for strategic acquisition by other industry participants and companies that may repay our investments through an initial public offering of common stock or another capital market transaction. In today s market environment, we believe that a strategic sale is more likely than an IPO for many of our portfolio companies, although IPOs cannot be ruled out. We believe that an acquisition by a strategic buyer is possible at any time for any of our companies.

DUE DILIGENCE
 
 We believe it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence on investment targets. In evaluating new investments, we, through the Investment Adviser, conduct a rigorous due diligence process that draws from the Investment Adviser s investment experience, industry expertise, and network of contacts. The Investment Adviser conducts extensive due diligence investigations in their investment activities. In conducting due diligence, the Investment Adviser uses publicly available information as well as information from its relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors, and investment bankers.

Our due diligence typically includes:

review of historical and prospective financial information;

review of technology, product, and business plan;

on-site visits;

interviews with management, employees, customers, and vendors of the potential portfolio company;

background checks; and

research relating to the company s management, industry, markets, products and services, and competitors.

Upon the completion of due diligence, the Investment Adviser s investment committee determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys and accountants prior to the closing of the investment, as well as other outside consultants, experts, and/or advisers, as appropriate. To the extent unaffiliated, third-party consultants, experts, and/or advisers are used, we will be responsible for those expenses.

INVESTMENT STRUCTURE
 
 Once we have determined that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management of that company and its other capital providers to structure an investment. We negotiate among these parties to agree on how our investment is expected to perform relative to the other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure.

MANAGERIAL ASSISTANCE
 
 As a BDC, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies, and providing other organizational and financial guidance. We may receive fees for these services. FCM will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. For a description of relationships between us and our portfolio companies, please see Portfolio Companies. 

13 

ONGOING RELATIONSHIPS WITH PORTFOLIO COMPANIES
 
 Monitoring

FCM monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. Specifically, FCM monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if they are meeting their respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company.

FCM has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include the following:

Assessment of success in adhering to portfolio company s technology development, business plan and compliance with covenants;

Periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements, and accomplishments;

Comparisons to other portfolio companies in the industry, if any;

Attendance at and participation in board meetings; and

Review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies.

Valuation Process

The following is a description of the steps we take each quarter to determine the value of our portfolio. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are recorded in our financial statements at such market quotations. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our Board of Directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below under Determination of Net Asset Value. Currently, our Board of Directors solicits valuation recommendations from a third-party valuation firm on a quarterly basis.

We expect that all of our portfolio investments will be recorded at fair value as determined under the valuation process discussed above. As a result, there will be uncertainty with respect to the value of our portfolio investments.

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

MANAGEMENT SERVICES
 
 FCM has entered into an Investment Management Agreement (the Investment Management Agreement with us whereby FCM provides investment management services. Subject to the overall supervision of our Board of Directors, the Investment Adviser manages the day-to-day operations of, provides investment management services to, and serves as portfolio manager for us. Mr. Landis, FCM s President and Chief Investment Officer, has been primarily responsible for our portfolio management since our inception. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, FCM will:

determine the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio, and the manner of implementing such changes;

identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); and

close and monitor the investments we make.

FCM s services under the Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. FCM currently serves as investment manager to Firsthand Funds, a family of open-end mutual funds.

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT FEE
 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, we pay FCM a fee for investment management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee.

14 

The base management fee will be calculated at an annual rate of 2.00 of our gross assets. For services rendered under the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee will be payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee will be calculated based on the average of (1) the value of our gross assets at the end of the current calendar quarter and (2) the value of our gross assets at the end of the preceding calendar quarter; and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter will be pro-rated. The incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 20 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fees.

Mathematically, the formula for computing the annual incentive fee can be written as:

For the purposes of calculating realized capital gains, the cost basis of each security acquired in the Reorganization shall be equal to the greater of the original purchase price of that security by Firsthand Funds or the fair market value of the security at the time of the Reorganization.

EXAMPLE INCENTIVE FEE CALCULATION
 
 EXAMPLE: INCENTIVE FEE ON CAPITAL GAINS:
 
 Assumptions

Year 1 = no net realized capital gains or losses 
Year 2 = 50,000 realized capital gains and 20,000 realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. Capital gain incentive fee = 20 x (realized capital gains for year computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at year end)

Calculation of Incentive Fee

Year 1 incentive fee 
 = 20 x (0) 
= 0 (no incentive fee) 

Year 2 incentive fee 
 = 20 x 50,000 - 20,000) - 0 
= 20 x 30,000 
= 6,000 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Additional information about us, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our website at www.firsthandtvf.com. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

EMPLOYEES
 
 We do not currently have any direct employees. Mr. Landis, our Chief Executive Officer, is the majority owner and Chief Investment Officer of the Investment Adviser. The Investment Adviser currently employs a staff of 10, including investment, legal, and administrative professionals.

15 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Investing in the Company involves a number of significant risks relating to our business and investment objective. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND STRUCTURE

WE ARE DEPENDENT UPON FCM S KEY PERSONNEL FOR OUR FUTURE SUCCESS.
 
 If the Investment Adviser is unable to hire and retain qualified personnel, or if it loses any key member of its management team, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly impaired.

We depend on the diligence, skill, and access to the network of business contacts of the management of FCM, including Mr. Landis, the owner, President and Chief Executive Officer of FCM. We also depend, to a significant extent, on FCM s access to the investment information and deal flow generated by Mr. Landis and any other investment professionals of FCM. Mr. Landis and other management personnel of FCM evaluate, negotiate, structure, close, and monitor our investments. Our future success depends on the continued service of Mr. Landis and other management personnel of FCM. The resignation of FCM, or the departure of Mr. Landis or any other key managers hired by FCM could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. In addition, we can offer no assurance that FCM will remain the Investment Adviser.

THE INVESTMENT ADVISER AND ITS MANAGEMENT MANAGE OTHER FUNDS.
 
 In addition to managing SVVC, FCM is also the investment adviser to two open-end mutual funds in the Firsthand Funds family: Firsthand Technology Opportunities Fund and Firsthand Alternative Energy Fund. Mr. Landis, who has primary responsibility for SVVC, also serves as portfolio manager of Firsthand Alternative Energy Fund and Firsthand Technology Opportunities Fund. This may reduce the time FCM and its investment management team have to devote to the affairs of SVVC. The other funds managed by FCM have stated investment objectives which differ from our own. Accordingly, there may be times when the interests of FCM s management team differ from our interests.

THE INVESTMENT ADVISER MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACHIEVE THE SAME OR SIMILAR RETURNS TO THOSE ACHIEVED BY ITS INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS WHILE THEY WERE EMPLOYED AT PRIOR JOBS.
 
 Although Mr. Landis has been a portfolio manager of a number of open-end mutual funds in the Firsthand Funds family, Mr. Landis s track record and achievements are not necessarily indicative of future results that will be achieved by FCM on our behalf. FCM and its investment professionals skills and expertise may not be as well suited to our objectives, strategies and requirements as they are for certain other funds. FCM and many of its investment professionals are relatively inexperienced in managing closed end funds and our investment objectives, policies and regulatory limitations differ substantially from the other funds FCM and its investment professionals have managed. Similarly, while the research and operational professionals that support Mr. Landis in his management of Firsthand Funds are substantially the same individuals that will be supporting us, there is no assurance that they will be able to provide the same level of services to us as they did (or currently do) for Firsthand Funds.

OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION WILL DEPEND ON OUR ABILITY TO MANAGE FUTURE GROWTH EFFECTIVELY.
 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our ability to grow, which will depend, in turn, on FCM s ability to identify, invest in, and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria.

Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis will be largely a function of FCM s structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive, and efficient services to us and our access to financing on acceptable terms. The management team of FCM will have substantial responsibilities under the Investment Management Agreement. In addition, the employees of FCM may also be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies as the principals of our administrator. Such demands on their time may distract them or slow our rate of investment. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

16 

WE OPERATE IN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE MARKET FOR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES.
 
 A number of entities will compete with us to make the types of investments that we plan to make. We will compete with other venture capital firms and venture capital funds, various public and private investment funds, including hedge funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, and various technology and alternative energy companies internal venture capital arms. Many of our potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a stronger network of contacts and better connections for deal flows or have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act will impose on us as a BDC. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective.

REGULATIONS GOVERNING OUR OPERATION AS A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY WILL AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO, AND THE WAY IN WHICH WE, RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL.
 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock at a price below the current net asset value of the common stock, or sell warrants, options, or rights to acquire such common stock, at a price below the current net asset value of the common stock if our Board of Directors determines that such sale is in the best interests SVVC, and our stockholders approve SVVC s policy and practice of making such sales. Our stockholders have not approved a policy or practice of selling our common stock below our net asset value per share. However, our Board of Directors may ask our stockholders to vote on such a policy and practice at upcoming stockholders meetings. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount).

ANY FAILURE ON OUR PART TO MAINTAIN OUR STATUS AS A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY WOULD REDUCE OUR OPERATING FLEXIBILITY.
 
 If we do not remain a BDC, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act, which would subject us to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act and correspondingly decrease our operating flexibility and increase our cost of doing business. Furthermore, any failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the 1940 Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us or expose us to claims of private litigants.

IF WE DO NOT INVEST A SUFFICIENT PORTION OF OUR ASSETS IN QUALIFYING ASSETS, WE COULD FAIL TO QUALIFY AS A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OR BE PRECLUDED FROM INVESTING ACCORDING TO OUR CURRENT BUSINESS STRATEGY.
 
 As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. See Regulation above.

We may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could lose our status as a BDC, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to comply with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it would be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. For example, we may have difficulty in finding a buyer and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss.

17 

WE ARE A NON-DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT COMPANY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE 1940 ACT, AND THEREFORE WE ARE NOT LIMITED WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPORTION OF OUR ASSETS THAT MAY BE INVESTED IN SECURITIES OF A SINGLE ISSUER.
 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. Beyond our income tax diversification requirements, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments could be concentrated in relatively few portfolio companies.

WE WILL NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO GROW.
 
 We will need additional capital to fund growth in our investments once we have fully invested the cash (and other liquid assets, if any) received, we may issue equity securities in order to obtain this additional capital. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow or pursue business opportunities. During the years that we have elected and maintained our status as a RIC, we will be required to distribute at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders to maintain our RIC status. As a result, if stockholders opt out of reinvesting those distributions back into SVVC, these earnings will not be available to fund new investments. If we fail to obtain additional capital to fund our investments, this could limit our ability to grow, which may have an adverse effect on the value of our securities.

MANY OF OUR PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS WILL BE RECORDED AT FAIR VALUE AS DETERMINED IN GOOD FAITH BY OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS. AS A RESULT, THERE WILL BE UNCERTAINTY AS TO THE VALUE OF OUR PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS.
 
 A large percentage of our portfolio investments will be in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable. We will value these securities quarterly at fair value according to our written valuation procedures and as determined in good faith by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may use the services of a nationally recognized independent valuation firm to aid it in determining the fair value of these securities. The methods for valuing these securities may include: fundamental analysis (sales, income, or earnings multiples, etc.), discounts from market prices of similar securities, purchase price of securities, subsequent private transactions in the security or related securities, or discounts applied to the nature and duration of restrictions on the disposition of the securities, as well as a combination of these and other factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time, and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such securities.

THE LACK OF LIQUIDITY IN OUR INVESTMENTS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.
 
 We primarily make investments in private companies. Substantially all of these securities will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments. In addition, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that we have material non-public information regarding such portfolio company.

WE MAY EXPERIENCE FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR QUARTERLY RESULTS.
 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including the performance of the portfolio securities we hold; the level of our expenses; variations in, and the timing of the recognition of, realized and unrealized gains or losses; the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods.

18 

THERE ARE SIGNIFICANT POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST THAT COULD IMPACT OUR INVESTMENT RETURNS.
 
 Our executive officers and directors may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by affiliates of FCM that may be formed in the future. Accordingly, if this occurs, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders.

In the course of our investing activities, we will pay investment management and incentive fees to FCM, and will reimburse FCM for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in a lower rate of return than an investor might achieve through direct investments. Accordingly, there may be times when the management team of FCM has interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict.

Several members of our Board of Directors are also trustees of the Board of Trustees of Firsthand Funds. Of the five directors of the Company, Messrs. Landis, Burglin, and Lee all serve as both directors for the Company and trustees for Firsthand Funds. Messrs. Petredis and Yee are the only directors of the Company who are not also trustees of Firsthand Funds. We believe such a commonality of the board brings continuity of oversight and allows our Board to maintain the institutional knowledge and experience of overseeing illiquid securities and their pricing methods.

OUR INCENTIVE FEE MAY INDUCE FCM TO MAKE SPECULATIVE INVESTMENTS AND THESE FEES WILL, IN EFFECT, BE BORNE BY OUR COMMON STOCKHOLDERS.
 
 The incentive fee payable by us to FCM may create an incentive for FCM to make investments on our behalf that are risky or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. The incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser is calculated based on a percentage of our return on invested capital. This may encourage the Investment Adviser to invest in higher risk investments in the hope of securing higher returns.

We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds, as well as other special purpose vehicles set up by third parties for investment in a particular private company. To the extent we so invest, we will bear our ratable share of any such investment company s expenses, including management and incentive fees. We will also remain obligated to pay investment advisory fees, consisting of a base management fee and incentive fees, to FCM with respect to the assets invested in the securities and instruments of other investment companies under the Investment Management Agreement. With respect to any such investments, each of our stockholders will bear his or her share of the investment advisory fees of FCM as well as indirectly bearing the investment advisory fees and other expenses of any investment companies in which we invest.

CHANGES IN LAWS OR REGULATIONS GOVERNING OUR OPERATIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.
 
 We and our portfolio companies will be subject to regulation by laws at the local, state, and federal levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may be changed from time to time. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations could materially and adversely affect our business.

PROVISIONS OF THE MARYLAND GENERAL CORPORATION LAW AND OF OUR CHARTER AND BYLAWS COULD DETER TAKEOVER ATTEMPTS AND HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK.
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter, and our bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of the Company or the removal of the Company s directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, the application of which is subject to any requirements of the 1940 Act. Our Board of Directors has adopted a resolution exempting from the Maryland Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such business combination by our Board, including approval by a majority of our disinterested directors. If the resolution exempting business combinations is repealed or our Board does not approve a business combination, the Maryland Business Combination Act may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. We are also subject to the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act. With certain exceptions, the Maryland General Corporation Law provides that a holder of control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition has no voting rights 

19 

with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares owned by the acquiring person or by our officers or by our directors who are our employees. The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer.

We have also adopted other measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter classifying our Board of Directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualify, and provisions of our charter authorizing our Board of Directors (all without stockholder approval) to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of our stock, and to amend our charter to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we have authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.

OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS MAY CHANGE OUR INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE, OPERATING POLICIES, AND STRATEGIES WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE OR STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL.
 
 Our Board of Directors has the authority to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval (except as required by the 1940 Act). However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results, and value of our stock. Nevertheless, the effects may adversely affect our business and impact our ability to make distributions.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INVESTMENTS

OUR INVESTMENTS IN PROSPECTIVE PORTFOLIO COMPANIES MAY BE RISKY, AND YOU COULD LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT.
 
 Equity Investments. We make equity investments primarily in equity securities and equity derivatives (such as options, warrants, rights, etc.) of privately placed venture capital stage technology and alternative energy companies as well as publicly traded micro-cap companies (those with market capitalizations of less than 250 million). Our goal is ultimately to dispose of these equity interests and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value or lose all value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience.

In addition, investing in privately placed technology and clean tech companies involves a number of significant risks, including that private companies generally have limited operating history and are not as well capitalized as public companies. In addition, private company valuations may fluctuate more dramatically than those of public companies and they frequently have less diverse product lines and smaller market presence than larger competitors. These factors could adversely affect our investment returns as compared to companies investing primarily in the securities of public companies.

WE MAY INVEST IN MICRO-CAP PUBLIC COMPANIES AND COMPANIES WE MAY HOPE WILL HAVE SUCCESSFUL INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERINGS.
 
 Although micro-cap companies may have potential for rapid growth, they are subject to wider price fluctuations due to factors inherent in their size, such as lack of management experience and financial resources and limited trade volume and frequency. To make a large sale of securities of micro-cap companies that trade in limited volumes, SVVC may need to sell portfolio holdings at a discount or make a series of small sales over an extended period of time.

We have invested in, and we expect to continue to invest in, companies that we believe are likely to issue securities in initial public offerings IPOs ). Although there is a potential the pre-IPO securities that we buy may increase in value if the company does issue securities in an IPO, IPOs are risky and volatile and may cause the value of our securities to fall dramatically. Also, because securities of pre-IPO companies are generally not freely or publicly tradeable, we may not have access to purchase securities in these companies in the amounts or at the prices we desire. Securities issued by these privately-held companies have no trading history, and information about such companies may be available for very 

20 

limited periods. The companies that we anticipate holding successful IPOs may not ever issues shares in an IPO and a liquid market for their securities may never develop, which may negatively affect the price at which we can sell any such securities and make it more difficult to sell such securities, which could also adversely affect our liquidity.

WE EXPECT TO PURCHASE SECURITIES IN IPOS, WHICH INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS FOR US, AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN OFFERINGS TO THE EXTENT DESIRED OR AT ALL.
 
 Securities purchased in IPOs are often subject to the general risk associated with investments in companies with smaller market capitalizations, and typically to a heightened degree. Securities issued in IPOs have no trading history, and information about companies may be available for very limited periods. In addition, under certain market conditions, a relatively small number of companies may issue securities in IPOs. Our investment performance during periods when we are unable to invest significantly or at all in IPOs may be lower than during periods when we are able to do so.

IPO securities may be volatile, and we cannot predict whether investments in IPOs will be successful. If the Company grows in size, the possible positive effects of IPO investments on the Company may decrease.

WE HAVE NOT YET IDENTIFIED ALL OF THE PORTFOLIO COMPANY INVESTMENTS WE INTEND TO ACQUIRE.
 
 The Investment Adviser will select our investments, and our stockholders will have no input with respect to such investment decisions. These factors increase the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in our shares.

ECONOMIC RECESSIONS OR DOWNTURNS COULD IMPAIR OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS.
 
 Many of our portfolio companies are susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may fail or require additional capital investments from us during those periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets are likely to increase and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. These events could harm our operating results.

OUR FAILURE TO MAKE FOLLOW-ON INVESTMENTS IN OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES COULD IMPAIR THE VALUE OF OUR PORTFOLIO.
 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in order to:

increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; or

exercise warrants, options, or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing.

We have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources and the availability of securities in the applicable public company. We may elect not to make follow-on investments in a portfolio company and we may lack sufficient funds to make those investments. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, because we prefer other opportunities, or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements or the desire to maintain our tax status.

WE SOMETIMES DO NOT HOLD CONTROLLING EQUITY INTERESTS IN OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES AND WE MAY NOT BE IN A POSITION TO EXERCISE CONTROL OVER OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES OR TO PREVENT DECISIONS BY MANAGEMENT OF OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES THAT COULD DECREASE THE VALUE OF OUR INVESTMENTS.
 
 Although we have held control and will continue to do so for some instruments, we do not anticipate always taking controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. As a result, we will be subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the stockholders and management of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity for the equity investments that we will typically hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company, and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments.

21 

AN INVESTMENT STRATEGY FOCUSED PRIMARILY ON PRIVATELY HELD COMPANIES PRESENTS CERTAIN CHALLENGES, INCLUDING THE LACK OF AVAILABLE INFORMATION ABOUT THESE COMPANIES, A DEPENDENCE ON THE TALENTS AND EFFORTS OF ONLY A FEW KEY PORTFOLIO COMPANY PERSONNEL, AND A GREATER VULNERABILITY TO ECONOMIC DOWNTURNS.
 
 We invest primarily in privately held companies. Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and we will be required to rely on the ability of FCM s investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Also, privately held companies frequently have less diverse product lines and a smaller market presence than larger competitors. These factors could adversely affect our investment returns as compared to companies investing primarily in the securities of public companies.

OUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES MAY ISSUE ADDITIONAL SECURITIES OR INCUR DEBT THAT RANKS EQUAL OR SENIOR TO OUR INVESTMENTS IN SUCH COMPANIES.
 
 We also invest primarily in equity securities issued by our portfolio companies. The portfolio companies may be permitted to issue additional securities or incur other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the equity securities in which we invest. By their terms, such other securities (especially if they are debt securities) may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal before we are entitled to receive any distribution from the portfolio companies. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our equity investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before equity investors like us may receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying such senior creditors, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to distribute to us.

WE MAY PURCHASE OR SELL OPTIONS ON SECURITIES AND INDEXES, WHICH MAY EXPOSE US, AND YOUR INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK, TO CERTAIN RISKS.
 
 We may on a limited basis purchase or sell options on indexes or securities. The use of options has risks and our ability to successfully use these techniques depends on our ability to predict pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. The use of options may result in losses greater than if they had not been used, may require us to sell or purchase portfolio securities at inopportune times or for prices other than current market values, may limit the amount of appreciation we can realize on an investment or may cause us to hold a security we might otherwise sell.

OUR INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS IN ADDITION TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN U.S. INVESTMENTS.
 
 Our investment strategy involves potential investments in equity securities of foreign companies. Investing in foreign companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations; political and social instability; expropriation; imposition of foreign taxes; less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States; higher transaction costs; less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers; less developed bankruptcy laws; difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations; lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards; and greater price volatility.

Although most of our investments will be U.S. dollar-denominated, any investments denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation, and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we can offer no assurance that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk, or, if we do, that such strategies will be effective.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None.

22 

Item 2. Properties 

Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, Firsthand Capital Management, Inc. is responsible for providing office space to the Company and for the costs associated with providing such space. Our offices are located at 150 Almaden Blvd., Suite 1250, San Jose, CA 95113.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

MARKET INFORMATION

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SVVC. The following table sets forth the range of the high and low closing sales prices of the Company s shares during each quarter during the last fiscal year, as reported by Nasdaq Global Market. The quarterly stock prices quoted represent interdealer quotations and do not include markups, markdowns, or commissions.

2022 Quarter Ending 
 
 Low 

High 

March 31 

3.28 

4.19 

June 30 

1.83 

3.58 

September 30 

1.28 

1.89 

December 31 

0.90 

1.39 

SHAREHOLDERS

As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 1,100 shareholders of record and approximately 10,500 beneficial owners of the Company s common stock.

DIVIDENDS

There were no distributions in 2022.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

The Company did not issue any unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022.

23 

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The graph and table below compares the cumulative total return of holders of our common stock (market price) and of the Fund s NAV with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Composite Index. There is a difference between the market price of our common stock and the Fund s NAV because the stock may trade at a discount or premium to the NAV in the secondary market. The comparison assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock (using both market price and NAV) and in the index (including reinvestment of dividends) was 10,000 on April 18, 2011 (our inception date), and tracks it through December 31, 2022.

We, however, do not believe either the S P 500 Index or the NASDAQ Composite Index to be appropriate comparable indices of the Company s benchmark results. The Company is a publicly traded venture capital fund that invests primarily in private and micro cap technology companies. The S P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Composite Index are both indices of publicly traded large capitalization companies, with performance predominantly driven by the largest companies in the index. Nevertheless, we do not believe there is currently a widely accessible and generally accepted index that tracks publicly traded venture capital funds. When compared to the S P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Composite Index, we have underperformed those broad market indices because equity securities of the private companies in our portfolio have not appreciated substantially during the recent bull market for publicly traded stocks.

STOCK TRANSFER AGENT

Computershare Investor Services, 462 South 4th Street, Suite 1600 Louisville, KY 40202 (1.800.331.1710) serves as our transfer agent.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The information below was derived from the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. This information should be read in conjunction with those Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and the notes thereto. These historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in the future.

24 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities

AS OF 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

AS OF 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

ASSETS 

Investment securities: 

Unaffiliated investments at acquisition cost 

1,772,422 

1,729,653 

Affiliated investments at acquisition cost 

662,235 

4,744,427 

Controlled investments at acquisition cost 

140,355,353 

138,754,479 

Total acquisition cost 

142,790,010 

145,228,559 

Unaffiliated investments at market value 

772,422 

1,009,813 

Affiliated investments at market value 

337,500 

613,650 

Controlled investments at market value 

39,012,002 

89,505,079 

Total Market value (Note 6) 

40,121,924 

91,128,542 

Foreign currency at value (cost 3,235 and 0) 

3,404 

Receivable from dividends and interest 

14,463 

11,485,642 

Other assets 

64,066 

64,066 

Total Assets 

40,203,857 

102,678,250 

LIABILITIES 

Due to Custodian 

13,589 

Payable to affiliates (Note 4) 

9,188,187 

7,702,914 

Trustees fees payable 

50,000 

Consulting fee payable 

46,000 

26,000 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

310,079 

181,123 

Total Liabilities 

9,594,266 

7,923,626 

NET ASSETS 

30,609,591 

94,754,624 

Net Assets consist of: 

Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 100,000,000 shares authorized 

6,893 

6,893 

Paid-in-capital 

176,770,722 

176,770,722 

Total distributable earnings (loss) 

(146,168,024) 

(82,022,991) 

NET ASSETS 

30,609,591 

94,754,624 

Shares of Common Stock outstanding 

7,016,432 

7,016,432 

Shares of Treasury Stock outstanding 

(123,376) 

(123,376) 

Total Shares of Common Stock outstanding 

6,893,056 

6,893,056 

Net asset value per share (Note 2) 

4.44 

13.75 

Includes Fidelity Investment Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I, which invests primarily in U.S. Treasury securities. The yields as of 12/31/22 and 12/31/21 were 4.13 and 0.01 , respectively. Please see https://fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/summary/316175504 for additional information.

Includes warrants whose primary risk exposure is equity contracts.

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 25 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Unaffiliated dividends 

171,613 

Unaffiliated interest 

3,318 

30,906 

15,608 

Affiliated/controlled interest 

(10,015,197) 

6,116,176 

3,635,326 

Foreign tax withholding 

3,457 

TOTAL INVESTMENT INCOME 

(10,008,422) 

6,318,695 

3,650,934 

EXPENSES 

Investment advisory fees (Note 4) 

1,366,496 

2,220,811 

2,016,980 

Administration fees 

118,009 

122,177 

117,911 

Custody fees 

17,338 

24,661 

15,780 

Transfer agent fees 

38,054 

39,737 

33,640 

Registration and filing fees 

33,800 

32,700 

31,700 

Professional fees 

397,138 

367,471 

415,447 

Printing fees 

60,853 

80,307 

36,953 

Trustees fees 

200,000 

200,000 

200,000 

Compliance fees 

118,777 

120,487 

116,947 

Miscellaneous fees 

88,580 

46,907 

44,077 

TOTAL GROSS EXPENSES 

2,439,045 

3,255,258 

3,029,435 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME/(LOSS), BEFORE TAXES 

(12,447,467) 

3,063,437 

621,499 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments: 

Net realized gains (losses) from security transactions on: 

Affiliated/controlled 

(3,131,579) 

11,753,038 

(5,589,234) 

Non-affiliated/controlled and other assets 

(1,927,408) 

Foreign currency 

1,914 

27 

Deferred tax benefit 

(5,816,066) 

Net realized gains (losses), net of deferred taxes 

(3,129,665) 

11,753,065 

(13,332,708) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Non-affiliated investments 

(280,160) 

(551,274) 

4,189,718 

Affiliated/controlled investments and foreign currency 

(48,442,656) 

(21,673,270) 

(8,242,579) 

Affiliated/controlled warrants investments (1) 

154,915 

20,298 

(4,156,438) 

Deferred tax benefit/(expenses) 

(2,026,517) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation), net of deferred taxes 

(48,567,901) 

(22,204,246) 

(10,235,816) 

Net Realized and Unrealized (Loss) on Investments, Net of Deferred Taxes 

(51,697,566) 

(10,451,181) 

(23,568,524) 

Net Decrease In Net Assets Resulting From Operations, Net of Deferred Taxes 

(64,145,033) 

(7,387,744) 

(22,947,025) 

Net Decrease In Net Assets Per Share Resulting From Operations (2) 

(9.31) 

(1.07) 

(3.31) 

(1) 

Primary exposure is equity risk.

(2) 

Per share results are calculated based on weighted average shares outstanding for each period.

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 26 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto.

OVERVIEW

We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company organized as a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As such, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities of private or micro-cap public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. In addition, for tax purposes we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. FCM serves as our investment adviser and manages the investment process on a daily basis.

Our investment objective is to seek long-term growth of capital, principally by seeking capital gains on our equity and equity-related investments. There can be no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective. Under normal circumstances, we invest at least 80 of our net assets for investment purposes in technology companies. We consider technology companies to be those companies that derive at least 50 of their revenues from products and/or services within the information technology sector or in the cleantech sector. Information technology companies include, but are not limited to, those focused on computer hardware, software, telecommunications, networking, Internet, and consumer electronics. While there is no standard definition of cleantech, it is generally regarded as including goods and services designed to harness renewable energy and materials, eliminate emissions and waste, and reduce the use of natural resources. In addition, under normal circumstances we invest at least 70 of our total assets in privately held companies and public companies with market capitalizations of less than 250 million. Our portfolio is primarily composed of equity and equity derivative securities of technology and cleantech companies (as defined above). These investments generally range between 1 million and 10 million each, although the investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. We acquire our investments through direct investments in private companies, negotiations with selling shareholders, and in organized secondary marketplaces for private securities.

While our primary focus is to invest in illiquid private technology and cleantech companies, we also may invest in micro-cap publicly traded companies. In addition, we may invest up to 30 percent of the portfolio in opportunistic investments that do not constitute the private companies and micro-cap public companies described above. These other investments may include investments in securities of public companies that are actively traded or in actively traded derivative securities such as options on securities or security indices. These other investments may also include investments in high-yield bonds, distressed debt, or securities of public companies that are actively traded and securities of companies located outside of the United States. Our investment activities are managed by FCM.

27 

The following table summarizes the fair value of our investment portfolio by industry sector as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Medical Devices 
 55.9 
 28.6 

Automotive 
 29.0 
 24.5 

Aerospace 
 25.8 
 5.8 

Semiconductor Equipment 
 11.5 
 32.8 

Equipment Leasing 
 2.9 
 2.0 

Intellectual Property 
 2.4 
 1.1 

Advanced Materials 
 1.4 
 0.7 

Exchange-Traded/Money Market Funds 
 2.2 
 0.7 

(Liabilities)/Other Assets 
 (31.1 
 3.8 

Net Assets 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Certain trends in the technology industry may have an impact on the portfolio in coming quarters. In particular, the semiconductor industry, which has historically been a highly cyclical industry, has enjoyed a period of strong growth over the past several years. Given the substantial weighting of semiconductor investments in the current portfolio, the Fund will be sensitive to changes in this industry. Fund performance may also be impacted by the speed of adoption of certain new technologies, including, but not limited to: electric drivetrains for trucks, electron intra-operative radiation for cancer treatment, X-ray inspection of electronic components, and small form factor satellites.

MATURITY OF PRIVATE COMPANIES IN THE CURRENT PORTFOLIO

The Fund invests in private companies at various stages of maturity. As our portfolio companies mature, they move from the early (development) stage to the middle (revenue) stage and then to the late stage. We expect that this continuous progression may create a pipeline of potential exit opportunities through initial public offerings (IPOs) or acquisitions. Of course, some companies do not progress.

The illustration below describes typical characteristics of companies at each stage of maturity and where we believe our current portfolio companies fit within these categories. We expect some of our portfolio companies to transition between stages of maturity over time. The transition may be forward if the company is maturing and is successfully executing its business plan or may be backward if the company is not successfully executing its business plan or decides to change its business plan substantially from its original plan.

28 

EARLY STAGE 
 MIDDLE STAGE 
 LATE STAGE 

Developing product or service for market, high level of research and development, little or no revenue. 
 Established product, customers, business model; limited revenues. 
 Appreciable revenue; may be break-even or profitable; IPO or acquisition candidate. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following information is a comparison for the year ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020.

INVESTMENT INCOME
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had investment income of (10,008,422) primarily attributable to an interest adjustment on convertible/term note investments with IntraOp Medical Corp and Wrightspeed.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had investment income of 6,318,695 primarily attributable to interest accrued on convertible/term note investments with IntraOp Medical Corp, Hera, and Wrightspeed.

For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had investment income of 3,650,934 primarily attributable to interest accrued on convertible/term note investments with IntraOp Medical Corp, Hera, and Wrightspeed.

The lower level of investment income in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to an interest adjustment on notes issued by IntraOp and Wrightspeed.

The higher level of investment income in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was due to increasing principal amounts on notes issued by IntraOp, Hera and Wrightspeed.

OPERATING EXPENSES
 
 Operating expenses totaled approximately 2,439,045 during the year ended December 31, 2022, 3,255,258 during the year ended December 31, 2021, and 3,029,435 during the year ended December 31, 2020.

Significant components of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were a management fee expense of 1,366,496 and professional fees (audit, legal, accounting, and consulting) of 397,138. Significant components of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, were a management fee expense of 2,220,811 and professional fees (audit, legal, accounting, and consulting) of 367,471. Significant components of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020, were a management fee expense of 2,016,981 and professional fees (audit, legal, accounting, and consulting) of 415,447.

The lower level of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to a decrease in our total net assets, on which the investment advisory fees are based.

29 

The higher level of operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is primarily attributable to an increase in total net assets, on which the investment advisory fees are based.

NET INVESTMENT GAIN/(LOSS)
 
 The net investment gain/(loss) before taxes was (12,447,467) for the year ended December 31, 2022, 3,063,437 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 621,499 for the year ended December 31, 2020.

The greater net investment loss before taxes in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to an interest adjustment on convertible notes with IntraOp Medical and Wrightspeed, on which we accrue income.

The greater net investment gain before taxes in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 is primarily attributable to increased investments in convertible note with IntraOp Medical, Hera Systems and Wrightspeed on which we accrue income.

NET INVESTMENT REALIZED GAINS AND LOSSES AND UNREALIZED APPRECIATION AND DEPRECIATION
 
 A summary of the net realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, is shown below.

Year Ended 
December 31, 2022 

Realized losses 

(3,129,665) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

(48,567,901) 

Net realized and unrealized loss on investments 

(51,697,566) 

As of 
December 31, 2022 

Gross unrealized appreciation on portfolio investments 

957,122 

Gross unrealized depreciation on portfolio investments 

(103,625,209) 

Net unrealized depreciation on portfolio investments, warrants, and other assets 

(102,668,087) 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2021 

Realized gains 

11,753,065 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

(22,204,246) 

Net realized and unrealized loss on investments 

(10,451,181) 

As of 
December 31, 2021 

Gross unrealized appreciation on portfolio investments 

18,046,155 

Gross unrealized depreciation on portfolio investments 

(72,146,172) 

Net unrealized depreciation on portfolio investments, warrants, and other assets 

(54,100,017) 

30 

Year Ended 
December 31, 2020 

Realized losses 

(7,516,642) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

(8,209,299) 

Deferred tax benefit 

(7,842,583) 

Net realized and unrealized loss on investments 

(23,568,524) 

As of 
December 31, 2020 

Gross unrealized appreciation on portfolio investments 

21,165,955 

Gross unrealized depreciation on portfolio investments 

(53,061,752) 

Net unrealized depreciation on portfolio investments, warrants, and other assets 

(31,895,797) 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized net realized losses of approximately 3,129,665 from the sale of investments. Realized losses were higher compared to the Fund s realized gains in 2021 due to the sale of investments, primarily Pivotal in 2022.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net unrealized depreciation on total investments increased by 48,567,901. The change in net unrealized appreciation and depreciation of our private investments is based on portfolio asset valuations determined in good faith by our Board of Directors. The increase in unrealized depreciation on total investments during the year is due primarily to the decrease in value of our investments, most notably IntraOp Medical, Wrightspeed, and Revasum.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized net realized gains of approximately 11,753,065 from the sale of investments. Realized gains were higher compared to the Fund s realized losses in 2020 due to the sale of investments, primarily Pivotal in 2021.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, net unrealized depreciation on total investments increased by 22,204,246. The change in net unrealized appreciation and depreciation of our private investments is based on portfolio asset valuations determined in good faith by our Board of Directors. The increase in unrealized depreciation on total investments during the year is due primarily to the decrease in value of our investments, most notably, IntraOp Medical, Wrightspeed and SVXR.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized net realized losses of approximately 7,516,642 from the sale/write-off of investments. Realized losses were lower compared to the Fund s realized losses in 2019 due to the sale/write-off of our QMAT and Vufine positions in the 2019 year.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, net unrealized depreciation on total investments increased by 8,209,299. The change in net unrealized appreciation and depreciation of our private investments is based on portfolio asset valuations determined in good faith by our Board of Directors. The increase in unrealized depreciation on total investments during the year is due primarily to the decrease in value of our investments, most notably, Hera Systems, Pivotal and Revasum.

INCOME AND EXCISE TAXES
 
 Beginning on June 30, 2018, we were no longer able to qualify as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). This change in tax status resulted from the increase in the value of a single holding, Pivotal Systems Corp., which meant that we were no longer able to satisfy the diversification requirements for qualification as a RIC. As a result of this change, we will be taxed as a corporation for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and will continue to be taxed in that manner for future fiscal years, paying federal and applicable state corporate taxes on our taxable income, unless and until we are able to once again qualify as 

31 

a RIC, based on changes in the composition of our portfolio. Consequently, at the close of each fiscal quarter beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2018, we will record a deferred tax liability for any net realized gains and net ordinary income for the year-to-date period plus net unrealized gains as of the end of the quarter.

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS AND CHANGE IN NET ASSETS PER SHARE
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net decrease in net assets resulting from operations (net of deferred taxes) totaled 64,145,033 and the basic and fully diluted net change in net assets per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (9.31).

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net decrease in net assets resulting from operations (net of deferred taxes) totaled 7,387,744 and the basic and fully diluted net change in net assets per share for the year ended December 31, 2020 was (1.07).

For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net decrease in net assets resulting from operations (net of deferred taxes) totaled 22,947,025 and the basic and fully diluted net change in net assets per share for the year ended December 31, 2020 was (3.31).

The greater decrease in net assets resulting from operations (net of deferred taxes) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, is due primarily to a greater decrease in the asset valuations of our holdings, which are determined in good faith by our Board of Directors.

The lesser decrease in net assets resulting from operations (net of deferred taxes) for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, is due primarily to a greater increase in realized gains from investments, most notably Pivotal Systems.

The lesser decrease in net assets resulting from operations (net of deferred taxes) for the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2019, is due primarily to a lesser decrease in the asset valuations of our holdings, which are determined in good faith by our Board of Directors.

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from sales or liquidation proceeds of our investments. In management s view, we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to pay our operating expenses and conduct investment activities over the next twelve months.

Our primary uses of cash are to make investments, pay our operating expenses, and make distributions to our stockholders. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our operating expenses were 2,439,045, 3,255,258, and 3,029,435, respectively.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our total cash reserves and liquid securities decreased approximately 74 , primarily due to the purchase of portfolio securities. We believe that our current liquid assets are sufficient to meet the Company s short-term financing needs.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents increased to 675,826 at the end of the year, from 616,064 at the beginning of the year. The increase in cash and cash equivalents primarily resulted from the sale of portfolio investments in 2022.

At December 31, 2022, we had investments in public and private securities totaling approximately 40.1 million. Also, at December 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.0 million in cash. We primarily invest cash on hand in money market treasury portfolios. We expect the portion of our portfolio consisting of cash and cash equivalents to decrease as we become fully invested.

32 

As of December 31, 2022, net assets totaled approximately 30.6 million, with an NAV per share of 4.44. Our primary use of funds will be investments in portfolio companies and payments of fees and other operating expenses we incur. Additionally, we expect to raise additional capital to support our future growth through future equity offerings. To the extent we determine to raise additional equity through an offering of our common stock at a price below NAV, existing investors will experience dilution.

PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

PRIVATE INVESTMENTS
 
 We make investments in securities of both public and private companies. December 31, 2022, we had investments in the following private companies:

EQX Capital, Inc.
 
 EQX Capital, Inc. EQX ), San Francisco, California, is an equipment leasing company.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in EQX consisted of 1,950,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 100,000 shares of common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately 0.9 million.

Hera Systems, Inc.
 
 Hera Systems, Inc. Hera ), San Jose, CA, is currently developing a constellation of micro satellites to launch into low Earth orbit with imaging and communications capabilities.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in Hera consisted of 3,642,324 shares of Series A preferred stock, 7,039,203 shares of Series B preferred stock, 2,650,000 shares of Series C preferred stock, 1,200,000 par value convertible note, 5,359,791 par value convertible note, and 24,414,922 shares of Series B warrants with an aggregate fair value of approximately 7.9 million.

IntraOp Medical Corp.
 
 IntraOp Medical Corporation IntraOp ), Sunnyvale, California, manufactures and markets the Mobetron, a medical device for delivering Intra Operative Electron Radiation Therapy to cancer patients.

At December 31, 2021, our investment in IntraOp consisted of 26,856,187 shares of Series C preferred stock, 3,000,000 par value term note, 2,000,000 par value term note, 1,300,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 400,000 par value convertible note, 750,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 500,000 par value convertible note, 200,000 par value convertible note, 150,000 par value convertible note, 350,000 par value convertible note, 700,000 par value convertible note, and a 10,961,129 par value convertible note with a combined aggregate fair value of approximately 17.1 million.

33 

Kyma, Inc.
 
 Kyma, Inc. Kyma ), Raleigh, NC, is a supplier of high-quality gallium nitride-based wafers to semiconductor device manufacturers in the electronics and optical markets.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in Kyma consisted of a 100,000 par value convertible note with a combined fair value of approximately 100 thousand.

Lyncean Technologies, Inc.
 
 Lyncean Technologies, Inc. Lyncean ), Fremont, CA, is a developer X-ray and extreme ultraviolet (EUV) light sources for laboratory and commercial use.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in Lyncean consisted of 869,792 shares of Series B preferred stock with a combined fair value of approximately 0.

Silicon Genesis Corp.
 
 Silicon Genesis Corporation SiGen ), San Jose, CA, provides engineered substrate process technology for the semiconductor, display, optoelectronics, and solar markets.

At December 31, 2022, our investments in SiGen consisted of 82,914 shares of Series 1-C preferred stock, 850,830 shares of Series 1-D preferred stock, 5,704,480 shares of Series 1-E preferred stock, 912,453 shares of Series 1-F preferred stock, 48,370,793 shares of Series 1-G preferred stock, 837,942 shares of Series 1-H preferred stock, 921,892 shares of common stock, and warrants for 37,982 shares of common stock with a combined fair value of approximately 0.7 million.

UCT Coatings, Inc.
 
 UCT Coatings, Inc. UCT ), Stuart, Florida, is a leader in the development of metal coatings that reduce friction and improve efficiency in mechanical systems.

At December 31, 2022, our investments in UCT consisted of 1,500,000 shares of common stock with a combined fair value of approximately 338 thousand.

Wrightspeed, Inc.
 
 Wrightspeed, Inc. Wrightspeed ), San Jose, California, is a supplier of electric drivetrains for heavy-duty commercial vehicles.

At December 31, 2022, our investments in Wrightspeed consisted of 69,102 shares of common stock, 60,733,693 shares of Series AA preferred stock, warrants to purchase 609,756 shares of Series AA preferred stock, 750,000 par value convertible note, 400,000 par value convertible note, 900,000 par value convertible note, 1,050,000 par value convertible note, 400,000 par value convertible note, 375,000 par value convertible note, 2,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,400,000 par value convertible note, 1,200,000 par value convertible note, 700,000 par value convertible note, 300,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 1,000,000 par value convertible note, 200,000 par value convertible note, 185,000 par value convertible note, 65,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 250,000 par value convertible note, 135,000 par value convertible note, 165,000 par value convertible note, 125,000 par value convertible note, and a 4,929,015 par value convertible note with a combined fair value of approximately 8.9 million.

34 

PUBLIC INVESTMENTS
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had investments in the following public securities:

Revasum, Inc.
 
 Revasum, Revasum ), San Luis Obispo, California, designs CMP and grinding technology for the semiconductor equipment industry.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in Revasum consisted of 39,774,889 shares of CDIs with an aggregate fair value of approximately 3.5 million.

Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I
 
 Fidelity Investments Money Market Treasury Portfolio - Class I Money Market is a money market portfolio that invests primarily in U.S. treasury securities.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in Money Market consisted of 672,422 shares of the money market fund with a market value of approximately 672 thousand.

DISTRIBUTION POLICY
 
 Our board of directors will determine the timing and amount, if any, of our distributions. For each year in which the Fund has qualified as a RIC, we intend to pay distributions on an annual basis out of assets legally available therefore. In order to qualify as a RIC and to avoid corporate-level tax on our income, we must distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any, on an annual basis. In addition, we also intend to distribute any realized net capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) at least annually.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
 
 The Fund does not have any Contractual Obligations that meet the requirements for disclosure under Item 303 of Regulation S-K.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
 
 The Fund does not have any Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 
 This discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements will require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. In addition to the discussion below, we will describe our critical accounting policies in the notes to our future financial statements.

Valuation of Portfolio Investments

As a business development company, we generally invest in illiquid equity and equity derivatives of securities of venture capital stage technology companies. Under written procedures established by our board of directors, securities traded on stock exchanges, or quoted by NASDAQ, are valued according to the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. NASDAQ official closing price, if applicable, or at their last reported sale price as of the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE (normally 4:00 P.M. Eastern Time). If a security is not traded that day, the security will be valued at its most recent bid price. Securities traded in the over-the-counter market, but not quoted by NASDAQ, are valued at the last sale price (or, if the last sale price is not readily available, at the most recent closing bid price as quoted by brokers that make markets in the securities) at the close of trading on the NYSE. Securities traded both in the over-the-counter market and on a stock exchange are valued according to the broadest and most representative market. We obtain these market values from an independent pricing service or at the mean between the bid and ask prices obtained 

35 

from at least two brokers or dealers (if available, otherwise by a principal market maker or a primary market dealer). In addition, a large percentage of our portfolio investments are in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable. We value these securities quarterly at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. Our board of directors may use the services of a nationally recognized independent valuation firm to aid it in determining the fair value of these securities. The methods for valuing these securities may include: fundamental analysis (sales, income, or earnings multiples, etc.), discounts from market prices of similar securities, purchase price of securities, subsequent private transactions in the security or related securities, or discounts applied to the nature and duration of restrictions on the disposition of the securities, as well as a combination of these and other factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time, and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such securities.

Revenue Recognition

We record interest income on an accrual basis and dividend income on the ex-dividend date to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. We do not accrue as a receivable interest on loans and debt securities if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, original issue discount, and market discount are capitalized, and we amortize any such amounts as interest income. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized loan origination is recorded as interest income. We will record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income when we receive such amounts.

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation

We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standards setting bodies that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our financial statements upon effectiveness.

Inflation

Inflation has not had a significant effect on our results of operations in any of the reporting periods presented herein. However, our portfolio companies have experienced, and may in the future experience, the impacts of inflation on their operating results.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
 
 Subsequent to the close of the year on December 31, 2022, and through the date of the issuance of the financial statements included herein, a number of material events related to our portfolio of investments occurred, consisting primarily of purchased and sold securities. Since that date, we have sold private securities with an approximate aggregate value of 498 thousand. Included in the sale of private securities is the sale of all the securities of Silicon Genesis Corp. held by the Fund.

36 

I tem 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

The Fund s business activities contain elements of risk. We consider the principal types of market risk to be valuation risk and small company investment risk.

VALUATION RISK

Value, as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the 1940 Act, is (i) the market price for those securities for which market quotations are readily available and (ii) fair value as determined in good faith by, or under the direction of, the Board of Directors for all other assets.

Because there is typically no public market for our interests in the small privately-held companies in which we invest, the valuation of the securities in that portion of our portfolio is determined in good faith by our Board of Directors with the assistance of our Valuation Committee, comprised of the independent members of our Board of Directors, in accordance with our Valuation Procedures. In addition, the Board of Directors may use the services of a nationally recognized independent valuation firm to aid it in determining the fair value of some of these securities. In the absence of a readily ascertainable market value, the determined value of our portfolio of securities may differ significantly from the values that would be placed on the portfolio if a ready market for such securities existed. Determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment, although our valuation policy is intended to provide a consistent basis for determining fair value of the portfolio investments. The methods for valuing these securities may include: fundamental analysis (sales, income, or earnings multiples, etc.), discounts from market prices of similar securities, purchase price of securities, subsequent private transactions in the security or related securities, or discounts applied to the nature and duration of restrictions on the disposition of the securities, as well as a combination of these and other factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time, and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed.

Furthermore, changes in valuation of any of our investments in privately-held companies from one period to another may be volatile.

Investments in privately held, immature companies are inherently more volatile than investments in more mature businesses. Such immature businesses are inherently fragile and easily affected by both internal and external forces.

Our portfolio companies can lose much or all of their value suddenly in response to an internal or external adverse event. Conversely, these immature businesses can gain suddenly in value in response to an internal or external positive development.

The values assigned to our assets are based on available information and do not necessarily represent amounts that might ultimately be realized, as these amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot be reasonably determined until the individual investments are actually liquidated or become readily marketable. Upon sale of investments, the values that are ultimately realized may be different from what is presently estimated. This difference could be material.

PRIVATELY PLACED SMALL COMPANIES RISK

The Fund invests in small companies, and its investments in these companies are considered speculative in nature. The Fund s investments often include securities that are subject to legal or contractual restrictions on resale that adversely affect the liquidity and marketability of such securities. As a result, the Fund is subject to risk of loss which may prevent our shareholders from achieving price appreciation, dividend distributions and return of capital.

WE MAY HOLD A PORTION OF OUR ASSETS IN CASH

As of December 31, 2022, we do not have a significant portion of the Fund s assets invested in cash and/or cash equivalents. We may, however, from time to time hold a substantial portion of our assets in cash and/or cash equivalents, which are expected to earn low yields. Given the current low interest rate environment, to the extent the management 

37 

fee and other operating expenses exceed interest income on the cash holdings of the Fund, the Fund may experience losses. Furthermore, the investment advisory fee payable by us will not be reduced while our assets are invested in cash-equivalent securities.

In some cases, particularly for primary transactions, it is to our advantage to hold sufficient cash reserve so that we can make additional subsequent investments in these companies in order to (a) avoid having our earlier investments become diluted in future dilutive financings, (b) invest additional capital into existing portfolio companies in case additional investments are necessary, and/or (c) exercise warrants, options, or convertible securities that were acquired as part of the earlier transactions. For this reason, in the case of primary transactions (as opposed to secondary transactions where we do not buy the securities from the issuing companies but instead from existing stockholders), we typically reserve cash in an amount at least equal to our initial investment for such follow-on opportunities. Cash reserves held with respect to a particular investment should, therefore, decline as it is held longer, and will typically not be needed once that portfolio company becomes public or we determine it is no longer in our best interest to make investments in such portfolio company.

We may from time to time liquidate various investments. We are required to distribute substantially all of our net realized gains to stockholders on an annual basis and, therefore, will generally hold the proceeds of liquidated investments in cash pending its distribution.

38 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS
 
 of Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the consolidated financial highlights for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the results of its operations, the changes in its net assets, and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the financial highlights for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March XX, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.

BASIS FOR OPINION
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We have served as the Company s auditor since 1997.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 by correspondence with the custodian and portfolio companies. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTER
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

39 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS
 
 of Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. 
Page Two

As discussed in Note 6, level 3 investments were valued at 35,929,006 which represented 117 of the Company s net assets as of December 31, 2022. As part of the valuation process, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors review the valuation models and assumptions prepared by an independent third-party valuation firm. The Company s level 3 investments are valued using acceptable industry methods including a market approach, an income approach, a cost approach, or a combination of such approaches. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions. The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) discounted to a single present value amount. The cost approach uses the Company s cost basis of the investment. In following these approaches, the types of factors that management may take into account in fair value pricing investments include observable market inputs together with significant unobservable inputs, including relevant comparable company multiples, discount rates, volatility and recent transactions.

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of level 3 investments is a critical audit matter is there was significant judgement by management to determine the fair value of these level 3 investments, which included significant unobservable inputs as described above. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgement, subjectivity, and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained related to the unobservable inputs.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of level 3 investments and testing the completeness, accuracy, reliability, and relevance of key data used in the valuation models and testing the computation of these level 3 investments based on the inputs used.

EMPHASIS OF MATTER
 
 As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has one significant subsidiary, as defined under S-X Rule 3-09, for which audited financial statements were not available as of the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. Because the audited financial statements were not available, the Company has presented summarized financial information for this subsidiary. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter.

TAIT, WELLER BAKER LLP 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
March 28, 2023

40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS
 
 of Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

OPINION ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
 
 We have audited Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. s (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) i ssued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the consolidated financial highlights for each of the years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements) of the Company, and our report dated March XX, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion.

BASIS FOR OPINION
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

DEFINITION AND LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

41 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS
 
 Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. 
Page Two

Because of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

March 28, 2023

42 

I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities

AS OF 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

AS OF 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

ASSETS 

Investment securities: 

Unaffiliated investments at acquisition cost 

Affiliated investments at acquisition cost 

Controlled investments at acquisition cost 

Total acquisition cost 

Unaffiliated investments at market value 

Affiliated investments at market value 

Controlled investments at market value 

Total Market value (Note 6) 

Foreign currency at value (cost and 

Receivable from dividends and interest 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Due to Custodian 

Payable to affiliates (Note 4) 

Trustees fees payable 

Consulting fee payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Total Liabilities 

NET ASSETS 

Net Assets consist of: 

Common Stock, par value per share shares authorized 

Paid-in-capital 

Total distributable earnings (loss) 

() 

() 

NET ASSETS 

Shares of Common Stock outstanding 

Shares of Treasury Stock outstanding 

() 

() 

Total Shares of Common Stock outstanding 

Net asset value per share (Note 2) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 43 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

EQX CAPITAL, INC.
 (2.9 

Equipment Leasing 

HERA SYSTEMS, INC.
 (25.8 Aerospace 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORP.
 (55.9 Medical Devices 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 44 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORP.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 45 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORP.
 (continued) 

KYMA, INC.
 (0.3 Advanced Materials 

LYNCEAN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
 (0.0 

Semiconductor Equipment 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 46 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

REVASUM, INC.
 (11.5 

Semiconductor Equipment 

SILICON GENESIS CORP.
 (2.4 

Intellectual Property 

UCT COATINGS, INC.
 (1.1 

Advanced Materials 

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.
 (29.0 

Automotive 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 47 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 48 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 49 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 50 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

INVESTMENT COMPANY
 (2.2 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS (Cost 142,790,010) 131.1 

LIABILITIES IN EXCESS OF OTHER ASSETS (31.1) 

() 

NET ASSETS 100.0 

All investments except the Fidelity Investments Money Market Portfolio are considered qualifying investments.

CDI CHESS Depositary Interests 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 51 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

EQX CAPITAL, INC. 

(2.0 Equipment Leasing 

HERA SYSTEMS, INC. (5.8 Aerospace 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 52 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

HERA SYSTEMS, INC.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 53 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

HERA SYSTEMS, INC.
 (continued) 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORP.
 (28.6 Medical Devices 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 54 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORP.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 55 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

KYMA, INC.
 (0.1 Advanced Materials 

LYNCEAN TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
 (0.3 

Semiconductor Equipment 

PIVOTAL SYSTEMS CORP.
 (9.8 

Semiconductor Equipment 

REVASUM, INC.
 (22.7 

Semiconductor Equipment 

SILICON GENESIS CORP.
 (1.1 

Intellectual Property 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 56 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

SVXR, INC.
 (0.0 

Semiconductor Equipment 

UCT COATINGS, INC.
 (0.6 

Advanced Materials 

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.
 (24.5 

Automotive 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 57 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.
 (continued) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 58 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Schedule of Investments - continued

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PORTFOLIO 
COMPANY OF NET 
ASSETS) 
AND INDUSTRY 
 TYPE OF INVESTMENT 
 
 ACQUISITION DATE 

SHARES/PAR 
VALUE ) 

COST BASIS 

VALUE 

INVESTMENT COMPANY
 (0.7 

TOTAL INVESTMENTS (Cost 145,228,559) 96.2 

OTHER ASSETS IN EXCESS OF LIABILITIES 3.8 

NET ASSETS 100.0 

CDI 

CHESS Depositary Interests

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 59 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2020 

INVESTMENT INCOME 

Unaffiliated dividends 

Unaffiliated interest 

Affiliated/controlled interest 

() 

Foreign tax withholding 

TOTAL INVESTMENT INCOME 

() 

EXPENSES 

Investment advisory fees (Note 4) 

Administration fees 

Custody fees 

Transfer agent fees 

Registration and filing fees 

Professional fees 

Printing fees 

Trustees fees 

Compliance fees 

Miscellaneous fees 

TOTAL GROSS EXPENSES 

NET INVESTMENT INCOME/(LOSS), BEFORE TAXES 

() 

Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments: 

Net realized gains (losses) from security transactions on: 

Affiliated/controlled 

() 

() 

Non-affiliated/controlled and other assets 

() 

Foreign currency 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

Net realized gains (losses), net of deferred taxes 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Non-affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Affiliated/controlled investments and foreign currency 

() 

() 

() 

Affiliated/controlled warrants investments (1) 

() 

Deferred tax benefit/(expenses) 

() 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation), net of deferred taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net Realized and Unrealized (Loss) on Investments, Net of Deferred Taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net Decrease In Net Assets Resulting From Operations, Net of Deferred Taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net Decrease In Net Assets Per Share Resulting From Operations (2) 

() 

() 

() 

(1) 

(2) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 60 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2020 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in Net Assets resulting from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in Net Assets derived from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of investments 

Net purchases/sales from short-term investments 

() 

Increase (decrease) in dividends, interest, and reclaims receivable 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in due to custodian 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable to affiliates 

Increase (decrease) in other assets 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other payables 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in deferred tax benefit 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 

() 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investments, other assets, and warrants transactions 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Cost of shares repurchased 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash and foreign currency - beginning of year 

Cash and foreign currency - end of year 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 61 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2020 

FROM OPERATIONS: 

Net investment (loss) income, net of deferred taxes 

() 

Net realized gain (loss) from security transactions, foreign currency and warrants transactions, net of deferred taxes 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) on investments and warrants transactions, net of deferred taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net decrease in net assets from operations 

() 

() 

() 

FROM CAPITAL SHARE TRANSACTIONS: 

Value for shares repurchased 

() 

TOTAL DECREASE IN NET ASSETS 

() 

() 

() 

NET ASSETS: 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

COMMON STOCK ACTIVITY: 

Shares repurchased 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in shares outstanding 

() 

Shares outstanding, beginning of year 

Shares outstanding, end of year 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 62 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Financial Highlights 
 Selected per share data and ratios for a share outstanding throughout each year 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2020 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2019 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2018 

Net asset value at beginning of year 

Income from investment operations: 

Net investment income (loss), before deferred taxes 

() 

(1) 

(1) 

(1) 

() (1) 

Deferred tax benefit 

() 

Net investment gain (losses) 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments, before deferred taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred tax expense 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments, after deferred taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total from investment operations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions from: 

Realized capital gains 

() 

Anti-dilutive effect from capital share transactions 

Net asset value at end of year 

Market value at end of year 

Total Return 

Based on Net Asset Value 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Based on Market Value 

() 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 63 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Consolidated Financial Highlights - continued 
 Selected per share data and ratios for a share outstanding throughout each year 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2022 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2021 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2020 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2019 

FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 
DECEMBER 31, 
2018 

Net assets at end of year (millions) 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets: 

Before tax (benefit)/expense 

() (2) 

(2) 

Deferred tax (benefit)/expense (3)(4) 

(5) 

() 

Total expenses 

() (2) 

(2) 

Total expenses, excluding incentive fees and deferred tax expense 

Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets: 

Before tax benefit 

() 

(2) 

() (2) 

Deferred tax benefit (4)(6) 

() 

Net investment income (loss) 

() 

() 

Portfolio turnover rate 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

(6) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements
 
 64 

Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

million. The fair values of our venture capital investments were also determined by the Advisor as the valuation designee. Upon sale of these investments, the values that are ultimately realized may be different from what is presently estimated. The difference could be material. Also see note 6 regarding the fair value of the company s investments.

in restricted securities. At December 31, 2021, we held in restricted securities.

during the year ended December 31, 2022. There was interest adjustment during the year ended December 31, 2021.

The average quarterly volume of the Company s derivatives during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:

(2)	 

the Valuation Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis reviews the preliminary valuation of the Advisor s Valuation Committee and that of the independent valuation firms and makes the fair value determination, in good faith, based on the valuation recommendations of the Advisor s Valuation Committee and the independent valuation firms; and

(3)	 

at each quarterly Board meeting, the Board considers the valuations recommended by the Advisor s Valuation Committee and the independent valuation firms that were previously submitted to the Valuation Committee of the Board and ratifies the fair value determinations made by the Valuation Committee of the Board.

of our gross assets. For services rendered under the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee will be payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee will be calculated based on the average of (1) the value of our gross assets at the end of the current calendar quarter and (2) the value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the preceding calendar quarter; and will be appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter will be pro-rated.

The incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing on April 15, 2011, and equals 20 of the Company s realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fees, provided that the incentive fee determined as of December 31, 2022, will be calculated for a period of shorter than twelve calendar months to take into account any realized gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation from inception. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were incentive fee adjustments. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there were incentive fee adjustments. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there were incentive fee adjustments.

Securities traded in the over-the-counter market, but not quoted by NASDAQ, are valued at the last sale price (or, if the last sale price is not readily available, at the most recent closing bid price as quoted by brokers that make markets in the securities) at the close of trading on the NYSE.

Securities traded both in the over-the-counter market and on a stock exchange are valued according to the broadest and most representative market.

Securities and other assets that do not have market quotations readily available are valued at their fair value as determined by FCM, as the Board s valuation designee under SEC rule 2a-5. Those valuations are determined in accordance with the Valuation Procedures used by FCM, subject to oversight by the Board.

In pricing illiquid, privately placed securities, FCM, as the valuation designee, is responsible for (1) determining overall valuation guidelines and (2) ensuring that the investments of the Company are valued within the prescribed guidelines.

FCM and the Board receive information and recommendations from an independent valuation firm.

The values assigned to these investments are based on available information and do not necessarily represent amounts that might ultimately be realized when that investment is sold, as such amounts depend on future circumstances and cannot reasonably be determined until the individual investments are actually liquidated or become readily marketable.

APPROACHES TO DETERMINING FAIR VALUE. GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). In effect, GAAP applies fair value terminology to all valuations whereas the 1940 Act applies market value terminology to readily marketable assets and fair value terminology to other assets.

The main approaches to measuring fair value utilized are the market approach, the income approach, and the asset-based approach. The choice of which approach to use in a particular situation depends on the specific facts and circumstances associated with the company, as well as the purpose for which the valuation analysis is being conducted. Firsthand and the independent valuation firm rely primarily on the market approach. We also considered the income and asset-based approaches in our analysis because certain of the portfolio companies do not have substantial operating earnings relative to the value of their underlying assets.

-	 

Market Approach (M): The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. For example, the market approach often uses market multiples derived from a set of comparables. Multiples might lie in ranges with a different multiple for each comparable. The selection of where within the range each appropriate multiple falls requires the use of judgment in considering factors specific to the measurement (qualitative and quantitative).

-	 

Income Approach (I): The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present value amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. Those valuation techniques include present value techniques; option-pricing models, such as the Black-Scholes-Merton formula (a closed-form model) and a binomial model (a lattice model), which incorporate present value techniques; and the multi-period excess earnings method, which is used to measure the fair value of certain assets.

-	 

Asset-Based Approach (A): The asset-based approach examines the value of a company s assets net of its liabilities to derive a value for the equity holders.

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT. In accordance with the guidance from the Financial Accounting Standards Board on fair value measurements and disclosures under GAAP, the Company discloses the fair value of its investments in a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure the fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to valuations based upon unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to valuations based upon unobservable inputs that are significant to the valuation (Level 3 measurements).

The guidance establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows:

Level 1 - 

Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the date of measurement.

Level 2 - 

Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These inputs may include quoted prices for the identical instrument in an inactive market, prices for similar instruments in an active or inactive market, interest rates, prepayment speeds, credit risks, yield curves, default rates, and similar data.

Level 3 - 

Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, to the extent relevant observable inputs are not available, representing the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in valuing the asset or liability based on the best information available.

The availability of observable inputs can vary from security to security and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets, and other characteristics particular to the security. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3.

The inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls in its entirety, is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.

The inputs or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. The following is a summary of the inputs used to value the Company s net assets as of December 31, 2022:

Automotive 

Equipment Leasing 

Intellectual Property 

Semiconductor Equipment 

Total Common Stocks 

ASSETS (continued) 
 
 LEVEL 1 
QUOTED PRICES 

LEVEL 2 OTHER 
SIGNIFICANT 
OBSERVABLE INPUTS 

LEVEL 3 SIGNIFICANT 
OBSERVABLE INPUTS 

Preferred Stocks 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

Equipment Leasing 

Intellectual Property 

Total Preferred Stocks 

Asset Derivatives 

Equity Contracts 

Total Asset Derivatives 

Convertible Notes 

Advanced Materials 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

Medical Devices 

Total Convertible Notes 

Mutual Funds 

Total 

Asset derivatives include warrants.

At the end of each calendar quarter, management evaluates the Level 2 and Level 3 assets and liabilities for changes in liquidity, including but not limited to: whether a broker is willing to execute at the quoted price, the depth and consistency of prices from third party services, and the existence of contemporaneous, observable trades in the market. Additionally, management evaluates the Level 1 and Level 2 assets and liabilities on a quarterly basis for changes in listings or delistings on national exchanges.

The following is a summary of the inputs used to value the Company s net assets as of December 31, 2021.

ASSETS 
 
 LEVEL 1 
QUOTED PRICES 

LEVEL 2 OTHER 
SIGNIFICANT 
OBSERVABLE INPUTS 

LEVEL 3 SIGNIFICANT 
UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS 

Common Stocks 

Advanced Materials 

Automotive 

Equipment Leasing 

Intellectual Property 

Semiconductor Equipment 

Total Common Stocks 

ASSETS (continued) 
 
 LEVEL 1 
QUOTED PRICES 

LEVEL 2 OTHER 
SIGNIFICANT 
OBSERVABLE INPUTS 

LEVEL 3 SIGNIFICANT 
UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS 

Preferred Stocks 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

Equipment Leasing 

Intellectual Property 

Medical Devices 

Semiconductor Equipment 

Total Preferred Stocks 

Asset Derivatives 

Equity Contracts 

Total Asset Derivatives 

Convertible Notes 

Advanced Materials 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

Medical Devices 

Total Convertible Notes 

Mutual Funds 

Total 

Asset derivatives include warrants.

Following is a reconciliation of Level 3 assets (at either the beginning or the ending of the period) for which significant unobservable inputs were used to determine fair value.

() 

Automotive 

() 

Equipment Leasing 

() 

Intellectual Property 

() 

Total Common Stocks 

() 

Preferred Stocks 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

() 

Equipment Leasing 

() 

() 

Intellectual Property 

() 

Medical Devices 

() 

Semiconductor Equipment 

() 

Total Preferred Stocks 

() 

() 

Asset Derivatives 

Equity Contracts 

Total Asset Derivatives 

Convertible Notes 

Advanced Materials 

Aerospace 

() 

Automotive 

() 

Medical Devices 

() 

Total Convertible Notes 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

(1) 

Following is a reconciliation of Level 3 assets (at either the beginning or the ending of the period) for which significant unobservable inputs were used to determine fair value.

INVESTMENTS AT FAIR 
VALUE USING SIGNIFICANT 
UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS 
(LEVEL 3) 
 
 BALANCE 
AS OF 
12/31/20 

NET 
PURCHASES/ 
CONVERSIONS 

NET SALES/ 
CONVERSIONS 

NET 
REALIZED 
GAINS/ 
(LOSSES) 

NET 
UNREALIZED 
APPRECIATION 
(DEPRECIATION) (1) 

TRANSFERS 
IN (OUT) OF 
LEVEL 3 

BALANCE 
AS OF 
12/31/2021 

Common Stocks 

Advanced Materials 

() 

Automotive 

() 

Equipment Leasing 

Intellectual Property 

() 

Total Common Stocks 

() 

Preferred Stocks 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

() 

Equipment Leasing 

() 

Intellectual Property 

() 

Medical Devices 

() 

Semiconductor Equipment 

() 

Total Preferred Stocks 

() 

() 

Asset Derivatives 

Equity Contracts 

Total Asset Derivatives 

Convertible Notes 

Advanced Materials 

Aerospace 

Automotive 

Medical Devices 

Total Convertible Notes 

Total 

() 

() 

(1) 

The table below represents quantitative disclosure about significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2022:

M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Option Pricing Model 
 EBITDA Multiple (3) 
 Revenue Multiple (3) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Discount for Lack of Marketability (4) 
 5.7x - 7.6x (6.7x)
 0.7x 1.0x (0.9x)
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 3.99 (3.99 22.7 (22.7 

Direct venture capital investments: Aerospace 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Option Pricing Model 
 EBITDA Multiple (3) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 
 5.2x (5.2x)
 5 years (5 years)
 60.0 (60.0 3.99 (3.99 

Direct venture capital investments: Automotive 
 M 
 Prior Transaction Analysis
 Option Pricing Model
 Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Discount for Lack of Marketability (4) 
 Going Concern Probability (3) 
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 3.99 (3.99 0.0 - 22.7 (0.0 10 (10 

Direct venture capital investments: Equipment Leasing 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Liquidation Value
 Option Pricing Model 
 EBITDA Multiple (3) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 2.6x 3.5x (3.2x)
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 3.99 (3.99 

Direct venture capital investments: Intellectual Property 
 M 
 Discounted Cash Flow
 Option Pricing Model
 
 Weighted Average Cost of Capital (4) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Discount for Lack of Marketability (4) 
 12.5 (12.5 5 years (5 years)
 55.0 (55.0 3.99 (3.99 0.0 - 24.3 (0.0 

Direct venture capital investments: Medical Devices 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 
 Revenue Multiple (3) 
 
 2.2x 2.5x (2.3x) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

Changes in any of our unobservable inputs, individually, may change the fair value of certain of the Company s investments.

Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that the Company may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the Company was required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, it could realize significantly less than the value at which the Company has recorded it.

In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the valuations currently assigned. The below chart represents quantitative disclosure about significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2021:

FAIR 
VALUE AT 
12/31/21 
 VALUATION TECHNIQUES (1) 
 UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS 
 RANGE 
(WEIGHTED AVG.) (2) 

Direct venture capital investments: Advanced Materials 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Option Pricing Model 
 EBITDA Multiple (3) 
 Revenue Multiple (3) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Discount for Lack of Marketability (4) 
 8.0x - 9.4x (8.7x)
 1.0x (1.0x)
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 1.26 (1.26 22.7 (22.7 

Direct venture capital investments: Aerospace 
 M 
 Prior Transaction Analysis
 Option Pricing Model
 Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Going Concern Probability (3) 
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 1.26 (1.26 25 (25 

Direct venture capital investments: Automotive 
 M 
 Prior Transaction Analysis
 Option Pricing Model
 Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Discount for Lack of Marketability (4) 
 Going Concern Probability (3) 
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 1.26 (1.26 0.0 - 22.7 (0.0 10 (10 

Direct venture capital investments: Equipment Leasing 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Discounted Cash Flow
 Option Pricing Model 
 EBITDA Multiple (3) 
 Weighted Average Cost of Capital (4) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 3.7x - 8.4x (5.8x)
 20.0 (20.0 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 1.26 (1.26 

continued 
 FAIR 
VALUE AT 
12/31/21 
 VALUATION TECHNIQUES (1) 
 UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS 
 RANGE 
(WEIGHTED AVG.) (2) 

Direct venture capital investments: Intellectual Property 
 M 
 Discounted Cash Flow
 Option Pricing Model 
 Weighted Average Cost of Capital (4) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 Discount for Lack of Marketability (4) 
 12.5 (12.5 5 years (5 years)
 55.0 (55.0 1.26 (1.26 0.0 - 24.3 (0.0 

Direct venture capital investments: Medical Devices 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Option Pricing Model 
 Revenue Multiple (3) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 3.8x (3.8x)
 4 years (4 years)
 55.0 (55.0 1.12 (1.12 

Direct venture capital investments:
 Semiconductor
 Equipment 
 M 
 Market Comparable Companies
 Option Pricing Model 
 Revenue Multiple (3) 
 Years to Maturity (3) 
 Volatility (3) 
 Risk-Free Rate (3) 
 2.2x 2.6x (2.4x)
 5 years (5 years)
 50.0 (50.0 1.26 (1.26 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

The following information is based upon the U.S. federal income tax cost of portfolio investments as of December 31, 2022.

Gross unrealized depreciation 

() 

Net unrealized (depreciation) 

() 

Federal income tax cost, Investments 

The Company did not qualify as a regulated investment company pursuant to Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, therefore it is taxed as a corporation. As a corporation, the Company is obligated to pay federal and state income tax on taxable income. The Company s net deferred tax asset balance has a full valuation allowance based on management s estimate of future realization of such assets. The Company is currently using an estimated tax rate of for Federal and for state taxes.

The Company s income tax provision consists of the following as of December 31:

State 

Total deferred tax (expense)/benefit 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Such temporary differences are principally: (i) taxes on unrealized gains/(losses), which are attributable to the temporary difference between fair market value and tax basis, and (ii) the net tax benefit of accumulated net operating losses and capital loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using effective tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years such temporary differences are realized or otherwise settled.

Components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows:

Capital loss carryforward 

Net unrealized losses (gains) on investment securities 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had an effective tax rate of and a statutory tax rate of with state income tax) with the difference being attributable to changes in the components of the deferred tax assets and the valuation allowance account.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had an effective tax rate of and a statutory tax rate of with the difference primarily being attributable to changes to the total gross deferred tax asset valuation account.

To the extent the Company has a deferred tax asset or if a portion of the deferred tax liability is offset by a tax asset resulting from net operating losses, consideration is given to whether or not a valuation allowance is required against the deferred tax asset amount. A valuation allowance is required if, based on the evaluation criterion provided by Accounting Standard Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740), it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Among the factors considered in assessing the Company s valuation allowance are: the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of the statutory carryforward periods, and the associated risks that operating and capital loss carryforwards may expire unused. Based on the Company s assessment, it has determined that in the future it is more likely than not that the Company will not generate the necessary appropriate character of income within the carryforward periods to realize its deferred tax assets, and as such, has placed a full allowance on the deferred tax assets.

From time to time, and as new information becomes available, the Company will modify its forecasts, estimates or assumptions regarding its deferred tax liability or asset.

Modifications of the Company s estimates or assumptions regarding its deferred tax liability and/or asset balances and any applicable valuation allowance, changes in generally accepted accounting principles or related guidance or interpretations thereof, limitations imposed on net operating losses (if any), and changes in applicable tax law could result in increases or decreases in the Company s NAV, which could be material. Such changes could have a material impact on the Company s NAV and results of operations with respect to the Company s shareholders in the period it is recorded, even though the shareholders at such time might not have held shares in the Company at the time the deferred tax asset or liability had been established.

The Company s policy is to classify interest and penalties associated with underpayment of federal and state income taxes, if any, as income tax expense on its Statement of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any interest or penalties associated with the underpayment of any income taxes.

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and California. The Company has reviewed all major jurisdictions and concluded that there is no significant impact on the Company s net assets and no tax liability resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain tax positions expected to be taken on its tax returns. Furthermore, management of the Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next 12 months.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state of income tax purposes of , which may be carried forward indefinitely.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net capital loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes, which may be carried forward for years, as follows:

Total 

Proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities 

The Fund may purchase securities from, or sell securities to, an affiliated Fund under specific conditions outlined in procedures adopted by the Board. The procedures have been designed to ensure that any purchase or sale of securities by the Funds from or to another Fund or portfolio that is or could be considered an affiliate by virtue of having a common investment advisor (or affiliated investment advisors), common Trustees, and/or common officers complies with Rule 17a-7 of the 1940 Act. Further, as defined under the procedures, each transaction is effected at the current market price. Pursuant to these procedures, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Firsthand Technology Value Fund and the Firsthand Technology Opportunities Fund engaged in the following securities purchases and sales:

Firsthand Technology Opportunities Fund 

shares of stock, at a total cost of approximately million.

On November 10, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Fund approved a discretionary share purchase plan (the Plan ). Pursuant to the Plan, the Fund was authorized to purchase in the open market up to million worth of its common stock. The Plan allowed the Fund to acquire its own shares in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The intent of the Plan was to increase NAV per share and thereby enhance shareholder value. As of December 31, 2017, the Fund had repurchased and retired shares of stock at a total cost of approximately million. The Fund had shares outstanding as of December 31, 2017.

On August 31, 2018, the Fund announced a plan to repurchase up to million worth of SVVC stock in the open market by March 31, 2019. The Fund completed this open market repurchase plan on October 24, 2018. Through that date, the Fund repurchased shares at an average price of per share, for total consideration of million. As of December 31, 2018, the Fund had shares outstanding.

TENDER OFFERS. On December 22, 2014, pursuant to our agreement with a shareholder, the Fund commenced a tender offer to purchase up to million of its issued and outstanding common shares for cash at a price per share equal to 95 of the Company s NAV per share determined as of the close of ordinary trading on the NASDAQ Global Market on December 31, 2014 per share). The tender offer, which expired on January 22, 2015 at 12:00 midnight, 

New York City time, was oversubscribed. Because the number of shares tendered exceeded the maximum amount of its offer, the Fund purchased shares from tendering shareholders on a pro-rata basis based on the number of shares properly tendered. 

On December 16, 2019, the Fund announced the commencement of a modified Dutch auction tender offer to purchase up to million of its common stock at a price per share not less than 6.00 and not greater than 8.00, in 0.10 increments. The tender offer expired on , and resulted in the purchase by the Fund of shares of common stock at a price of per share. As of March 31, 2020, the Fund had shares outstanding.

() 

EQX Capital, Inc. Series A Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

Total Equipment Leasing 

() 

Aerospace 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

83 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series A Preferred 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Preferred 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series C Preferred 

Total Aerospace 

Medical Devices 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

84 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

85 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Series C Preferred 

() 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Term Note 

() 

Total Medical Devices 

() 

() 

Semiconductor Equipment 

Pivotal Systems Corp. CDI (1) 

() 

() 

SVXR, Inc. Series A Preferred Stock 

() 

Revasum, Inc. CDI (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Total Semiconductor Equipment 

() 

() 

Intellectual Property 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Common Stock 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Common Warrants 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Series 1-C Preferred Stock 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Series 1-D Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Series 1-E Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Series 1-F Preferred 

() 

86 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Series 1-G Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp. Series 1-H Preferred 

() 

Total Intellectual Property 

() 

Advanced Materials 

UCT Coatings, Inc. Common Stock 

() 

Total Advanced Materials 

() 

Automotive 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Common Stock 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

87 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Convertible Note 

() 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Series AA Preferred 

() 

88 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/21 

PURCHASE/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/22 

SHARES HELD 
AT 12/31/22 

Wrightspeed, Inc. Series AA Warrants 

() 

Total Automotive 

() 

() 

Total Affiliates and Controlled Investments 

() 

() 

() 

Total Affiliates 

() 

Total Controlled Investments 

() 

() 

(1) 

A summary of the Company s investments in affiliates and controlled investments for the period from December 31, 2020, through December 31, 2021, is noted below:

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/20 

PURCHASES/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/21 

SHARES 
HELD AT 
12/31/21 

EQX Capital, Inc. Common Stock 

EQX, Inc. Preferred Stock - Series A 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series C Preferred 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series A Preferred 

() 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/20 

PURCHASES/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/21 

SHARES 
HELD AT 
12/31/21 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Convertible Note 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Preferred 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

Hera Systems, Inc. Series B Warrants 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Series C Preferred 

() 

90 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/20 

PURCHASES/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/21 

SHARES 
HELD AT 
12/31/21 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

91 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/20 

PURCHASES/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/21 

SHARES 
HELD AT 
12/31/21 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Term Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Term Note 

IntraOp Medical Corp. Convertible Note 

Pivotal Systems CDI (1) 

() 

() 

Revasum, Inc. CDI (1) 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Common Stock 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Common Warrants 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Common Warrants 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Common Warrants 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Series 1-C Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Series 1-D Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Series 1-E Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Series 1-F Preferred 

() 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Series 1-G Preferred 

() 

92 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/20 

PURCHASES/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/21 

SHARES 
HELD AT 
12/31/21 

Silicon Genesis Corp., Series 1-H Preferred 

() 

SVXR, Inc., Preferred Stock Series A 

() 

UCT Coatings, Inc.Common Stock 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Common Stock 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Common Stock Warrants 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

93 

AFFILIATE/ 
CONTROLLED 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 VALUE AT 
12/31/20 

PURCHASES/ 
MERGER 

INTEREST 

SALES/ 
MATURITY/ 
EXPIRATION 

REALIZED 
GAIN (LOSS) 

CHANGE IN 
APPRECIATION/ 
DEPRECIATION 

VALUE 
12/31/21 

SHARES 
HELD AT 
12/31/21 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Convertible Note 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Preferred Stock- Series AA 

() 

Wrightspeed, Inc., Preferred Stock Warrants- Series AA 

() 

Total Affiliates and Controlled Investments 

() 

Total Affiliates 

() 

Total Controlled Investments 

() 

(1) 

As of December 31, 2022, Kevin Landis, the Company s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, represented the Company and sat on the boards of directors of Hera Systems, Inc.; IntraOp Medical Corp.; Revasum, Inc.; Silicon Genesis Corp.; and Wrightspeed, Inc. Serving on boards of directors of portfolio companies may cause conflicts of interest. The Advisor has adopted various procedures to ensure that the Company will not be unfavorably affected by these potential conflicts.

Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries

Our investments are generally in small companies in a variety of industries. In accordance with Rules 3-09 and 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X Rule 3-09 and Rule 4-08(g), respectively), we must determine which of our unconsolidated controlled portfolio companies are considered significant subsidiaries, if any. In evaluating these investments, there are three tests utilized to determine if any of our controlled investments are considered significant subsidiaries: the investment test, the asset test, and the income test. Rule 3-09 requires separate audited financial statements of an unconsolidated majority-owned subsidiary in an annual report if any of the three tests exceeds 20 . Rule 4-08(g) requires summarized financial information in an annual report if any of the three tests exceeds 10 and summarized financial information in a quarterly report if any of the three tests exceeds 20 .

As of December 31, 2022, our investments in IntraOp Medical Corp. IntraOp and Wrightspeed, Inc. Wrightspeed exceeded the 20 significance threshold in at least one of the tests under Rule 3-09 (the Rule ). The Rule requires audited financial statements be attached as exhibits to the Form 10-K. However, because Wrightspeed s audited financial statements are not yet available, summarized financial statement information will be provided as noted below which is a requirement of Rule 4-08(g) for investments that exceed 10 of one of the significance tests.

WRIGHTSPEED, INC.

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Non-controlling interest 

INCOME STATEMENT DATA FOR THE YEARS ENDED: 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 

Revenue 

Gross Profits 

Income/(loss) from operations 
 	 ) 
 	 ) 
 	 ) 

Total net income/(loss) including net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 	 ) 
 	 ) 
 	 ) 

Net Income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

As of December 31, 2022, Revasum, Inc. Revasum and Hera Systems, Inc. Hera exceeded the 10 threshold (but less than 20 in at least one of the three tests under Rule 4-08(g). Accordingly, summarized financial information is presented below for Hera and Revasum.

HERA SYSTEMS, INC.

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Non-controlling interest 

INCOME STATEMENT DATA FOR THE YEARS ENDED: 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 

Revenue 

Gross Profits 

Income/(loss) from operations 
 	 
 ) 
 ) 

Total net income/(loss) including net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 	 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

REVASUM, INC.

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Non-controlling interest 

INCOME STATEMENT DATA FOR THE YEARS ENDED: 
 1/1/2023 
 1/2/2022 
 1/3/2021 

Revenue 

Gross Profits 

Income/(loss) from operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Total net income/(loss) including net income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Net Income/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

thousand were sold. Included in the sale of private securities is the sale of all the securities of Silicon Genesis Corp. held by the Fund. 

96 

Item 9. Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure

None

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022, and, based on that evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Our management evaluated as of December 31, 2022, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Tait, Weller Baker LLP, issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which appears on page 41 herein.

INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures.

97 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

None

Part III

Item 10. Directors, Executives Officers And Corporate Governance

Information required by this item will be contained in the Company s proxy statement to be filed with the SEC, in connection with the Company s annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which information is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to the Company s chief executive officer, a copy of which is posted on our website http://www.firsthandtvf.com.

Our CEO certifies the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports, and so certified in this Form 10-K through the filing of Section 302 certifications as exhibits to this Form 10-K.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Nasdaq Stock Market reports of ownership of the Company s securities and changes in reported ownership. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.

Based solely on a review of the reports furnished to the Company, or written representations from reporting persons that all reportable transaction were reported, the Company believes that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s officers, directors and greater than ten percent owners timely filed all reports they were required to file under Section 16(a).

Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information required by this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Information required by this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

98 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information required by this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Information required by this item will be contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Part IV

I tem 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules

1. Financial Statements

The following financial statements of the Company are filed as part of this report:

AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 39 

Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 
 43 

Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 44 

Statement of Operations as of December 31, 2022 
 60 

Statement of Cash Flows as of December 31, 2022 
 61 

Statement of Changes in Net Assets as of December 31, 2022 
 62 

Financial Highlights 
 63 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 65 

99 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

FIRSTHAND TECHNOLOGY VALUE FUND, INC. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 

Kevin Landis
 President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kevin Landis 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Kevin Landis 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Greg Burglin 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Kimun Lee 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Nicholas Petredis 

Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Rodney Yee 

Signed by Kevin Landis pursuant to powers of attorney.

100 

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit Number 
 Descriptions 
 
 3.1 
 Registrant s Articles of Amendment and Restatement are incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) of Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-168195) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2010. 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Correction to Registrant s Articles of Amendment and Restatement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(2) of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-179606) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2012. 
 
 3.3 
 Registrant s Amended and Restated Bylaws is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 29, 2021. 
 
 10.1 
 Registrant s Dividend Reinvestment Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) of Pre-Effective Amendment to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-168195) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2010. 
 
 10.2 
 Form of Investment Management Agreement between Registrant and SiVest Group, Inc. (now known as Firsthand Capital Management, Inc.) is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (g) of Pre-Effective Amendment to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-168195) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2010. 
 
 10.3 
 Form of Custodian Services Agreement between Registrant and PFPC Trust Company is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) of Pre-Effective Amendment to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-168195) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2010. 
 
 10.4 
 Form of Administration and Accounting Agreement between Registrant and BNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US), Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(1) of Pre-Effective Amendment to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-168195) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2010. 
 
 10.4.1 
 Form of Amendment to Administration and Accounting Agreement between Registrant and BNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US), Inc. as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2019. 
 
 10.5 
 Notice of Assignment dated February 9, 2011 by PFPC Trust Company assigning Custodian Services Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j)(2) of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-179606) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21, 2012. 
 
 10.6 
 Form of Transfer Agency Services Agreement between Registrant and BNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US), Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit (k)(2) of Pre-Effective Amendment to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-168195) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 2010. 
 
 14.1 
 Registrant s Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2012. 
 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 24 to the Registrant s Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2012. 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. filed herewith. 

101 

Exhibit Number 
 Descriptions 
 
 99.1 
 Separate Financial Statements of IntraOp Medical Corporation filed pursuant to Rule 3-09 and 4-08(g) of regulation S-X-filed herewith. 

102 

Privacy Notice
 
 FIRSTHAND TECHNOLOGY VALUE FUND, INC.

FACTS 
 WHAT DOES FIRSTHAND TECHNOLOGY VALUE FUND, INC. DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 

Why? 
 Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. 

What? 
 The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
 
 Social Security number 
 Banking information 
 Account transactions 
 Retirement assets 

How? 
 All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers personal information; the reasons Firsthand Capital management, Inc. chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. 

Reasons we can share your personal information 
 Does Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. share? 
 Can you limit this sharing? 

For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations 
 Yes 
 No 

For our marketing purposes to offer our products and services to you 
 No 
 N/A 

For joint marketing with other financial companies 
 No 
 N/A 

For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your transactions and experiences 
 No 
 N/A 

For our affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness 
 No 
 N/A 

For our affiliates to market to you 
 No 
 N/A 

For nonaffiliates to market to you 
 No 
 N/A 

Who we are 

Who is providing this notice? 
 Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. is a publicly traded venture capital fund, listed on NASDAQ, that is a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 

What we do 

How does Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. protect my personal information? 
 To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. 

How does Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. collect my personal information? 
 We collect your personal information, for example, when you
 
 open an account or deposit money 

Why can t I limit all sharing? 
 Federal law gives you the right to limit only
 
 sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness 
 affiliates from using your information to market to you 
 sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. 

Definitions 

Affiliates 
 Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
 
 Firsthand Capital Management, Inc. and Firsthand Funds 

Nonaffiliates 
 Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
 
 BNY Mellon Investment Servicing (U.S.) Inc. (Transfer Agent for Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. and Firsthand
 Funds) 

Joint marketing 
 A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. 

Other important information 

This notice applies to individual consumers who are customers or former customers. This notice replaces all previous notices of our consumer privacy policy, and may be amended at any time. We will keep you informed of changes or amendments as required by law. 

Additional Information for California Residents 

This section supplements the information contained in the other sections of this Privacy Notice and applies solely to clients, visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of California consumers or you and for whom we have data that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as may be amended or supplemented from time to time CCPA ). This Privacy Notice, including this additional information, is provided to comply with the CCPA and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section.
 Depending upon how you interact with us, you may have various rights in connection with our processing of your personal information, each of which is explained below.
 	 Access. You may have the right to confirm with us whether your personal information is processed, and if it is, to request access to that personal information including the categories of personal information processed, the purpose of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. We do have to consider the interests of others though, so this is not an absolute right and there are additional exceptions under the CCPA. Also, we are not obligated to respond to more than two access requests for the same individual s personal information within a 12-month period.
 	 Deletion. You may have the right to ask us to erase personal information concerning you, except we are not obligated to do so if we need to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims or under other exceptions under the CCPA.
 You have a right to receive non-discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
 To exercise one or more of these rights, please contact us as explained below. Please note that we may need to verify your identity before we can fulfill your request.
 	You can submit your request by calling us at (800) 331-1710.
 When we tell you that we need additional information to verify your identity, you must get us the information within ten (10) calendar days or we may deny your request. We will endeavor to respond to a verified request within 45 days, unless there are grounds for extending our response timeframe by up to an additional 45 days. In the event of an extension, we will explain to you why the extension is necessary. In some cases, your ability to access or delete your personal information will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law, even when the CCPA applies to the personal information we have for you. 

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

<EX-31>
 2
 fp0081632-2_ex311.htm

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

I, Kevin Landis, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Firsthand Technology
Value Fund, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
or a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
control and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Kevin Landis 

Name: Kevin Landis 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 Dated: March 31, 2023 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

I, Omar Billawala, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Firsthand Technology
Value Fund, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
or a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
control and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Omar Billawala 

Name: Omar Billawala 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 Dated: March 31, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 fp0081632-2_ex321.htm

Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Firsthand Technology Value Fund, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Kevin Landis and Omar Billawala, as Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 134; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Kevin Landis 

Name: Kevin Landis 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 Dated: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Omar Billawala 

Name: Omar Billawala 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 Dated: March 31, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 4
 fp0081632-2_ex991.htm

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT 

 SEPTEMBER 30,
2022 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR S REPORT 
 1 2 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 36 

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 

Board of Directors 

 IntraOp Medical Corporation 

Opinion 

 We have audited the consolidated financial
statements of IntraOp Medical Corporation (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2022 and 2021,
the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). 

In our opinion, the accompanying financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

 We conducted our audits in accordance
with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to
be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating
to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Substantial Doubt About the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has a net capital deficiency and has stated that substantial doubt exists about
the company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management's plans
regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Responsibilities of Management
for the Financial Statements 

 Management is responsible for the preparation
and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America, and for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

In preparing the financial statements,
management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or
available to be issued. 

160 West Santa Clara Street, Suite 600, San Jose, CA 95113 T: 408.294.3924 F: 408.295.3925 
 
 877.754.4557 

1 

Board of Directors 

 IntraOp Medical Corporation 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Financial Statements 

 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and
therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material
if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user
based on the financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS,
we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures
include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant
to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the
financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged
with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal
control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 

SingerLewak LLP 

March 24, 2023 

2 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 September 30, 2022 and 2021 

ASSETS 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 4,022,289 
 4,034,670 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 1,984,524 
 416,080 
 
 Inventories 
 3,560,876 
 1,134,870 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 807,965 
 563,485 

Total current assets 
 10,375,654 
 6,149,105 

Property and equipment, net 
 2,019,580 
 5,393,594 
 
 Property leased to others under operating leases 
 2,190,789 
 2,079,153 
 
 Restricted cash 
 44,244 
 44,190 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 80,000 
 1,382,224 
 
 Goodwill 
 4,746,994 
 4,746,994 

Total assets 
 19,457,261 
 19,795,260 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Related party notes payable, short-term 
 5,000,000 
 5,000,000 
 
 Related party convertible promissory notes, net of debt discount, short-term 
 22,511,141 
 18,557,665 
 
 Capital lease obligation, short-term 
 2,553,033 
 1,281,164 
 
 Accounts payable 
 1,836,564 
 1,770,991 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 12,428,070 
 7,653,018 
 
 Customer deposits 
 - 
 637,768 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 758,147 
 617,718 
 
 Deferred profit on sale leaseback, short-term 
 491,571 
 963,938 
 
 Derivative liability, short-term 
 9,132,497 
 6,412,484 

Total current liabilities 
 54,711,023 
 42,894,746 

Convertible promissory note, net of debt discount, long-term 
 2,288,691 
 2,154,135 
 
 Capital lease obligation, long-term 
 10,104,071 
 4,765,653 
 
 Deferred profit on sale leaseback, long-term 
 800,887 
 1,882,806 
 
 Deferred rent, long-term 
 37,002 
 2,957 
 
 Derivative liability, long-term 
 - 
 675,000 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 118,925 
 105,516 

Total liabilities 
 68,060,599 
 52,480,813 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders' deficit 

Convertible preferred stock, 0.00001 par value: 76,856,187 shares authorized: 

29,759,583 shares issued and outstanding (liquidation preference of 30,921,113) 
 298 
 298 
 
 Common stock, 0.00001 par value: 100,000,000 shares authorized; 

1,782,087 and 1,631,462 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 18 
 17 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 31,582,406 
 31,576,661 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (82,845,991 
 (67,388,605 
 
 Non-controlling interest in UK joint venture 
 2,659,931 
 3,126,076 

Total stockholders' deficit 
 (48,603,338 
 (32,685,553 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
 19,457,261 
 19,795,260 

See notes to financial statements. 

3 

INTRAOP
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 10,132,434 
 7,193,417 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 6,752,886 
 5,846,320 

Gross profit 
 3,379,548 
 1,347,097 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 1,926,676 
 1,760,924 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 3,671,228 
 3,811,432 
 
 General and administrative 
 4,864,391 
 4,963,246 

Total operating expenses 
 10,462,295 
 10,535,602 

Loss from operations 
 (7,082,747 
 (9,188,505 

Other income (expense): 

Other (expense)/income 
 (854,802 
 25,692 
 
 Loss on sale of property leased to others 
 (286,831 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale leaseback modification 
 (635,593 
 - 
 
 Profit on sale leaseback 
 986,594 
 1,449,057 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (1,070,013 
 (778,742 
 
 Payroll Protection Program loan forgiveness 
 - 
 493,600 
 
 Interest expense 
 (6,965,411 
 (5,135,060 

Total other expense 
 (8,826,056 
 (3,945,453 

Loss before provision for income taxes 
 (15,908,803 
 (13,133,958 

Income tax provision 
 (14,728 
 (14,558 

Net loss 
 (15,923,531 
 (13,148,516 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 (466,145 
 (39,847 

Net loss attributable to controlling interest 
 (15,457,386 
 (13,108,669 

See notes to financial statements. 

4 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 

Convertible 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Non controlling 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Balance, September 30, 2020 
 29,759,583 
 298 
 1,450,212 
 15 
 31,558,972 
 (54,279,936 
 3,165,923 
 (19,554,728 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 181,250 
 2 
 7,242 
 - 
 - 
 7,244 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,447 
 - 
 - 
 10,447 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (13,108,669 
 (39,847 
 (13,148,516 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2021 
 29,759,583 
 298 
 1,631,462 
 17 
 31,576,661 
 (67,388,605 
 3,126,076 
 (32,685,553 
 
 Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 150,625 
 1 
 902 
 - 
 - 
 903 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,843 
 - 
 - 
 4,843 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (15,457,386 
 (466,145 
 (15,923,531 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2022 
 29,759,583 
 298 
 1,782,087 
 18 
 31,582,406 
 (82,845,991 
 2,659,931 
 (48,603,338 

See notes to financial statements. 

5 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 (15,923,531 
 (13,148,516 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 1,331,172 
 1,859,224 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 1,302,224 
 1,302,223 
 
 Payroll Protection Program loan forgiveness 
 - 
 (493,600 
 
 Loss on sale leaseback modification 
 635,593 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of property leased to others 
 286,831 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 4,843 
 10,447 
 
 Deferred tax expense 
 13,409 
 13,408 
 
 Non-cash interest expense 
 1,193,618 
 817,835 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 1,070,013 
 778,742 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 (1,568,444 
 1,146,427 
 
 Inventories 
 (2,426,006 
 (2,171,877 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (244,480 
 (76,416 
 
 Property leased to others under operating leases 
 (398,467 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 
 65,573 
 (44,686 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 4,775,052 
 3,322,510 
 
 Customer deposits 
 (637,768 
 35,276 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 140,429 
 (417,652 
 
 Deferred profit on sale-leaseback 
 (130,392 
 100,073 
 
 Deferred rent 
 34,045 
 (44,280 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (10,476,286 
 (7,010,862 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 (16,645 
 (25,158 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (16,645 
 (25,158 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from related party convertible promissory notes 
 3,900,000 
 2,500,000 
 
 Proceeds from convertible promissory note 
 - 
 1,200,000 
 
 Proceeds from sale leasebacks 
 9,550,000 
 5,500,000 
 
 Repayments of capital lease 
 (2,970,299 
 (3,149,209 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 903 
 7,244 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 10,480,604 
 6,058,035 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (12,327 
 (977,985 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 4,034,670 
 5,012,677 
 
 Restricted cash, beginning of year 
 44,190 
 44,168 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 4,078,860 
 5,056,845 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 4,022,289 
 4,034,670 
 
 Restricted cash, end of year 
 44,244 
 44,190 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 4,066,533 
 4,078,860 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 1,067,735 
 1,038,919 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 800 
 800 

See notes to financial statements. 

6 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

IntraOp Medical Corporation (the Company ),
originally incorporated in Delaware in 2013, is a medical device company providing intraoperative radiation to ailing cancer patients. 

IntraOperative Electron Radiation Therapy IOERT is the administration of radiation while a patient is undergoing cancer surgery. The radiation is delivered as part
of the surgical procedure directly to a specified area (i.e. any residual breast tumor), while the surrounding healthy tissue is moved
aside, when possible. The IOERT is delivered through a device called Mobetron. Mobetron is the intraoperative device sold by the Company.
The Company is subject to a number of risks associated with companies at a similar stage including dependence on insurance companies,
dependence on a few customers, competition from substitute services and larger competitors. 

In April 2016, the Company established
a wholly owned subsidiary, IntraOp Europe GmbH, in Germany. 

In December 2018, the Company entered
into a joint venture with El Seif Holding UK Limited (El Seif) to form IntraOp UK Ltd. (the JV), incorporated in England and Wales. Ownership
is 50/50. The initial investment was 4,000,000 Great British Pounds (GBP) of which 1,000,000 was paid by the Company and 3,000,000 was
paid by El Seif Holding UK Limited. The JV will be the exclusive distributor of the Company in the UK. The Company evaluated the JV and
determined that consolidation of the JV was the proper treatment in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America US GAAP ), as the JV qualifies as a Variable Interest Entity (VIE) for which the Company was determined
to be the primary beneficiary. In connection with its investment in the JV, the Company recorded a bargain purchase gain of 651,986
representing the difference between its investment amount of 1 million GBP and its 50 share of the equity of the JV at formation. Included
in the non-controlling interest of El Seif is a 1 million GBP non-voting interest with priority in liquidation over the common shares.
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the joint venture. 

7 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2 GOING CONCERN 

As shown in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, the Company has suffered operating losses and negative cash flows from operations and as of September 30, 2022,
had an accumulated deficit of 82,845,991. The Company is dependent upon continued equity or debt financing to continue as a going concern
until such time as it can generate sufficient revenues and cash flows from operations. 

Management s plans in regard to
this matter consist principally of securing additional debt or equity funding combined with planned improvements in cash flows from operations
through revenue growth and cost controls. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

 The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America GAAP ). 

Reclassifications 

 Certain prior year amounts have been
reclassified in order to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the previously reported net
loss or accumulated deficit. 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. The Company s most significant estimates relate to: (i) the valuation of its common
stock, stock options and warrants, (ii) derivative liabilities, (iii) inventory valuation, (iv) accrual for warranty obligations and
(v) the valuation of acquired assets, including goodwill and intangibles. 

8 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Consolidation 

 The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of IntraOp Medical Corporation, its wholly owned subsidiary IntraOp Europe GmbH, and the joint venture IntraOp
UK Ltd. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Foreign Currency 

 The functional currency of IntraOp Europe
GmbH and IntraOp UK Ltd. is the U.S. Dollar. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are the result of exchange rate changes on
transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Monetary balances are remeasured at year end exchange rates
and non-monetary balances are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average rates of exchange
prevailing during the year. Remeasurement and foreign currency transaction gains/(losses) of 854,802) and 25,692 for the years ended
September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in other income (expense), net, in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with maturities of three (3) months or less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The carrying amount of cash
and cash equivalents approximates its fair value. 

Restricted Cash 

 At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had restricted cash of 44,244 and 44,190, respectively, which consisted of cash deposited in a money market account held to secure the
Company s credit card for both years. 

Stock-based Compensation 

 Stock-based compensation cost for stock
options is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award, determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and
is recognized as expense over the applicable vesting period of the stock award using the straight-line method for awards that are expected
to vest. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

 Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents are deposited
with federally insured commercial banks and cash balances may be in excess of federal insurance limits. Management believes that the financial
risks associated with its cash and cash equivalents are minimal as the Company s cash deposits are held at creditworthy commercial
banks. 

9 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued) 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 
(Continued) 

 The Company generally does not require collateral
or other security in support of accounts receivable and does not charge interest on past due balances. The Company performs ongoing credit
evaluations of its customers and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to ensure accounts receivables are not overstated due to
uncollectibility. Allowances are provided for individual accounts receivable when the Company becomes aware of a customer s inability
to meet its financial obligations, such as in the case of bankruptcy, deterioration in the customer s operating results or change
in financial position. If circumstances related to customers change, estimates of the recoverability of accounts receivable are further
adjusted. The Company also considers broader factors in evaluating the sufficiency of its allowances for doubtful accounts, including
the length of time receivables are past due, macroeconomic conditions, significant one-time events and historical experience. The Company
charges off uncollectible accounts receivable once all efforts to collect have been exhausted. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, there
was no allowance for doubtful accounts. 

The Company s product revenues consist
principally of Mobetron systems and related service and maintenance sold principally to hospitals and doctors offices, throughout
the United States, Europe, Middle East and Southeast Asia. 

Accounts receivable from one customer totaled
approximately 50 of total accounts receivable at September 30, 2022. Sales to four customers accounted for approximately 11 , 11 , 13 
and 14 of total revenues for the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Accounts receivable from four customers
totaled approximately 24 , 21 , 18 and 13 of total accounts receivable at September 30, 2021. Sales to three customers accounted for
approximately 21 , 19 and 13 of total revenues for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Inventories 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or net realizable value, using a standard cost method. The Company periodically reviews its inventories for potential slow-moving or obsolete
items and writes down specific items to net realizable value as appropriate. 

Property and Equipment 

 Property and equipment are stated at historical
cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
generally two to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straightline method over the shorter of the estimated useful
lives of the assets or the term of the leases. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed, and the related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. 

10 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Property and Equipment 
(Continued) 

 The Company leases its equipment to certain
customers. The costs related to this leased equipment are deferred and as the residual value of the equipment exceeds the cost, no depreciation
has been recorded. The leased equipment is included in property leased to others under operating leases in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Accounting for Impairment of
Long-lived Assets 

 Long-lived assets, such as property and
equipment, leased assets and intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds estimated future net
cash flows associated with the asset, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds
the fair value of the asset. No such impairments have been identified during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

Intangible Assets 

 Intangible assets with finite lives are
amortized to expense over their useful lives of seven to ten years. The Company s identified intangible assets consist of developed
technology, customer relationships and trade name which are being amortized using the straight-line method. 

Goodwill 

 Goodwill is not amortized but is tested
for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill
may not be recoverable. No such impairments have been identified to date. 

Research and Development 

 Research and development costs are charged to operations
as incurred. 

Income Taxes 

 The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the estimated future
tax effects of differences between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities. In addition, deferred tax assets
are recorded for the future benefit of utilizing net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using the enacted tax rates applied to taxable income. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided against the Company s
deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. 

11 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued) 

Income Taxes (Continued) 

 Significant judgment is required in determining
any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers all
available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies.
In the event that the Company changes its determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that is more likely than not to be realized,
the Company will adjust its valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such
determination is made. 

The Company follows authoritative guidance
regarding uncertain tax positions. This guidance requires that realization of an uncertain income tax position must be more likely than
not (i.e., greater than 50 likelihood of receiving a benefit) before it can be recognized in the financial statements. The guidance further
prescribes the benefit to be realized assumes a review by tax authorities having all relevant information and applying current conventions.
The guidance also prescribes the financial statement classification of tax related penalties and interest and sets forth disclosures regarding
unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income
tax expense. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021. The Company has not identified any material uncertain tax positions. 

Fair Value Measurement 

 The Company determines the fair value of
financial assets and liabilities using the fair value hierarchy established in the accounting standards. 

The hierarchy describes three levels of
inputs that may be used to measure fair value, as follows: 

Level 1 Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level 2 Includes other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable
in the marketplace. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no
market activity. 

The fair value hierarchy also requires an
entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The Company s
only financial asset carried at fair value in these financial statements is the bifurcated embedded conversion derivative liability. The
fair value is based upon Level 3 inputs. 

A schedule of the activity for the derivative
liability and discussion of the valuation approach and assumptions is included in Note 5. 

12 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued) 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company recognizes revenue
through the application of the following the five steps: 

(1) Identification of the contract with a customer, which is typically a purchase order or signed agreement. 

(2) Identification of the performance obligations in the contract. See below for the typical performance obligations. 

(3) Determination of the transition price: Price is stated in the purchase order or agreement. Selling prices
are determined by standardized pricing sheets and adjusted for estimated returns, discounts and allowances. 

(4) Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations: The transaction price is allocated
to the performance obligations based on standalone selling prices. 

(5) Recognition of revenue when (or as) each performance obligation
is satisfied. 

Below are the typical performance
obligations and their revenue recognition method. 

Sales of Mobetron systems and accessories
are recognized at a point in time, upon delivery of the products. System sales are typically invoiced 20 upfront, 70 upon delivery and
10 within a couple weeks of delivery. 

Maintenance and service contracts are typically
invoiced annually or quarterly and recognized over time, ratably over the term of the contract. Amounts invoiced in advance of revenue
recognition are recorded as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Customer deposits are recorded as a liability
and recognized as revenue upon delivery of the product. 

Rental revenue for leased Mobetron systems
is typically invoiced quarterly or monthly and is recognized over time, ratably over the lease term. 

During the years ended September 30, 2022
and 2021, the Company recognized the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Point in time revenue recognized 
 6,680,511 
 4,300,164 
 
 Over time revenue recognized 
 3,451,923 
 2,893,253 

Total revenue recognized 
 10,132,434 
 7,193,417 

Opening balances (as of October 1, 2021)
of accounts receivable, contract assets and contract liabilities were as follows: 

Accounts receivable 
 1,562,507 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 1,035,370 

13 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Warranty 

 The warranty periods for the Company s
products are generally one year from the date of shipment. The Company is responsible for warranty obligations arising from its sales
and provides for an estimate of its warranty obligation at the time of sale. Management estimates and provides a reserve for warranty
upon sale of a new system based upon historical warranty repair expenses on the Company s installed base. The warranty accrual is
included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Advertising 

 The Company expenses the costs of advertising,
including promotional expenses, as incurred. Advertising expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was not material. 

Sales Taxes 

 Sales taxes collected from customers and
remitted to governmental authorities are not included in revenue. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) . The guidance in this update supersedes the leasing guidance in Topic 840, Leases. Under the new guidance,
lessees are required to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities in the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income
statement. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those
fiscal year. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered
into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the consolidated financial statements, with certain practical
expedients available. Management is currently evaluating the new standard, which will be effective for the Company beginning October 1,
2022. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which creates a new
credit impairment standard for financial assets measured at amortized cost and available-for-sale debt securities. The ASU requires financial
assets measured at amortized cost (including loans, trade receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities) to be presented at the net
amount expected to be collected, through an allowance for credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining life of the asset,
rather than incurred losses. The ASU requires that credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities be presented as an allowance rather
than as a direct write-down. The measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets (other than certain purchased assets)
and subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded in the statement of income as the amounts expected to be collected
change. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. Management is currently
evaluating the new standard, which will be effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2023. 

14 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-07,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Determining the Current Price of an Underlying Share for Equity-Classified Share-Based
Awards, which will allow nonpublic entities that issue equity-classified share-based awards to elect a practical expedient to determine
the current price input of equity-classified share-based awards issued to both employees and nonemployees using the reasonable application
of a reasonable valuation method. The practical expedient describes the characteristics of the reasonable application of a reasonable
valuation method including (1) the date on which a valuation s reasonableness is evaluated, (2) the factors that a reasonable valuation
should consider, (3) the scope of information that a reasonable valuation should consider, and (4) the criteria that should be met for
the use of a previously calculated value to be considered reasonable. The same characteristics are used in the regulations of the U.S.
Department of the Treasury related to Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the Treasury Regulations) to describe the reasonable
application of a reasonable valuation method for income tax purposes. A reasonable valuation performed in accordance with the Treasury
Regulations is an example of a way to achieve the practical expedient. The practical expedient in this Update is effective prospectively
for all qualifying awards granted or modified during fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early application, including application in an interim period, is permitted for financial statements
that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance as of October 25, 2021. Management is currently evaluating the new standard,
which will be effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2022. 

NOTE 4 SIGNIFICANT BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS 

Inventories 

 Inventories consisted of the following
at September 30,: 

2022 
 2021 

Raw materials 
 2,667,056 
 184,441 
 
 Work in process 
 620,320 
 346,339 
 
 Finished goods 
 92,785 
 392,559 
 
 Software 
 180,715 
 211,531 

Total 
 3,560,876 
 1,134,870 

15 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4 SIGNIFICANT BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS (Continued) 

Property and Equipment 

 Property and equipment consisted
of the following at September 30,: 

2022 
 2021 

Computers and equipment 
 292,192 
 280,770 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 65,598 
 60,363 
 
 Leased equipment 
 4,435,000 
 7,635,000 

4,792,790 
 7,976,133 

Less accumulated depreciation 
 (2,773,210 
 (2,582,539 

Property and equipment, net 
 2,019,580 
 5,393,594 

Property leased to others under operating
leases totaled 2,190,789 and 2,079,153 at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were three
leased Mobetron systems. 

During 2022, the Company leased three systems
to customers and recognized 692,778 of rental income, which is included in revenues in the statement of operations. Under the terms of
one agreement, the lessee pays monthly rental fees of 30,000 for a two-year term. Under the terms of another agreement, the lessee pays
monthly rental fees of 30,100 for a one-year term. Under the terms of another agreement, the lessee pays quarterly rental fees of 36,299
Euro. 

During 2021, the Company leased two systems
to customers and recognized 435,663 of rental income, which is included in revenues in the statement of operations. Under the terms of
one agreement, the lessee pays monthly rental fees of 30,000 for a two-year term. Under the terms of another agreement, the lessee pays
monthly rental fees of 30,100 for a one-year term, however during the year, the Company issued a credit memo totaling 180,600, reversing
rental income due to the special circumstances related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the terms of another agreement, the lessee pays
quarterly rental fees of 36,299 Euro. 

16 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4 SIGNIFICANT BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS (Continued) 

Intangible Assets 

 The gross amount of intangible assets and related amortization
were as follows as of September 30, 2022: 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Estimated Useful Life (Years) 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Carrying Value 

Developed technology 
 11,000,000 
 9 
 11,000,000 
 - 
 
 Customer relationships 
 1,000,000 
 7 
 1,000,000 
 - 
 
 Trade name 
 800,000 
 10 
 720,000 
 80,000 

12,800,000 
 
 12,720,000 
 80,000 

The gross amount of intangible assets and related amortization
were as follows as of September 30, 2021: 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Estimated Useful Life (Years) 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Carrying Value 

Developed technology 
 11,000,000 
 9 
 9,777,776 
 1,222,224 
 
 Customer relationships 
 1,000,000 
 7 
 1,000,000 
 - 
 
 Trade name 
 800,000 
 10 
 640,000 
 160,000 

12,800,000 
 
 11,417,776 
 1,382,224 

Future amortization expense for these assets is as follows: 

For the Years Ending 

September 30, 

2023 
 80,000 

17 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 4 SIGNIFICANT BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS (Continued) 

Accrued Expenses 

 Accrued expenses consisted of
the following at September 30,: 

2022 
 2021 

Employee related liabilities 
 360,555 
 257,389 
 
 Warranty accrual 
 180,000 
 180,000 
 
 Accrued interest 
 11,241,774 
 6,758,034 
 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 645,741 
 457,595 

Accrued expenses 
 12,428,070 
 7,653,018 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 

Related Party Notes Payable 

 In February 2014, the Company issued a 3,000,000
secured promissory note payable to an investor with an annual interest rate of 8 . This investor holds a majority of the outstanding convertible
preferred stock of the Company. As amended, principal and interest payments were due in February 2020. In February 2017, the Company issued
an additional 2,000,000 secured promissory note payable to the same investor with an annual interest rate of 8 that originally matured
in February 2020. These notes require interest-only payments until the maturity date. In February 2020, the maturity dates for these notes
were extended to June 2020. In June 2020, the maturity date was extended to December 2020. In December 2020, the maturity date was extended
to December 2021. In November 2021, the maturity date was further extended to December 2022. In March 2022, the Company amended the secured
promissory notes with the related party, whereby the Company shall make interest- only payments on a monthly basis through and including
March 31, 2022; thereafter, interest shall accrue but shall not be payable until the maturity date. The balance of the notes at September
30, 2022 and 2021 was 5,000,000 for both years. Interest expense for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was 400,000, respectively. 

Related Party Convertible Notes
Payable 

 As of September 30, 2020, the Company had
outstanding convertible notes payable of 12,261,129. 

18 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Related Party Convertible Notes
Payable (Continued) 

 During the year ended September 30, 2021,
the Company issued the following additional convertible promissory notes: 

April 2021 
 1,000,000 
 
 June 2021 
 500,000 
 
 July 2021 
 500,000 
 
 September 2021 
 500,000 

Total 
 2,500,000 

During the year ended September 30, 2022,
the Company issued the following additional convertible promissory notes: 

October 2022 
 1,500,000 
 
 November 2022 
 1,000,000 
 
 February 2022 
 200,000 
 
 March 2022 
 150,000 
 
 April 2022 
 350,000 
 
 June 2022 
 700,000 

Total 
 3,900,000 

These convertible promissory notes all have
an annual interest rate of 15 and mature in December 2022. The holder of the note has the option to convert the outstanding principal
into the Series A-2 preferred stock or securities to be issued in the next round of financing. If the outstanding balance is converted
to shares of Series A-2, the shares would equate to the loan balance divided by the Series A-2 issue price. If the loan balance is converted
into securities from the next round of financing, the number of shares would equate to the outstanding loan balance divided by 80 of
the price per share of the next round price. 

The principal balance of the convertible
promissory notes at September 30, 2022 and 2021 was 22,811,129 and 18,911,129, respectively. Interest expense for the years ended September
30, 2022 and 2021 was 4,280,728 (which included 1,028,476 related to debt discount amortization) and 4,392,923 (which included 691,164
related to debt discount amortization), respectively. 

The conversion feature in these notes is
being accounted for as a derivative liability (and a related debt discount which is being amortized to interest expense over the term
of the notes) and was revalued at the expected settlement value at each reporting period. Activity for the derivative liability is as
follows: 

19 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Related Party Convertible Notes
Payable (Continued) 

Value at September 30, 2020 
 5,007,509 
 
 Additional notes 
 625,000 
 
 Change in value 
 779,975 

Value at September 30, 2021 
 6,412,484 
 
 Additional notes 
 975,000 
 
 Change in value 
 1,070,013 

Value at September 30, 2022 
 8,457,497 

The derivative liability is being measured
at fair value which is based upon the expected future settlement amount in accordance with the expected predominate settlement mechanism
in the convertible notes, which is conversion into a qualified financing at a 20 discount. Given the short time to maturity of the convertible
notes payable, the Company has not discounted the estimated future settlement amounts. 

All of the related party notes are secured
by a first priority security interest on all assets including cash, intangibles, fixed assets, inventory and accounts receivable. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

 In September 2020, the Company issued a
 1,500,0000 convertible promissory note at an annual interest rate of 10 with a maturity date of September 18, 2025. The note is secured
by a Mobetron system. The holder of the note has the option to convert the outstanding principal into securities to be issued in the next
round of financing, where the number of shares would equate to the outstanding loan balance divided by 80 of the price per share of the
next round price. 

In November 2020, the Company issued a 1,200,0000
convertible promissory note at an annual interest rate of 10 with a maturity date of November 18, 2025. The note is secured by a Mobetron
system. The holder of the note has the option to convert the outstanding principal into securities to be issued in the next round of financing,
where the number of shares would equate to the outstanding loan balance divided by 80 of the price per share of the next round price. 

The conversion feature in these notes is
accounted for as a derivative liability (and a related debt discount which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the
notes) and is revalued at the expected settlement value at each reporting period. There was no new convertible promissory note issued
in FY 2022, thus there was no activity during the year. The value of the derivative liability at September 30, 2022 and 2021 was 675,000.
For the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, debt discount amortization was 134,556 and 126,670, respectively. 

20 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks 

The Company enters into sale leaseback agreements to sell units
of its equipment and then leases back the equipment. A summary of capital lease/sale leaseback transactions are as follows: 

Date Entered 
 
 Amount 
 
 Term 
 
 Interest
 Rate 
 
 Monthly Lease Payments 
 
 Warrants Issued 
 
 Date
 Repurchased 
 
 June 2018 
 
 1,500,000 
 
 60 months 
 
 15 
 
 30,000 
 
 750,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.40 per share which expires in September 2025, of which 375,000 were immediately vested and 375,000 vests over a 60-month term 
 
 N/A 
 
 March 2019 
 
 1,500,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 42,475 
 
 562,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.40 per share which expires in March 2026 
 
 June 2019 and November 2019 
 
 April 2019 
 
 750,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 

September 2020 
 
 June 2019 
 
 1,500,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 42,475 
 
 187,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.40 per share which expires in June 2026 
 
 October 2020 and June 2021 
 
 September 2019 
 
 635,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 17,981 
 
 157,750 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.40 per share which expires in September 2026 
 
 N/A 

21 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks (Continued) 

Date
 Entered 
 
 Amount 
 
 Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Monthly Lease Payments 
 
 Warrants Issued 
 
 Date Repurchased 
 
 October 2019 
 
 750,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 N/A 
 
 May 2020 
 
 November 2019 
 
 750,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 N/A 
 
 October 2020 
 
 December 2019 
 
 750,000 
 
 36 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 187,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in December 2026 
 
 January 2021 
 
 September 2020 
 
 750,000 
 
 42 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 187,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in September 2027 
 
 June 2021 
 
 November 2020 
 
 1,500,000 
 
 34 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 375,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in November 2027 
 
 N/A 
 
 January 2021 
 
 2,500,000 
 
 60 months 
 
 10 
 
 Interest payments ranging from approximately 19,178 to 21,233 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 August 2021 
 
 1,500,000 
 
 42 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 375,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in August 2028 
 
 November 2021 and November 2022 

22 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks (Continued) 

Date Entered 
 
 Amount 
 
 Term 
 
 Interest
Rate 
 
 Monthly Lease Payments 
 
 Warrants
Issued 
 
 Date Repurchased 
 
 December 2021 
 
 750,000 
 
 42 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 375,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in December 2028 
 
 July 2022 
 
 December 2021 
 
 750,000 
 
 42 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 

N/A 
 
 January 2022 
 
 750,000 
 
 54 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 187,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in January 2029 
 
 N/A 
 
 April 2022 
 
 750,000 
 
 54 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,238 
 
 187,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in April 2029 
 
 October 2022 
 
 May 2022 
 
 1,550,000 
 
 60 months 
 
 12 
 
 Interest payments ranging from approximately 15,288 to 15,797 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

23 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks (Continued) 

Date Entered 
 
 Amount 
 
 Term 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Monthly Lease Payments 
 
 Warrants Issued 
 
 Date Repurchased 
 
 June 2022 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 60 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,247 
 
 250,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in June 2029 
 
 N/A 
 
 August 2022 
 
 4,000,000 
 
 60 months 
 
 10 
 
 21,247 
 
 500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.4 per share which expires in August 2029 
 
 N/A 

During the year ended September 30, 2022,
the Company entered into additional sale leaseback agreements with the investor for seven units for a total of 6,500,000. However, as
of September 30, 2022, these seven units were under construction, and thus, the sale leaseback will occur when the units are completed.
No deferred profit or leased equipment associated with these units was recorded as of September 30, 2022, only the capital lease obligation
was recorded. 

In March 2022, the Company entered into
an amendment to the original sale leaseback agreement with an investor dated January 12, 2021, to exchange two units of Mobetron Ebeam
Equipment as the original units were sold and shipped to customers. There was no change to the maturity of the agreement, but the interest
rate per the amendment increased from 10 to 12 . As of September 30, 2022, these units that were reassigned per the new amendment were
under construction, thus, the sale leaseback will occur when the units are completed. No deferred profit or leased equipment was recorded
as of September 30, 2022, only the capital lease obligation was recorded. The Company recorded the amortization of the deferred profit
of the two original units through March 2022, when the amendment was signed into effectiveness, and derecognized the leased equipment,
resulting is a loss on sale leaseback modification of 635,593. 

Interest expense for all these capital lease/sale
leaseback transactions was 904,870 and 609,638 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

24 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks (Continued) 

Deferred profit activity for all these sale leaseback transactions
are as follows: 

Balance at September 30, 2020 
 1,632,786 
 
 Additions 
 2,957,626 
 
 Adjustments for repurchases 
 (294,611 
 
 Profit on sale leaseback recognized 
 (1,449,057 

Balance at September 30, 2021 
 2,846,744 
 
 Additions 
 1,752,549 
 
 Adjustments for repurchases 
 (860,121 
 
 Adjustments for systems exchange 
 (1,239,407 
 
 Adjustments for system not built 
 (220,713 
 
 Profit on sale leaseback recognized 
 (986,594 

Balance at September 30, 2022 
 1,292,458 

Warrants issued in connection with these
transactions, which include those immediately vested and those that vest over 60 months, were accounted for as a payment against the lease
and recorded to equity. The number of warrants issued and calculated fair value of the warrants since March 2019 were summarized in the
table below (As the value of the warrants since September 2020 were insignificant, they were not recorded): 

Number of 

Date Issued 
 Warrants Issued 
 Calculated Fair Value 
 
 March 2019 
 562,500 
 129,002 
 
 June 2019 
 187,500 
 42,370 
 
 September 2019 
 158,750 
 35,560 
 
 December 2019 
 187,500 
 42,107 
 
 September 2020 
 187,500 
 40,566 
 
 November 2020 
 375,000 
 32 
 
 August 2021 
 375,000 
 31 
 
 December 2021 
 375,000 
 33 
 
 January 2022 
 187,500 
 17 
 
 April 2022 
 187,500 
 19 
 
 June 2022 
 250,000 
 27 
 
 August 2022 
 500,000 
 51 

25 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks (Continued) 

The warrants were estimated using the Black-Scholes model with the
following assumptions: 

March 2019 
 June 2019 
 September 2019 
 December 2019 
 September 2020 
 
 Expected dividend yield (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 2.49 
 1.96 
 1.65 
 1.74 
 0.47 
 
 Expected volatility (3) 
 55 
 55 
 55 
 55 
 55 
 
 Expected life (in years) (4) 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 

November 2020 
 December 2021 
 January 2022 
 April 2022 
 June 2022 
 
 Expected dividend yield (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 1.05 
 1.36 
 1.81 
 2.84 
 3.34 

Expected volatility (3) 
 60 
 60 
 60 
 60 
 60 
 
 Expected life (in years) (4) 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 
 7 

August 2022 
 
 Expected dividend yield (1) 
 0 
 
 Risk-free interest rate(2) 
 2.86 
 
 Expected volatility (3) 
 60 
 
 Expected life (in years) (4) 
 7 

(1) The Company has no history or expectation of paying cash dividends
on its common stock. 

(2) The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
for a term consistent with the expected life of the awards in effect at the time of grant. 

(3) The Company has estimated the expected volatility of its share
price based on the share price volatility of similar publicly traded entities. 

(4) The expected life represents the contractual term of the warrant. 

26 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 5 FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS (Continued) 

Capital Leases/Sale Leasebacks (Continued) 

 Following are the future minimum lease payments for the capital
leases as of September 30,: 

2023 
 3,175,196 
 
 2024 
 2,611,659 
 
 2025 
 2,170,709 
 
 2026 
 4,046,302 
 
 2027 
 2,840,138 

Total 
 14,844,004 

Less interest 
 (2,186,900 

Total 
 12,657,104 
 
 Less current portion 
 (2,553,033 

Capital lease obligation, long term 
 10,104,071 

NOTE 6 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock 

 On May 23, 2022, the Company amended and
restated its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized common stock from 55,000,000 to 100,000,000 shares at 0.00001
par value per share. 

Convertible Preferred Stock 

 On May 23, 2022, the Company amended and
restated its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized preferred stock from 47,348,161 to 76,856,187 shares at
 0.00001 par value per share. 

27 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (Continued) 

Convertible Preferred Stock (Continued) 

 The convertible preferred stock as of September 30, 2022 and
2021, consisted of the following: 

Number of Shares Authorized as of September 30, 2022 
 Number of Shares Authorized as of September 30, 2021 
 Number of Shares Issued and Outstanding 
 Total Liquidation Preference 
 
 Series C 
 26,856,187 
 30,944,765 
 26,856,187 
 28,017,717 
 
 Series A-2 
 50,000,000 
 16,403,396 
 2,903,396 
 2,903,396 

76,856,187 
 47,348,161 
 29,759,583 
 30,921,113 

As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the rights
and preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Series C and A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock are set forth in the Company s
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and are summarized as follows: 

Dividends Provisions 

 The holders of shares of Series C and A-2
Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors, prior and in preference
to any declaration or payment of any dividend or distribution on the Common Stock or any other junior equity security of the Company,
at the rate of 8 of the original Series C and A-2 base price, adjustable for certain events, such as stock splits and combinations. The
Company has not declared dividends to date. 

After such dividends to the holders of the
Series C and A-2 Convertible Preferred Stock, any additional dividends or distributions shall be distributed among all holders of Common
Stock and Convertible Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock that would be held by each such holder if
all shares of Convertible Preferred Stock were converted to Common Stock at the then effective Conversion Ratio. 

Redemption Provisions 

 The Convertible Preferred Stock is not redeemable at the option
of the holder. 

28 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 6 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (Continued) 

Convertible Preferred Stock (Continued) 

 Liquidation Preference 

 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Company to the holders of the Series A-2 and Common
Stock or other junior equity securities of the Company by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Series C
Issue Price times 1.25 plus all dividends accrued but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared, together with any other dividends declared
but unpaid thereon. Holders of Series A-2 are entitled to an amount per share equal to Series A-2 Issue Price plus all dividends accrued
but unpaid thereon, whether or not declared, together with any other dividends declared but unpaid thereon. If upon the occurrence of
such event, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Series A-2 and C Convertible Preferred Stock shall be insufficient
to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then the entire assets and funds of the Company legally
available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A-2 and C Convertible Preferred Stock in proportion
to the full preferential amount that each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive. 

Conversion 

 Each share of Convertible Preferred Stock
shall be convertible at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into such number of fully
paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the outstanding amount of the Original Series C and A-2 Issue
Price by the Series C and A-2 conversion price (initially 0.8436 and 1.00, respectively). 

Each share of Series C and A-2 shall be
converted into fully-paid, nonassessable shares of Common Stock at the then effective Preferred conversion price immediately prior to
the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective registrant statement filed under the Securities
Act of 1933, covering the offer and sale of Common Stock provided that a) the public offering price is at least 4.218 per share of Common
Stock, b) the aggregate gross proceeds to the Corporation are not less than 50,000,000 and c) the Common Stock of the Corporation is
listed for quotation on the NYSE or NASDAQ stock market. 

The conversion price is subject to adjustment
for stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and other equity restructuring transactions. Additionally, the conversion price is
subject to the adjustment based upon future dilutive issuances at a price less than the Preferred conversion price. 

Voting Rights 

 The holder of each share of Preferred Stock
shall have the right to one vote for each share of Common Stock into which such Preferred Stock could be converted on the record date
for the vote or consent of stockholders, and, except as otherwise required by law, with respect to such vote, such holder shall have
full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of Common Stock. 

29 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

The Company has adopted the 2013 Stock Plan
under which it originally reserved 4,350,636 shares for grants of awards. An additional 3,719,364 shares were reserved in May 2016 under
the amended plan, bringing the total shares reserved to 8,070,000. 

The Option Plan provides for the grant of
incentive and non-statutory stock options to employees, nonemployee directors and consultants of the Company. Options granted under the
Option Plan generally become exercisable ratably over a four-year period following the date of grant and expire ten years (five years
for incentive and non-statutory stock options granted to holders of 10 or more of the voting stock) from the date of grant. At the discretion
of the Company s Board of Directors, certain options may be exercisable immediately at the date of grant but subject to repurchase
at their original exercise price in the event of an employee s termination prior to full vesting. All other options are exercisable
only to the extent vested. 

The exercise price of both incentive and
non-statutory stock options granted under the Option Plan must be at least equal to 100 of the fair value of the Company s common
stock at the date of grant, as determined by the Board of Directors. Incentive and non-statutory stock options granted to stockholders
who own greater than 10 of the Company s outstanding stock at the date of grant must be issued at no less than 110 of the estimated
fair value of the common stock on the date of grant. 

30 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

Stock option activity for the years ended September
30, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Shares 
 Weighted- average exercise price per share 
 Weighted- average remaining contractual life (in years) 

Outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 2,382,000 
 0.40 
 5.76 

Options granted 
 2,281,000 
 0.006 

Options exercised 
 (181,250 
 0.04 

Options forfeited/cancelled 
 (315,000 
 0.006 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 
 4,166,750 
 0.006 
 6.89 

Options granted 
 10,000 
 0.006 

Options exercised 
 (150,625 
 0.006 

Options forfeited/cancelled 
 (1,724,125 
 0.006 

Outstanding at September 30, 2022 
 2,302,000 
 0.006 
 5.22 

Vested and expected to vest at 

September 30, 2022 
 2,302,000 
 0.006 
 5.22 

Exercisable at September 30, 2022 
 1,786,896 
 0.006 
 4.97 

The weighted-average grant date calculated
fair value of options granted during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was 0.004 and 0.003, respectively. The total fair value
of shares vested during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was 4,835 and 10,587, respectively. The intrinsic value of options
exercised was zero for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021,
the Company amended substantially all existing option agreements to reduce the exercise price to 0.006 per share. The impact of the option
modification was insignificant. 

31 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued) 

As of September 30, 2022, there was 1,106
of unamortized stock-based compensation cost related to unvested stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of 1.39 years. 

The calculated fair value option grants
were estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions for the years ended September
30,: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Expected dividend yield (1) 
 0 
 0 
 
 Risk-free interest rate (2) 
 3.97 
 1.32 
 
 Expected volatility (3) 
 60.00 
 60.00 
 
 Expected life (in years) (4) 
 6.125 
 6.125 

(1) The Company has no history or expectation of paying cash dividends
on its common stock. 

(2) The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
for a term consistent with the expected life of the awards in effect at the time of grant. 

(3) The Company has estimated the expected volatility of its share
price based on the share price volatility of similar publicly traded entities. 

(4) The expected life represents the period of time that options
granted are expected to be outstanding and was estimated using the simplified method and essentially equates to the weighted average
of the vesting term and contractual life of the options. 

NOTE 8 INCOME TAXES 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following for
the years ended September 30,: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current: 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 1,320 
 1,150 

Total current 
 1,320 
 1,150 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 13,408 
 13,408 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 

Total provision 
 14,728 
 14,558 

32 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

The components of the net deferred tax assets
and liabilities are as follows as of September 30,: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 13,838,645 
 11,953,883 
 
 Derivative liability 
 2,245,674 
 1,781,381 
 
 Fixed assets and intangibles 
 1,210,888 
 1,172,582 
 
 Stock compensation 
 168,797 
 172,533 
 
 Credit carryforwards 
 812,860 
 697,449 
 
 Accrued warranty 
 44,262 
 45,242 
 
 Accrued compensation 
 52,979 
 61,970 
 
 Deferred revenue 
 317,814 
 257,527 
 
 Other 
 53,933 
 1,256 

Gross deferred tax assets 
 18,745,852 
 16,143,823 

Valuation allowance 
 (17,766,324 
 (15,159,552 

Net deferred tax assets 
 979,528 
 984,271 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill 
 (696,273 
 (631,445 
 
 Deferred COGS 
 (227,273 
 (232,303 
 
 Debt discount 
 (174,907 
 (226,039 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 (118,925 
 (105,516 

The difference between the provision for
income taxes and the income tax determined by applying the federal statutory rate of 21 is principally due to the changes in the valuation
allowance. The valuation allowance increased 2,606,772 and 2,544,618 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

33 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 8 INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Accordingly, the deferred tax assets have been offset by a valuation
allowance. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had NOL (net operating loss) carryforwards for federal tax purposes totaling 53,836,136
and for state tax purposes totaling 26,222,140. The NOL carryforwards will begin expiring in 2034 for both federal and state purposes
for tax years before 2018 and post 2017 federal NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. At September 30, 2022, the Company also has
federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of 452,966 and 382,092, respectively. The federal tax credits will
expire starting in 2034, unless previously utilized. The state tax credits do not expire and can be carried forward indefinitely. 

Utilization of the NOL and tax credit carryforwards
may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to ownership percentage change limitations that may have occurred or that could
occur in the future, as required by the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), as well as similar state provisions. In general,
an ownership change as defined by the Code results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period
resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public
groups. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of the NOL and tax credit carryforwards before utilization. 

The Company s 2014 through 2022 tax
years remain open for examination by the federal and state taxing authorities. 

NOTE 9 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Operating Lease 

 The Company leases its facilities under
a noncancelable operating lease that expired September 2021. In November 2021, the Company renewed the noncancelable operating lease for
its facilities and extended the term of the lease to September 2026. In addition to the base rent, the Company is responsible for certain
insurance, property tax and maintenance expenses under the terms of the facilities lease. 

The Company recognizes rent on a straight-line
basis over the term of the lease. The difference between required lease payments and straight-line rent expense has been recorded as deferred
rent in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2022 and 2021. Rent expense for years ended September 30, 2022 and
2021 was 609,345 and 515,663, respectively. 

34 

INTRAOP MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

Operating Lease (Continued) 

 At September 30, 2022, future minimum payments
required under the noncancelable operating lease for future years ending September 30 are as follows: 

2023 
 591,081 
 
 2024 
 608,813 
 
 2025 
 627,078 
 
 2026 
 645,890 

Total 
 2,472,862 

Indemnification 

 In the Company s sales agreements,
the Company typically agrees to indemnify its customers for any expenses or liability resulting from claimed infringements of patents,
trademarks or copyrights of third parties. The terms of these indemnification agreements are generally perpetual any time after execution
of the agreement. The maximum amount of potential future indemnification is unlimited. To date, the Company has not paid any amounts to
settle claims or defend lawsuits. 

Litigation 

 The Company may from time to time become
involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The unfavorable resolution of any such matters could
have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

NOTE 10 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION 401(K) PLAN 

The Company has a qualified 401(k) plan
for all eligible employees. Employees may contribute up to the statutory maximum, which is set by law each year. The Company does not
currently match contributions. 

NOTE 11 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In October 2022, the Company amended the
previously issued warrants in connection with the sale leaseback transactions as disclosed in Note 5 to amend the exercise price to 0.01. 

In October 2022, the Company entered into
three additional sale leaseback agreements. Each lease has a term of 60 months, with monthly payments of 21,247. The Company also issued
a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share which expires in August 2029 and an additional
warrant to purchase 750,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share which expires in October 2029. 

35 

INTRAOP
MEDICAL CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 11 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Continued) 

In November 2022, the Company entered into
another sale leaseback agreement for 1,600,000. The lease has a term of 60 months, with monthly payments ranging from 14,729 to 16,307.
In connection with this, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.40 per share
which expires in December 2029. 

In December 2022, the Company amended the
secured convertible promissory notes and the secured promissory notes with the related party as disclosed in Note 5 to extend the maturity
dates of all the previously issued security convertible promissory and secured promissory notes to December 31, 2023. 

The Company evaluated subsequent events
through March 24, 2023, the date which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 

36 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 svvc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 svvc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 svvc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 svvc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

