<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1451505_0001451505-23-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23554770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>589276</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2264861</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10149939</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3168419</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6570960</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001451505-23-000029.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222185157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001451505-23-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Transocean Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001451505
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				980599916
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			V8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38373
		FILM NUMBER:		23655247

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TURMSTRASSE 30
		CITY:			STEINHAUSEN
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6312
		BUSINESS PHONE:		41 41 749 0500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TURMSTRASSE 30
		CITY:			STEINHAUSEN
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001451505-23-000029.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 rig-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM (Mark one) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

 Commission file number . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered , CHF 0.10 per share Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non - accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, 705,711,203 shares were outstanding and the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates was approximately billion (based on the reported closing market price of the shares of Transocean Ltd. on June 30, 2022 of 3.33 per share and assuming that all directors and executive officers of the Company are affiliates, although the Company does not acknowledge that any such person is actually an affiliate within the meaning of the federal securities laws). As of February 14, 2023, shares were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022, for its 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 Item Page PART I Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 21 Item 2. Properties 21 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 21 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 22 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. Reserved 25 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 39 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 74 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 74 Item 9B. Other Information 74 Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 74 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 75 Item 11. Executive Compensation 75 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 75 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 75 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 75 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 76 

Forward-Looking Information The statements included in this annual report regarding future financial performance and results of operations and other statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements in this annual report include, but are not limited to, statements about the following subjects: the effect, impact, potential duration, the scale of any economic disruptions or other implications of COVID-19, including virus variants; the effect of any disputes and actions with respect to production levels by, among or between major oil and gas producing countries and any expectations we may have with respect thereto; our results of operations, our cash flow from operations, our revenue efficiency and other performance indicators and optimization of rig-based spending ; the offshore drilling market, including the effects of variations in commodity prices, supply and demand, utilization rates, dayrates, customer drilling programs, stacking and reactivation of rigs, effects of new rigs on the market, the impact of changes to regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate and changes in the global economy or market outlook for our industry, our rig classes or the various geographies in which we operate; customer drilling contracts, including contract backlog, force majeure provisions, contract awards, commencements, extensions, terminations, renegotiations, contract option exercises, contract revenues, early termination fees, indemnity provisions and rig mobilizations; the addition of renewable or other energy alternatives to meet local, regional or global demand for energy, the commitment, by us or our customers, to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or intensity thereof; liquidity, including availability under our bank credit agreement, and adequacy of cash flows for our obligations; debt levels, including interest rates, credit ratings and our evaluation or decisions with respect to any potential liability management transactions or strategic alternatives intended to prudently manage our liquidity, debt maturities and other aspects of our capital structure and any litigation, alleged defaults and discussions with creditors related thereto; newbuild, upgrade, shipyard and other capital projects, including the level of expected capital expenditures and the timing and cost of completing capital projects, delivery and operating commencement dates, relinquishment or abandonment, expected downtime and lost revenues; the cost and timing of acquisitions and the proceeds and timing of dispositions; tax matters, including our effective tax rate, changes in tax laws, treaties and regulations, tax assessments, tax incentive programs and liabilities for tax issues in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate or have a taxable presence; legal and regulatory matters, including results and effects of current or potential legal proceedings and governmental audits and assessments, outcomes and effects of internal and governmental investigations, customs and environmental matters; insurance matters, including adequacy of insurance, renewal of insurance, insurance proceeds and cash investments of our wholly owned captive insurance company; effects of accounting changes and adoption of accounting policies; and investment in recruitment, retention and personnel development initiatives, the timing of, and other matters concerning, severance payments and benefit payments . 
 Forward-looking statements in this annual report are identifiable by use of the following words and other similar expressions: 

anticipates 

budgets 

estimates 

forecasts 

may 

plans 

projects 

should 

believes 

could 

expects 

intends 

might 

predicts 

scheduled Such statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to: those described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this annual report on Form 10-K; the effects of public health threats, pandemics and epidemics, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, and the adverse impact thereof on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including, but not limited to, our growth, operating costs, supply chain, labor availability, logistical capabilities, customer demand for our services and industry demand generally, our liquidity, the price of our securities and trading markets with respect thereto, our ability to access capital markets, and the global economy and financial markets generally; the effects of actions by, or disputes among or between, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil and natural gas producing countries with respect to production levels or other matters related to the prices of oil and natural gas; the adequacy of and access to our sources of liquidity; our inability to renew drilling contracts at comparable, or improved, dayrates and to obtain drilling contracts for our rigs that do not have contracts; operational performance; the cancellation of drilling contracts currently included in our reported contract backlog; losses on impairment of long-lived assets; shipyard, construction and other delays; the results of meetings of our shareholders; changes in political, social and economic conditions; the effect and results of litigation, regulatory matters, settlements, audits, assessments and contingencies; and other factors discussed in this annual report and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which are available free of charge on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 
 The foregoing risks and uncertainties are beyond our ability to control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by reference to these risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement. We expressly disclaim any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in our expectations or beliefs with regard to the statement or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview Transocean Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries and predecessors, unless the context requires otherwise, Transocean, the Company, we, us or our is a leading international provider of offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells. As of February 14, 2023, we owned or had partial ownership interests in and operated 37 mobile offshore drilling units, consisting of 27 ultra-deepwater floaters and 10 harsh environment floaters. Additionally, as of February 14, 2023, we were constructing one ultra-deepwater drillship and held a noncontrolling ownership interest in a company that is constructing one ultra-deepwater drillship. We provide, as our primary business, contract drilling services in a single operating segment, which involves contracting our mobile offshore drilling rigs, related equipment and work crews to drill oil and gas wells. We specialize in technically demanding regions of the global offshore drilling business with a particular focus on ultra-deepwater and harsh environment drilling services. Our drilling fleet is one of the most versatile fleets in the world, consisting of drillships and semisubmersible floaters used in support of offshore drilling activities and offshore support services on a worldwide basis. Transocean Ltd. is a Swiss corporation with its registered office in Steinhausen, Canton of Zug and with principal executive offices located at Turmstrasse 30, 6312 Steinhausen, Switzerland. Our telephone number at that address is +41 41 749-0500. Our shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol RIG. For information about the revenues, operating income, assets and other information related to our business, our segments and the geographic areas in which we operate, see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Business , Note 4 Revenues and Note 6 Long-Lived Assets . Drilling Fleet Overview We provide contract drilling services using our fleet of mobile offshore drilling units, including both drillships and semisubmersibles, broadly referred to as floaters. Floaters are designed to operate in locations away from port for extended periods of time and have living quarters for the crews, a helicopter landing deck and storage space for drill pipe, riser and drilling supplies. Our drilling units and related equipment are suitable for both exploration and development, and we engage in both types of activities. Drillships are floating vessels that are shaped like conventional ships, generally self-propelled and considered to be the most mobile of the major rig types. Drillships typically have greater deck load and storage capacity than semisubmersible rigs, which provides logistical and resupply efficiency benefits for customers. Drillships are generally better suited to operations in calmer sea conditions and typically do not operate in areas considered to be harsh environments. Our high-specification drillships are equipped with dynamic positioning thruster systems, which allows them to maintain position without anchors through the use of onboard propulsion and station-keeping systems. We have 22 ultra-deepwater drillships that are, and two ultra-deepwater drillships under construction that will be, equipped with our patented dual-activity technology. Dual-activity technology employs structures, equipment and techniques using two drilling stations within a dual derrick to allow these drillships to perform simultaneous drilling tasks in a parallel, rather than a sequential manner, which reduces critical path activity and improves efficiency in both exploration and development drilling. In addition, our newbuild drillships under construction will be equipped with dynamic positioning thruster systems and industry-leading hoisting capacity. Semisubmersibles are floating vessels that can be partially submerged by means of a water ballast system such that the lower column sections and pontoons are below the water surface during drilling operations. Semisubmersibles are known for stability, making them well suited for operating in rough sea conditions. Semisubmersible floaters are capable of maintaining their position over a well either through dynamic positioning or the use of mooring systems. Although most semisubmersible rigs are relocated with the assistance of tugs, some units are self-propelled and move between locations under their own power when afloat on pontoons. Four of our 13 semisubmersibles are equipped with dual-activity technology and also have mooring capability. Two of these four dual-activity units are custom-designed, high-capacity semisubmersible drilling rigs, equipped for year-round operations in harsh environments, such as those of the Norwegian continental shelf and sub-Arctic waters. Our floater fleet consists of ultra-deepwater floaters and harsh environment floaters that are designed with high-specification capabilities to operate in the technically demanding regions of the global offshore drilling business. Ultra-deepwater floaters are equipped with high-pressure mud pumps and are capable of drilling in water depths of 4,500 feet or greater. Harsh environment floaters are capable of drilling in harsh environments in water depths between 1,500 and 10,000 feet and have greater displacement, which offers larger variable load capacity, more useable deck space and better motion characteristics. Fleet status Depending on market conditions, we may idle or stack our non-contracted rigs. An idle rig is between drilling contracts, readily available for operations, and operating costs are typically at or near normal operating levels. A stacked rig typically has reduced operating and maintenance costs, is staffed by a reduced crew or has no crew and is (a) preparing for an extended period of inactivity, (b) expected to continue to be inactive for an extended period, or (c) completing a period of extended inactivity. Stacked rigs will continue to incur operating costs at or above normal operating levels for approximately 30 days following initiation of stacking. Some idle rigs and all stacked rigs require additional costs to return to service. The actual cost to return to service, which in many instances could be 
 - 2 - 

Table of Contents 
 significant and could fluctuate over time, depends upon various factors, including the availability and cost of shipyard facilities, the cost of equipment and materials, the extent of repairs and maintenance that may ultimately be required, the length of time a rig has spent in stacking mode and time and cost of assembling and training crew. We consider these factors, together with market conditions, length of contract, dayrate and other contract terms, when deciding whether to return a stacked rig to service. We may not return some stacked rigs to work for drilling services. Drilling units The following tables, presented as of February 9, 2023, provide certain specifications for our rigs. Unless otherwise noted, the stated location of each rig indicates either the current drilling location, if the rig is operating, or the next operating location, if the rig is in shipyard with a follow-on contract. The dates provided represent the expected time of completion, the year placed into service, and, if applicable, the year of the most recent upgrade. As of February 9, 2023, we owned all of the drilling rigs in our fleet noted in the tables below, except for the following: (1) the ultra-deepwater floater Petrobras 10000 , which is subject to a finance lease through August 2029, (2) the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge , which is owned through our 33 percent noncontrolling ownership interest in Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited (together with its subsidiary, Orion ), and (3) the newbuild ultra-deepwater drillship under construction, to be named Deepwater Aquila , which is owned through our noncontrolling ownership interest in Liquila Ventures Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, Liquila ). 

Year Water Drilling Contracted entered depth depth location or service / capacity capacity standby Rig category and name Specifications Type upgraded (in feet) (in feet) status Ultra-deepwater floaters (27) Deepwater Atlas (a) (b) (c) (d) (f) Drillship 2022 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Poseidon (a) (b) (c) (e) (g) Drillship 2018 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Pontus (a) (b) (c) (e) (g) Drillship 2017 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Conqueror (a) (b) (c) (e) (g) Drillship 2016 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Proteus (a) (b) (c) (e) (g) Drillship 2016 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Thalassa (a) (b) (c) (e) (g) Drillship 2016 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Ocean Rig Apollo (a) (b) Drillship 2015 12,000 40,000 Stacked Deepwater Athena (a) (b) Drillship 2014 12,000 40,000 Stacked Deepwater Asgard (a) (b) (c) (g) Drillship 2014 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Invictus (a) (b) (c) (g) Drillship 2014 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Skyros (a) (b) Drillship 2013 12,000 40,000 Angola Deepwater Mylos (a) (b) (c) Drillship 2013 12,000 40,000 Stacked Deepwater Champion (a) (b) Drillship 2011 12,000 40,000 Stacked Deepwater Corcovado (a) (b) Drillship 2011 10,000 35,000 Brazil Deepwater Mykonos (a) (b) Drillship 2011 10,000 35,000 Brazil Deepwater Orion (a) (b) Drillship 2011 10,000 35,000 Brazil Discoverer India (a) (b) Drillship 2010 12,000 40,000 Stacked Discoverer Luanda (a) (b) Drillship 2010 7,500 40,000 Stacked Dhirubhai Deepwater KG2 (a) Drillship 2010 12,000 35,000 Brazil Discoverer Inspiration (a) (b) (c) Drillship 2010 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Discoverer Americas (a) (b) Drillship 2009 12,000 40,000 Stacked Development Driller III (a) (b) (h) Semisubmersible 2009 7,500 37,500 Suriname Petrobras 10000 (a) (b) Drillship 2009 12,000 37,500 Brazil Discoverer Clear Leader (a) (b) (c) Drillship 2009 12,000 40,000 Stacked Dhirubhai Deepwater KG1 (a) Drillship 2009 12,000 35,000 India GSF Development Driller I (a) (b) (h) Semisubmersible 2005 7,500 37,500 Stacked Deepwater Nautilus (h) Semisubmersible 2000 8,000 30,000 Stacked Harsh environment floaters (10) Transocean Norge (a) (h) (i) Semisubmersible 2019 10,000 40,000 Norwegian N. Sea Transocean Enabler (a) (h) (i) Semisubmersible 2016 1,640 28,000 Norwegian N. Sea Transocean Encourage (a) (h) (i) Semisubmersible 2016 1,640 28,000 Norwegian N. Sea Transocean Endurance (a) (h) (i) Semisubmersible 2015 1,640 28,000 Norwegian N. Sea Transocean Equinox (a) (h) (i) Semisubmersible 2015 1,640 28,000 Idle Transocean Spitsbergen (a) (h) (i) (j) Semisubmersible 2010 10,000 30,000 Norwegian N. Sea Transocean Barents (a) (h) (j) Semisubmersible 2009 10,000 30,000 U.K. N. Sea Henry Goodrich (h) Semisubmersible 1985/2007 5,000 30,000 Stacked Transocean Leader (h) Semisubmersible 1987/1997 4,500 25,000 Stacked Paul B. Loyd, Jr. (h) Semisubmersible 1990 2,000 25,000 U.K. N. Sea 

 (a) Dynamically positioned. (b) Patented dual activity. (c) Two blowout preventers. (d) Equipped with two 15,000 psi blowout preventers, one of which is scheduled to be upgraded to a 20,000 psi blowout preventer. (e) Designed to accommodate a future upgrade to 20,000 psi blowout preventer(s). (f) Main hoisting capacity of 1,700 short tons. (g) Main hoisting capacity of 1,400 short tons. (h) Moored. (i) Automated drilling control. (j) Dual activity. 
 - 3 - 

Table of Contents 

Water Drilling depth depth Expected capacity capacity Contracted Rig category and name Specifications Type completion (in feet) (in feet) location Rigs under construction (2) Ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Titan (a) (b) (c) (d) Drillship 2Q2023 12,000 40,000 U.S. Gulf Deepwater Aquila (a) (b) (e) Drillship 3Q2023 10,000 40,000 TBD 

 (a) To be dynamically positioned. (b) To be equipped with our patented dual activity. (c) To be equipped with two 20,000 psi blowout preventers. (d) To be equipped with main hoisting capacity of 1,700 short tons. (e) To be equipped with main hoisting capacity of 1,400 short tons. Drilling Contracts Our offshore drilling services contracts are individually negotiated and vary in their terms and conditions. We obtain most of our drilling contracts through bidding processes in competition against other drilling services contractors and through direct negotiations with operators. Drilling contracts generally provide for payment on a dayrate basis, typically with higher rates for periods when drilling operations are optimized and lower or zero rates for periods during which the drilling unit is mobilized or when drilling operations are interrupted, restricted by equipment breakdowns, adverse environmental conditions or otherwise. A dayrate drilling contract generally extends over a period of time either covering the drilling of a single well or group of wells or covering a stated term. At December 31, 2022, our contract backlog was approximately 8.34 billion, representing an increase of 26 percent and 4 percent, respectively, compared to the contract backlog at December 31, 2021 and 2020, which was 6.60 billion and 8.06 billion, respectively. See Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Performance and Other Key Indicators . Certain of our drilling contracts may be cancelable for the convenience of the customer, typically with the payment of an early termination payment. Such payments, however, may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. Drilling contracts also customarily provide for either automatic termination or termination at the option of the customer, typically without payment of any termination fee, under various circumstances such as non-performance, in the event of extended downtime or impaired performance due to equipment or operational issues or extended downtime due to force majeure events. Many of these events are beyond our control. The contract term in some instances may be extended by the customer exercising options for the drilling of additional wells or for additional periods of time. Our contracts also typically include a provision that allows the customer to extend the contract to finish drilling a well-in-progress. During periods of depressed market conditions, our customers may seek to renegotiate drilling contracts or options to reduce the term of their obligations or the average dayrate through term extensions or may seek to early terminate or repudiate their contracts. Suspension of drilling contracts will result in the reduction in or loss of dayrate for the period of the suspension. If customers cancel some of our contracts and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar or more favorable terms, if some of our contracts are suspended for an extended period of time or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated on less favorable terms, our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be adversely affected. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to our business Our drilling contracts may be terminated due to a number of events, and, during depressed market conditions, our customers may seek to repudiate or renegotiate their contracts . Under dayrate drilling contracts, consistent with standard industry practice, our customers, as the operators, generally assume, and grant indemnity for, subsurface and well control risks, and their consequential damages. Under all of our current drilling contracts, our customers indemnify us for pollution damages in connection with reservoir fluids stemming from operations under the contract, and we indemnify our customers for pollution that originates above the surface of the water from the rig from substances in our control, such as diesel used onboard the rig or other fluids stored onboard the rig. Also, our customers indemnify us for consequential damages they incur, damage to the well or reservoir, loss of subsurface oil and gas and the cost of bringing the well under control. However, because our drilling contracts are individually negotiated, the degree of indemnification we receive from our customers for the risks discussed above may vary from contract to contract based on market conditions, customer requirements existing when the contract was negotiated or other factors. In some instances, we have contractually agreed upon certain limits to our indemnification rights and can be responsible for certain damages up to a specified maximum dollar amount. The nature of our liability and the prevailing market conditions, among other factors, can influence such contractual terms. Notwithstanding a contractual indemnity from a customer, there can be no assurance that our customers will be financially able to indemnify us or will otherwise honor their contractual indemnity obligations. The interpretation and enforceability of a contractual indemnity depends upon the specific facts and circumstances involved, as governed by applicable laws, and may ultimately need to be decided by a court or other proceeding, which would need to consider the specific contract language, the facts and applicable laws. Applicable laws often consider contractual indemnity for criminal fines and penalties to be against public policy. Many courts also restrict indemnification for criminal fines and penalties. The inability or other failure of our customers to fulfill their indemnification obligations, or the unenforceability of all of our contractual protections could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to our business Our business involves numerous operating hazards, and our insurance and indemnities from our customers may not be adequate to cover potential losses from our operations. 
 - 4 - 

Table of Contents 
 Markets Our operations are geographically dispersed in oil and gas exploration and development areas throughout the world. We operate in a single, global offshore drilling market, as our drilling rigs are mobile assets and can be moved according to prevailing market conditions. We may mobilize our drilling rigs between regions for a variety of reasons, including to respond to customer contracting requirements or to capture observed market demand. Consequently, we cannot predict the future percentage of our revenues that will be derived from particular geographic areas. As of February 9, 2023, the drilling units in our fleet, including stacked and idle rigs, but excluding rigs under construction, were located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico (nine units), Greece (seven units), the Norwegian North Sea (six units), Brazil (five units), Malaysia (three units), the United Kingdom (the U.K. North Sea (three units), Angola (one unit), Canada (one unit), India (one unit) and Suriname (one unit). We categorize the sectors of the floater market in which we operate as follows: (1) ultra-deepwater and deepwater, (2) harsh environment and (3) midwater. We typically employ our ultra-deepwater floaters to service the ultra-deepwater and deepwater sector, and we employ our harsh environment floaters to service all three sectors. We generally view the ultra-deepwater and deepwater market sector as water depths beginning at 4,500 feet and extending to the maximum water depths in which rigs are capable of drilling, which is currently up to 12,000 feet. The midwater market sector includes water depths from approximately 300 feet to approximately 4,500 feet. The harsh environment market sector includes regions that are more challenged by lower temperatures, harsher weather conditions and water currents. The market for offshore drilling rigs and related services reflects our customers demand for equipment for drilling exploration, appraisal and development wells and for performing maintenance on existing production wells. Activity levels of energy companies, including integrated energy companies, independent energy companies and, to a lesser extent, national energy companies are largely driven by the worldwide demand for energy, including crude oil and natural gas. Worldwide energy supply and demand drives oil and natural gas prices, which, in turn, impact energy companies ability to fund investments in exploration, development and production activities. See Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Outlook . Customers We provide our offshore drilling services to most of the leading integrated energy companies or their affiliates, as well as for many government-owned or government-controlled energy companies and other independent energy companies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our most significant customers were Shell plc (together with its affiliates, Shell ), Equinor ASA (together with its affiliates, Equinor and Petr leo Brasileiro S.A. (together with its affiliates, Petrobras ), representing approximately 33 percent, 25 percent and 11 percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating revenues. No other customers accounted for 10 percent or more of our consolidated operating revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, as of February 9, 2023, the customers with the most significant aggregate amount of contract backlog associated with our drilling contracts were Shell, Petrobras and Chevron Corporation (together with its affiliates, Chevron ), representing approximately 33 percent, 31 percent and 14 percent, respectively, of our total contract backlog. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to our business We rely heavily on a relatively small number of customers and the loss of a significant customer or a dispute that leads to the loss of a customer could have an adverse effect on our business. Human Capital Resources Worldwide workforce As of December 31, 2022, we had a global workforce of approximately 5,340 individuals, including approximately 300 contractors, representing 57 nationalities. At December 31, 2022, our global workforce was geographically distributed in 21 countries across five continents as follows: 38 percent in North America, 30 percent in Europe, 19 percent in South America, 8 percent in Asia and 5 percent in Africa. FIRST Shared Values and corporate culture Our FIRST Shared Values serve as the foundation for our corporate culture and guide us to act ethically and responsibly as we strive to deliver value for our stakeholders and to maintain a safe and respectful work environment for our people. Our Shared Values are as follows: Focused . We will consistently exceed the expectations of customers, shareholders and employees. Innovative . We will continuously advance our position as technical leaders, and relentlessly pursue improvement in all that we do. Reliable . We will execute flawlessly by ensuring that our equipment, processes and systems always perform as and when intended, and that our people are properly trained and motivated. Safe . Above all else, we will protect each other, the environment and our assets. We will conduct our operations in an incident-free environment, all the time, everywhere. Trusted . We will always act with integrity and professionalism, honor our commitments, comply with laws and regulations, respect local cultures, and be fiscally responsible. 
 Code of Integrity and Human Rights We maintain a Code of Integrity and Human Rights Policy that applies to all our board members, executives, employees and business partners, including contractors, suppliers, vendors, investees and joint venture partners. We demonstrate our respect of human rights by maintaining a healthy and safe work environment, observing fair employment practices and providing competitive employment terms. Practices such as modern slavery, child labor, forced or indentured servitude, and other human rights abuses are strictly prohibited. 
 - 5 - 

Table of Contents 
 Labor rights We respect the labor rights of all individuals in our workforce, including the right to collective bargaining. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 43 percent of our total workforce, working primarily in Norway, Brazil and the U.K., are represented by, and some of our contracted labor work is subject to, collective bargaining agreements, substantially all of which are subject to annual salary negotiation. Negotiations over annual salary or other labor matters could result in higher personnel or other costs or increased operational restrictions or disruptions. The outcome of any such negotiation generally affects the market for all offshore employees, not only union members. A failure to reach an agreement on certain key issues could result in strikes, lockouts or other work stoppages. Attraction, development and retention We aim to strategically cultivate a best-in-class workforce to offer the innovation, local knowledge and experience required of the world s premier offshore drilling contractor. We seek to maintain our competitive advantage while benefitting our local communities by offering regionally competitive compensation and benefits packages, a technically challenging work environment, global opportunities, and rotational development programs. We continually assess and adapt our offerings and our policies, based on evolving social and technological practices, to provide a modern work environment, which is essential to attract and retain top talent, and a respectful and inclusive work environment in which our global workforce can thrive. Our focus on the quality of our workforce is designed to maximize the quality of our work performance and ultimately, the value we deliver to our stakeholders. Training We invest in our workers by providing them with the transferrable skill sets essential to advancing their professional development. To optimize the competitive position of our business, we maintain a rigorous competency-based training program. Our internal training board maintains and regularly updates our training matrix to meet or exceed industry standards, and it oversees our competency assurance management system, which is accredited by the Offshore Petroleum Industry Training Organization. We provide various offshore training formats designed to encompass all learning styles through on-the-job, e-learning, customer-specific training, certifications, and leadership and licensing programs. Setting us apart from our competitors, we also offer unique simulation-based education, augmented by digital twin modeling, enabling our workforce to more accurately visualize equipment performance and target efficiencies. We clearly articulate to our workforce the certifications, skills and competencies needed for each role, and workers are required to successfully complete the relevant training and attain necessary certifications prior to taking on new roles. Wellness and benefits We offer our workforce regionally competitive medical and financial benefits, tailored to our workforce demographics. We design our wellness and benefits strategy under four pillars consisting of physical well-being, financial well-being, emotional well-being and social well-being, including our globally available employee assistance program. Safety Our safety vision is to conduct our operations in an incident-free workplace, all the time, everywhere. As a socially responsible company, we prioritize the protection of everyone aboard our rigs and in our facilities, the environment and our property at all work locations and during all operations. We require compliance with all local regulations and a comprehensive set of internal policies and procedures that govern our operations. With regular competency and effectiveness assessments, our highly trained crews are equipped to protect our operational integrity with the process-driven management of hazards to prevent and mitigate major accidents. We measure our safety performance in terms of widely accepted ratios with the use of industry standards, including (a) the total recordable incident rate TRIR ), which represents the number of recordable work-related injuries or illnesses for every 200,000 hours worked, and (b) the lost time incident rate LTIR ), which measures the number of incidents that result in lost time due to work-related injuries or illnesses for every 200,000 hours worked. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our TRIR was 0.21 and 0.26, respectively, and our LTIR was 0.00 and 0.02, respectively. Environmental Responsibility We strive to deliver services in a manner that both minimizes the impact our business has on the environment and supports the interests of our stakeholders. We continuously seek new ways to advance our commitment to safely performing operations while simultaneously safeguarding the environment. We maintain a global Environmental Management System EMS standard that is applied to our rigs, offices and facilities. The EMS is aligned to ISO 14001 and provides a framework to ensure that our worldwide operations are managed consistently and continuously in an environmentally responsible manner. We regularly assess the environmental impact of operations, focusing on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, operational discharges, water use and waste. Accordingly, we intend to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 40 percent from 2019 levels by 2030. Achieving these targets will require investments over time that result in the development and implementation of new technologies, reduced fuel consumption and other initiatives that enable us to optimize power management capabilities. Technological Innovation We have a long history of technological innovation, including the first dynamically positioned drillship, the first rig to drill year-round in the North Sea, the first semisubmersible rig for year-round sub-Arctic operations, the first 10,000-ft. water depth rated ultra-deepwater drillship and numerous water depth world records over the past several decades. Twenty-two drillships and two semisubmersibles in our existing fleet are, and our two drillships under construction will be, equipped with our patented dual-activity technology, which allows our rigs to perform simultaneous drilling tasks in a parallel rather than sequential manner, reducing well construction critical path activities and, thereby, improving efficiency in both exploration and development drilling. We develop and deploy industry-leading technology in the pursuit of delivering safer, more efficient and environmentally responsible drilling services. In addition to our patented dual-activity drilling technology, one of our drillships has, and one drillship under 
 - 6 - 

Table of Contents 
 construction will have, industry-leading 3.4 million-pound hoisting load capability. Six of our drillships and one of our drillships under construction include hybrid energy storage systems for enhanced drill floor equipment reliability, fuel and emissions savings as well as advanced generator protection for power plant reliability. Eleven drillships in our existing fleet are, and one of our drillships under construction will be, outfitted with dual blowout preventers and triple liquid mud systems. Six drillships in our existing fleet are designed to accept 20,000 psi blowout preventers in the future, and one of our drillships under construction will be equipped with dual 20,000 psi blowout preventers and related equipment. We also continue to develop and invest in technologies designed to optimize our performance, deliver ever improving operational integrity and reduce our carbon emissions. Seven of our harsh environment semisubmersibles are designed and constructed specifically to provide highly efficient performance in harsh environments. We have installed automated drilling control systems on six harsh environment floaters, which materially improves our ability to safely and efficiently deliver wells to our customers. We employ a data-driven approach by deploying technology, augmented by the size of our fleet, to expand our knowledge framework for sustainable process optimization. In 2020, we deployed our smart equipment analytics tool, which delivers real-time data feeds from equipment to monitor equipment health, inferred emissions and energy consumption while identifying performance trends that allow us to systematically optimize equipment maintenance and achieve higher levels of reliability, operational efficiency and sustainability. Driven by our continued focus on safety, we developed and, on five of our drilling units, deployed our patented HaloGuard system, which alarms, notifies and, if required, halts equipment to avoid injury to personnel who move into danger zones. We recently deployed the first unit of Enhanced Drilling s EC-Monitor system to an offshore installation, enabling highly accurate understanding of well fluid dynamics and improving the efficiency and accuracy of flow-checking and detecting flow anomalies. Additionally, in 2021, we deployed on one of our ultra-deepwater drillships the first kinetic blowout stopper, a step-changing technology that promotes operations integrity and enterprise risk reduction through unrivaled shearing capability. In 2022, we deployed an offshore robotic riser bolting tool on two of our ultra-deepwater drillships, improving our ability to deliver safe and efficient operations to our customers. We believe our efforts to continuously improve, and effectively use, innovative technologies to meet or exceed our customers requirements is critical to maintaining our competitive position within the contract drilling services industry by ensuring the safety of our crews, drilling more efficient wells, building greater resilience into our critical operating systems and reducing fuel consumption and emissions. Joint Venture, Agency and Sponsorship Relationships and Other Investments In some areas of the world, local customs and practice or governmental requirements necessitate the formation of joint ventures with local participation since local laws or customs in those areas effectively mandate the establishment of a relationship with a local agent or sponsor. When appropriate in these areas, we may enter into agency or sponsorship agreements. We also invest in certain companies for operational and strategic purposes. Some of these joint ventures or companies in which we are an investor are involved in researching and developing technology to improve efficiency, reliability, sustainability and safety for our drilling and other activities or are involved in businesses developed to support renewable or other energy alternatives. We may or may not control these partially owned companies. At December 31, 2022, we held partial ownership interests in companies organized in the Cayman Islands, the U.S., Norway, Canada and other countries. At December 31, 2022, among other equity investments, we held a 33 percent ownership interest in Orion, an unconsolidated Cayman Islands exempted company that owns the harsh environment semisubmersible Transocean Norge and we held a 20 percent ownership interest in Liquila, an unconsolidated Bermuda company formed to construct, own and operate the newbuild ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Aquila , which is currently under construction. Governmental Regulations Our operations are subject to a variety of international, national, regional, state and local government regulations, including environmental regulations. We monitor our compliance with such government regulations in each country of operation and, notwithstanding increases in governmental regulations, particularly general environmental regulations, we have made and will continue to make the required expenditures to comply with current and future government requirements. To date, we have not incurred material costs to comply with such governmental regulations, and we do not expect to make any material capital expenditures to support our continued compliance in the year ending December 31, 2023, or any other period contemplated at this time. We do not believe that our compliance with such requirements will have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, consolidated results of operations or cash flows. We incorporate by reference herein the disclosures on government regulations, including environmental regulations, contained in the following sections of this annual report on Form 10-K: Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to our laws, regulations and governmental compliance ; Item 3. Legal Proceedings ; Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters ; Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Income Taxes ; and Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies . 

 - 7 - 

Table of Contents 
 Available Information Our website address is www.deepwater.com . Information contained on or accessible from our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered a part of this report or any other filing that we make with the SEC. Furthermore, references to our website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. We make available on this website free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those materials with, or furnish those materials to, the SEC. You may also find on our website information related to our corporate governance, board committees and company code of business conduct and ethics. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov , which contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding SEC registrants, including us. We intend to satisfy the requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K to disclose any amendments to our Code of Integrity and any waiver from any provision of our Code of Integrity by posting such information in the Governance page on our website at www.deepwater.com . Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to our business Our business depends on the level of activity in the offshore oil and gas industry, which is significantly affected by volatile oil and gas prices and other factors. Our business depends on oil and gas exploration, development and production in offshore areas where we are capable of operating. Demand for our services depends on these activities and related expenditure levels that are directly affected by trends in oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas prices. Oil and gas prices are extremely volatile and are affected by numerous factors, including the following: worldwide demand for oil and gas, including economic activity in the U.S., other large energy-consuming markets and in developing and emerging markets, which was significantly impacted by COVID-19 and the governmental, company and individual reactions thereto; the ability of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC to set and maintain production levels, productive spare capacity and pricing among its members; the level of production in non-OPEC countries; inventory levels, and the cost and availability of storage and transportation of oil, gas and their related products; the policies, laws and regulations of various governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves and environmental matters, including those addressing alternative energy sources and the risks of global climate change; international sanctions on oil-producing countries, or the lifting of such sanctions; advances in exploration, development and production technology; the development, exploitation and market acceptance of alternative energy sources; the further development of shale technology to exploit oil and gas reserves; the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves and the rate of decline of existing oil and gas reserves; accidents, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other similar incidents relating to the oil and gas industry; and the worldwide security and political environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or outbreak of armed hostilities, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, public health threats or other crises. 
 Demand for our services is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, energy companies, including national energy companies. Prolonged reductions in oil and natural gas prices could depress the immediate levels of exploration, development and production activity. Perceptions of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices by energy companies, or a perception that the demand for hydrocarbons will significantly decrease in the medium to long term, could similarly reduce or defer major expenditures given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects and capital reinvestment policies. Lower levels of activity result in a corresponding decline in the demand for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. Oil and gas prices and market expectations of potential changes in these prices significantly affect this level of activity. However, increases in near-term commodity prices do not necessarily translate into increased offshore drilling activity since customers expectations of longer-term future commodity prices and expectations regarding future demand for hydrocarbons typically have a greater impact on demand for our rigs. Consistent with this dynamic, customers may delay or cancel many exploration and development programs, resulting in reduced demand for our services. Also, increased competition for customers drilling budgets could come from, among other areas, land-based energy markets worldwide. The availability of quality drilling prospects, exploration success, relative production costs, the stage of reservoir development and political and regulatory environments also affect customers drilling campaigns. Worldwide military, political and economic events have often contributed to oil and gas price volatility and are likely to do so in the future. The offshore drilling industry is highly competitive and cyclical, with intense price competition. The offshore contract drilling industry is highly competitive with numerous industry participants, none of which has a dominant market share. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. Although rig availability, service quality and technical capability are drivers of customer contract awards, bid pricing and intense price competition are often key determinants for which a qualified contractor is awarded a job. 
 - 8 - 

Table of Contents 
 The offshore drilling industry is highly cyclical and is impacted by oil and natural gas price levels and volatility. Periods of high customer demand, limited rig supply and high dayrates have been followed by periods of low customer demand, excess rig supply and low dayrates. Changes in commodity prices can have a dramatic effect on rig demand, and periods of excess rig supply may intensify competition in the industry and result in the idling of older and less technologically advanced equipment. We have idled and stacked rigs, and may in the future idle or stack additional rigs or enter into lower dayrate drilling contracts in response to market conditions. Idled or stacked rigs may remain out of service for extended periods of time. During prior periods of high dayrates and rig utilization rates, we and other industry participants responded to increased customer demand by increasing the supply of rigs through ordering the construction of new units. The introduction of new units delivered without contracts, combined with an increased number of rigs in the global market completing contracts and becoming idle, would intensify price competition. During periods of low oil and natural gas price levels, new construction has resulted in an oversupply of rigs and has caused a subsequent decline in dayrates and rig utilization rates, sometimes for extended periods of time. In an oversupplied market, we may have limited bargaining power to negotiate on more favorable terms. Additionally, lower market dayrates and intense price competition may drive customers to seek to renegotiate existing contracts to reduce dayrates in exchange for longer contract terms. Lower dayrates and rig utilization rates could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. As of February 9, 2023, we have 13 uncontracted rigs, of which five have been out of service for greater than five years, and these rigs may remain out of service for extended periods of time. We also have a noncontrolling ownership interest in a company that has an uncontracted newbuild drillship under construction. If we are unable to obtain drilling contracts for our uncontracted rigs, whether due to a prolonged offshore drilling market downturn, a delayed or muted recovery of such market or otherwise, it may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. We may not be able to renew or obtain new drilling contracts for rigs whose contracts are expiring or obtain drilling contracts for our stacked and idle rigs. The offshore drilling markets in which we compete experience fluctuations in the demand for drilling services. Our ability to renew expiring drilling contracts or obtain new drilling contracts depends on the prevailing or expected market conditions. As of February 9, 2023, we have 13 stacked or idle rigs. We also have seven existing drilling contracts for our rigs that are currently operating, which are scheduled to expire before December 31, 2023. We may be unable to obtain drilling contracts for our rigs that are currently operating upon the expiration or termination of such contracts, and there may be a gap in the operation of the rigs between the current contracts and subsequent contracts. When oil and natural gas prices are low or it is expected that such prices will decrease in the future, we may be unable to obtain drilling contracts at attractive dayrates or at all. We may not be able to obtain new drilling contracts with the terms or dayrates sufficient to support a reactivation of a cold stacked rig. Likewise, we may not be able to obtain new drilling contracts in direct continuation with existing contracts, or depending on prevailing market conditions, we may enter into drilling contracts at dayrates substantially below the existing dayrates or on terms otherwise less favorable compared to existing contract terms, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Our current backlog of contract drilling revenues may not be fully realized. At February 9, 2023, our contract backlog was approximately 8.54 billion. This amount represents the maximum contractual operating dayrate multiplied by the number of days remaining in the firm contract period, excluding revenues for mobilization, demobilization, contract preparation, other incentive provisions or reimbursement revenues, which are not expected to be significant to our contract drilling revenues. Our contract backlog includes amounts associated with our one contracted newbuild unit that is currently under construction. The contractual operating dayrate may be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive or an alternative contractual dayrate, such as waiting on weather rate, repair rate, standby rate or force majeure rate, may apply under certain circumstances. The contractual operating dayrate may also be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive due to a number of factors, including rig downtime or suspension of operations. Several factors could cause rig downtime or a suspension of operations, including: equipment breakdowns and other unforeseen engineering problems, labor strikes and other work stoppages, shortages of material and skilled labor, surveys by government and maritime authorities, periodic classification surveys, severe weather or harsh operating conditions, and force majeure events. In certain drilling contracts, the dayrate may be reduced to zero if, for example, repairs extend beyond a stated period of time. Our contract backlog includes only firm commitments, which are represented by signed drilling contracts or, in some cases, other definitive agreements awaiting contract execution. We may not be able to realize the full amount of our contract backlog due to events beyond our control. In addition, some of our customers have experienced liquidity issues in the past, including some recently, and these liquidity issues could be experienced again if commodity prices decline for an extended period of time. Liquidity issues and other market pressures could lead our customers to seek bankruptcy protection or to seek to repudiate, cancel or renegotiate these agreements for various reasons (see Our drilling contracts may be terminated due to a number of events, and, during depressed market conditions, our customers may seek to repudiate or renegotiate their contracts ). Our inability to realize the full amount of our contract backlog may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 - 9 - 

Table of Contents 
 We must make substantial capital and operating expenditures to reactivate our stacked or idle fleet and to maintain our active fleet, and we may be required to make significant capital expenditures to maintain our competitiveness and to comply with laws and applicable regulations and standards of governmental authorities and organizations. We must make substantial capital and operating expenditures to maintain our active fleet or to reactivate our stacked or idle fleet. These expenditures could increase as a result of changes in the cost of labor and materials, requirements of customers, the size of our fleet, the cost of replacement parts for existing rigs, the geographic location of the rigs and the length of drilling contracts. Changes in offshore drilling technology, customer requirements for new or upgraded equipment and competition within our industry may require us to make significant capital expenditures in order to maintain our competitiveness and to achieve our intention to reduce our greenhouse gas emission intensity. Changes in governmental regulations, including environmental requirements, and changes in safety or other equipment standards, as well as compliance with standards imposed by maritime self-regulatory organizations, may cause our capital expenditures to increase or require us to make additional unforeseen capital expenditures. As a result of these factors, we may be required to take our rigs out of service for extended periods of time, with corresponding losses of revenues, in order to make such alterations or to add such equipment. In the future, market conditions may not justify these expenditures or enable us to operate our older rigs profitably during the remainder of their economic lives. If we are unable to fund capital expenditures with our cash flows from operations or proceeds from sales of non-strategic assets, we may be required to either incur additional borrowings or raise capital through the sale of debt or equity securities, or additional financing arrangements with banks or other capital providers. Our ability to access the capital markets may be limited by our financial condition at the time, perceptions of us or our industry, by changes in laws and regulations or interpretation thereof and by adverse market conditions resulting from, among other things, general economic conditions and contingencies and uncertainties that are beyond our control. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities or other securities that are convertible into equity securities, existing shareholders may experience dilution. Our failure to obtain the funds for necessary future capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our business and on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Our operating and maintenance costs will not necessarily fluctuate in proportion to changes in our operating revenues. Our operating and maintenance costs will not necessarily fluctuate in proportion to changes in our operating revenues and are affected by many factors, including inflation. Costs for operating a rig are generally fixed or only semi-variable regardless of the dayrate being earned. To the extent a drilling contract provides for escalations attributable to inflation in our costs, those adjustments will lag the impact of inflationary pressures and may not reflect the full impact to us of any cost inflation. As drilling contracts with such provisions expire or are terminated, there can be no assurance that future drilling contracts will contain similar provisions, which may reduce our margins in inflationary environments. In addition, should our rigs incur unplanned downtime while on contract or idle time between drilling contracts, we will not always reduce the staff on those rigs because we could use the crew to prepare the rig for its next contract. During times of reduced activity, reductions in costs may not be immediate because portions of the crew may be required to prepare rigs for stacking, after which time the crew members may be reassigned to active rigs or released. As our rigs are mobilized from one geographic location to another, the labor and other operating and maintenance costs can vary significantly. In general, labor costs increase primarily due to higher salary levels and inflation. Equipment maintenance costs fluctuate depending upon the type of activity the unit is performing and the age and condition of the equipment, and these costs could increase for short or extended periods as a result of regulatory or customer requirements that raise maintenance standards above historical levels. The amount of contract preparation and reactivation costs vary based on the scope and length of the contract preparation or reactivation project, and the recognition of such costs varies depending on the duration of the firm contractual period and other contract terms. Certain of our drilling contracts are partially payable in local currency. The amounts, if any, of local currency received under these drilling contracts may exceed our local currency needs to pay local operating and maintenance costs, leading to an accumulation of excess local currency balances, which, in certain instances, may be subject to either restrictions or other difficulties in converting to U.S. dollars, our functional currency, or to other currencies of the locations where we operate. Excess amounts of local currency may also be exposed to the risk of currency exchange losses. Public and investor sentiment towards climate change, fossil fuels and other esg matters could adversely affect our business, cost of capital and the price of our stock and other securities. Changing public sentiment concerning fossil fuels, aimed at the investment community, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities and other groups, has prompted efforts to promote the divestment of shares of energy companies, as well as to pressure lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with energy companies. These efforts have recently intensified, as demonstrated by the State of New York s December 2020 announcement that it will be divesting the state s Common Retirement Fund from fossil fuels by 2040. If this or similar divestment efforts are successful, our stock price and our ability to access capital markets may be negatively impacted. Members of the investment community are also increasing their focus on environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosures, including practices and disclosures related to greenhouse gases and climate change, in the energy industry in particular, and diversity and inclusion initiatives and governance standards among public companies more generally. As a result, we may face 
 - 10 - 

Table of Contents 
 increasing pressure regarding our ESG disclosures and practices. Additionally, members of the investment community may screen companies such as ours for ESG sustainability performance before investing in our stock. Over the past few years there has also been an acceleration in investor demand for ESG investing opportunities, and many large institutional investors have committed to increasing the percentage of their portfolios that are allocated towards ESG investments. As a result, there has been a proliferation of ESG focused investment funds seeking ESG oriented investment products. If we or our securities are unable to meet the sustainability ESG standards or investment criteria set by these investors and funds, we may lose investors or investors may allocate a portion of their capital away from us, our cost of capital may increase, our stock price may be negatively impacted, the cost of capital associated with our securities offerings may increase and our reputation may be negatively affected. Public health threats have had, and may continue to have, significant adverse consequences for general economic, financial and business conditions, as well as for our business and operations. Public health threats, including pandemics and epidemics, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, new variants thereof, severe influenza, other coronaviruses and other highly communicable viruses or diseases, have impacted and may continue to impact our operations directly or indirectly, including by disrupting the operations of our business partners, suppliers and customers in ways that adversely impact our operations. Such impacts may include, among others: causing a temporary shut-down of operations in case of an outbreak on one or more of our rigs;
 disrupting or restricting the ability of our suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to supply parts, equipment labor or services in the jurisdictions in which we operate or conduct shipyard activities including newbuild construction;
 causing us to incur increased costs, inefficiencies, and labor shortages as a result of precautionary measures taken to counteract a potential or actual outbreak, including testing and quarantining of offshore personnel; and
 being negatively affected by various actions by governmental authorities around the world designed to prevent or reduce the spread of an outbreak, such as imposing mandatory closures of all business facilities deemed to be non-essential, seeking voluntary closures of such facilities and imposing restrictions on, or issuing advisories with respect to, travel, business operations and public gatherings or interactions.
 
 As a result, we may experience significant adverse consequences in our ability to meet our commitments to customers, including due to increased operating costs and increased risk of rig downtime or contract termination, which may result in substantial adverse consequences for our business and results of operations. In addition, public health threats may result in significantly reduced global or regional economic activity, which could result in a sharp reduction in the demand for oil and an associated decline in oil prices as occurred during 2020. Such conditions may result in, reductions to our customers drilling and production expenditures and delays or cancellations of projects, which may cause a decrease in demand for our services and an increase in the risk that our customers may seek to terminate or renegotiate pricing or other terms for our existing contracts or that more of our rigs may become idle, stacked or retired from our fleet. The magnitude and duration of potential social, economic and labor instability resulting from such public health threats, including the speed at which national economies can recover, or whether any recovery will ultimately experience a reversal or other setbacks, are uncertain and cannot be estimated as such effects depend on future events that would be largely out of our control. We rely heavily on a relatively small number of customers and the loss of a significant customer or a dispute that leads to the loss of a customer could have an adverse effect on our business. We engage in offshore drilling services for most of the leading integrated energy companies or their affiliates, as well as for many government-owned or government-controlled energy companies and other independent energy companies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our most significant customers were Shell, Equinor and Petrobras, representing approximately 33 percent, 25 percent and 11 percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating revenues. As of February 9, 2023, the customers with the most significant aggregate amount of contract backlog associated with our drilling contracts were Shell, Petrobras and Chevron, representing approximately 33 percent, 31 percent, and 14 percent, respectively, of our total contract backlog. The loss of any of these customers or another significant customer, or a decline in payments under any of our drilling contracts, could, at least in the short term, have an adverse effect on our business. Our business involves numerous operating hazards, and our insurance and indemnities from our customers may not be adequate to cover potential losses from our operations. Our operations are subject to the usual hazards inherent in the drilling of oil and gas wells, such as, blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control, lost or stuck drill strings, equipment defects, craterings, fires, explosions and pollution. Contract drilling requires the use of heavy equipment and exposure to hazardous conditions, which may subject us to liability claims by employees, customers and other parties. These hazards can cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment, pollution or environmental or natural resource damage, claims by third parties or customers and suspension of operations. Our offshore fleet is also subject to hazards inherent in marine operations, either while on site or during mobilization, such as capsizing, sinking, grounding, collision, piracy, damage from severe weather and marine life infestations. The U.S. Gulf of Mexico, the South China Sea and the Northwest Coast of Australia are areas subject to typhoons, hurricanes or other extreme weather conditions on a relatively frequent basis, and our drilling rigs in these regions may be exposed to damage or total loss by these storms, some of which may not be covered by insurance. The occurrence of these events could result in the suspension of drilling operations, damage to or destruction of the equipment involved and injury to or death of rig personnel. Some experts believe global climate 
 - 11 - 

Table of Contents 
 change could increase the frequency and severity of these extreme weather conditions. Operations may also be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services, or personnel shortages. We customarily provide contract indemnity to our customers for certain claims that could be asserted by us relating to damage to or loss of our equipment, including rigs, and claims that could be asserted by us or our employees relating to personal injury or loss of life. Damage to the environment or natural resources could also result from our operations, particularly through spillage of hydrocarbons, fuel, lubricants or other chemicals and substances used in drilling operations, or extensive uncontrolled fires. We may also be subject to property damage, environmental indemnity and other claims by energy companies or other third parties. Drilling involves certain risks associated with the loss of control of a well, such as blowout, cratering, the cost to regain control of or redrill the well and remediation of associated pollution. Our customers may be unable or unwilling to indemnify us against such risks. In addition, a court may decide that certain indemnities in our current or future drilling contracts are not enforceable. The law generally considers contractual indemnity for criminal fines and penalties to be against public policy, and the enforceability of an indemnity as to other matters may be limited. Our insurance policies and drilling contracts contain rights to indemnity that may not adequately cover our losses, and we do not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks. We have two main types of insurance coverage: (1) hull and machinery coverage for physical damage to our property and equipment and (2) excess liability coverage, which generally covers offshore risks, such as personal injury, third-party property claims, and third-party non-crew claims, including wreck removal and pollution. We generally have no hull and machinery insurance coverage for damages caused by named storms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. We maintain per occurrence deductibles that generally range up to 10 million for various third-party liabilities, and we self-insure 50 million of the 750 million excess liability coverage through our wholly owned captive insurance company. We also retain the risk for any liability that exceeds our excess liability coverage. However, pollution and environmental risks generally are not completely insurable. If a significant accident or other event occurs that is not fully covered by our insurance or by an enforceable or recoverable indemnity, the occurrence could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The amount of our insurance may also be less than the related impact on enterprise value after a loss. Our insurance coverage will not in all situations provide sufficient funds to protect us from all liabilities that could result from our drilling operations. Our coverage includes annual aggregate policy limits. As a result, we generally retain the risk for any losses in excess of these limits. We generally do not carry insurance for loss of revenue, and certain other claims may also not be reimbursed by insurance carriers. Any such lack of reimbursement may cause us to incur substantial costs. In addition, we could decide to retain more risk in the future, resulting in higher risk of losses, which could be material. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable or be able to obtain insurance against certain risks. Our drilling contracts may be terminated due to a number of events, and, during depressed market conditions, our customers may seek to repudiate or renegotiate their contracts. Certain of our drilling contracts with customers may be cancelable at the option of the customer upon payment of an early termination payment. Such payments may not, however, fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. For example, early in the fourth quarter of 2022, Transocean Equinox concluded the activities contemplated in its drilling contract prior to the end of the contract s firm term that was previously expected late in the fourth quarter of 2022. The termination payment associated with the drilling contract would not fully compensate us for the early termination of the contract. Drilling contracts also customarily provide for either automatic termination or termination at the option of the customer, typically without the payment of any termination fee, under various circumstances such as non-performance, as a result of significant downtime or impaired performance caused by equipment or operational issues, or sustained periods of downtime due to force majeure events, many of which are beyond our control. Certain customers who seek to terminate our drilling contracts may attempt to defeat or circumvent our protections against certain liabilities. Our customers ability to perform their obligations under their drilling contracts, including their ability to fulfill their indemnity obligations to us, may also be negatively impacted by an economic downturn. Our customers, which include national energy companies, often have significant bargaining leverage over us. If our customers cancel some of our contracts, and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, or if contracts are suspended for an extended period of time or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated on terms that are not as favorable as current terms, it could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. During periods of depressed market conditions, such as we have recently experienced, we are subject to an increased counterparty risk, as our customers may seek to repudiate their contracts, including through claims of non-performance in order to reduce their capital expenditures. Our customers may no longer need a drilling rig that is currently under contract or may be able to obtain a comparable drilling rig at a lower dayrate. We have experienced, and are at continued risk of experiencing, early contract terminations when there is a weak commodity price environment. The ability of each of our counterparties to perform its obligations under a contract with us, including indemnity obligations, will depend on a number of factors that are beyond our control and may include, among other things, general economic conditions, the condition of the offshore drilling industry, prevailing prices for oil and natural gas, the overall financial condition of the counterparty, the dayrates received and the level of expenditures necessary to maintain drilling activities. Should a counterparty fail to honor its obligations under an agreement with us, we could sustain losses, which could have an adverse effect on our business and on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 - 12 - 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to recruit and retain personnel could hurt our operations. We depend on the continuing efforts of key members of our management, as well as other highly skilled personnel, to operate and provide technical services and support for our business worldwide. Historically, competition for the personnel required for drilling operations has intensified as the number of rigs activated, added to worldwide fleets or under construction increased, leading to shortages of qualified personnel in the industry and creating upward pressure on wages and higher turnover. We may experience a reduction in the experience level of our personnel as a result of any increased turnover, which could lead to higher downtime and more operating incidents, which in turn could decrease revenues and increase costs. If increased competition for qualified personnel were to intensify in the future we may experience increases in costs or limits on operations. Our labor costs and the operating restrictions under which we operate could increase as a result of collective bargaining negotiations and additional unionization efforts. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 43 percent of our total workforce, working primarily in Norway, Brazil and the U.K., are represented by, and some of our contracted labor work is subject to, collective bargaining agreements, substantially all of which are subject to annual salary negotiation. Negotiations over annual salary or other labor matters could result in higher personnel or other costs or increased operational restrictions or disruptions. The outcome of any such negotiation generally affects the market for all offshore employees, not only the union members. A failure to reach an agreement on certain key issues could result in strikes, lockouts, or other work stoppages. Legislation has been introduced in the U.S. Congress that could encourage additional unionization efforts in the U.S., as well as increase the chances that such efforts succeed. Additional unionization efforts, if successful, new collective bargaining agreements or work stoppages could materially increase our labor costs and operating restrictions. Our shipyard projects and operations are subject to delays and cost overruns. We have a variety of shipyard projects underway for our existing rigs at any given time. Additionally, as of February 14, 2023, we were constructing one ultra-deepwater drillship and held a noncontrolling ownership interest in a company that is constructing one ultra-deepwater drillship. These shipyard projects are subject to the risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any such construction project resulting from numerous factors, including the following: complications arising from pandemics and epidemics, such severe influenza, coronaviruses and other highly communicable viruses or diseases, and associated government orders in the country where the rigs are being constructed or serviced and elsewhere; shipyard availability, failures and difficulties; shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; failure or delayed deliveries of significant materials or equipment for various reasons, including due to supplier shortages, constraints, disruption or quality issues; design and engineering problems, including those relating to the commissioning of newly designed equipment; latent damages or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of engineering estimates and assumptions; unanticipated actual or purported change orders; disputes with shipyards and suppliers; availability of suppliers to recertify equipment for enhanced regulations; strikes, labor disputes and work stoppages; customer acceptance delays or delays in providing customer-supplied engineering, approvals or equipment; adverse weather conditions, including damage caused by such conditions; terrorist acts, war, piracy and civil unrest; unanticipated cost increases; and difficulty in obtaining necessary permits or approvals. 
 These factors may contribute to cost variations and delays in the delivery of rigs undergoing shipyard projects or any future newbuild units. Cost variations may result in, among other things, disputes with the shipyards that construct or service our drilling units. In addition, delayed delivery of our newbuild units or other rigs undergoing shipyard projects would impact contract commencement, resulting in a loss of revenues we could earn, and may also cause customers to terminate or shorten the term of the drilling contract for the rig pursuant to applicable late delivery clauses. In the event of termination of any of these drilling contracts, we may not be able to secure a replacement contract on as favorable terms, if at all. Our operations also rely on a significant supply of capital and consumable spare parts and equipment to maintain and repair our fleet. We also rely on the supply of ancillary services, including supply boats and helicopters. Our reliance on our suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to secure equipment, parts, components and sub-systems used in our operations exposes us to volatility in the quality, prices and availability of such items. Certain parts and equipment that we use in our operations may be available only from a small number of suppliers, manufacturers or service providers, or in some cases must be sourced through a single supplier, manufacturer or service provider. Some parts and equipment require long lead times to obtain, and an unplanned failure or other need to replace any such parts and equipment may result in a longer than usual time to obtain them or require us to pay higher costs to obtain them on an expedited basis. A disruption in the deliveries from our suppliers, manufacturers or service providers, capacity constraints, production disruptions, price increases, quality control issues, recalls or other decreased availability of parts and equipment or ancillary services could adversely affect our ability to meet our commitments to customers, adversely impact our operations, increase our operating costs and result in increases in rig downtime and delays in the repair and maintenance of our fleet. 
 - 13 - 

Table of Contents 
 As part of our business strategies, We may pursue opportunities to strengthen and broaden our business that include acquisitions of businesses or drilling rigs, mergers or joint ventures or other investments, and such transactions would present various risks and uncertainties. We may pursue transactions that involve the acquisition of businesses or assets, mergers or joint ventures or other investments that we believe will enable us to further strengthen or broaden our business. Any such transaction would be evaluated on a case-by-case basis, and the consummation thereof would be dependent upon several factors, including identifying suitable companies, businesses or assets that align with our business strategies, reaching agreement with the potential counterparties on acceptable terms, the receipt of any applicable regulatory and other approvals, and other conditions. These transactions involve various risks, including among others, (i) difficulties related to integrating or managing applicable parts of an acquired business or joint venture and unanticipated changes in customer and other third-party relationships subsequent to closing, (ii) diversion of management s attention from day-to-day operations, (iii) failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings, revenue enhancements or strengthening or broadening our business, (iv) potentially substantial transaction costs associated with acquisitions, joint ventures or investments if we or a transaction counterparty seeks to exit or terminate an interest in the joint venture or investment, and (v) potential accounting impairment or actual diminution or loss of value of our investment if future market, business or other conditions ultimately differ from our assumptions at the time of such transaction is consummated. Failure to effectively and timely address the transition to renewable or other alternative energy sources, or to respond to other climate related business trends, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Our long-term success will be impacted by our ability to effectively address the transition to renewable and other alternative energy sources, and our ability to respond to other climate-related business trends that could adversely impact the long-term demand for oil and natural gas and, ultimately, the demand for our services and products from our services. Addressing increased focus on the development of additional alternative energy sources and other climate-related business trends has required and will further require adapting certain parts of our operations to changing government requirements and customer preferences. We continue to engage with existing and potential customers and suppliers to develop or implement solutions designed to reduce or decarbonize oil and gas operations, or to advance renewable and other alternative energy sources. Nonetheless, as it is not possible at this time to predict the timing, scope and effect of the development of and transition to renewable or other alternative energy sources, any such developments, such as the declining cost of renewable energy generation technologies, could adversely impact the long-term global demand for oil and natural gas and, ultimately, the demand for our services and products from our services. If the transition to alternative energy sources or other climate-related trends change faster than anticipated or develop in a manner that we do not anticipate, our business, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. If we do not or are perceived to not effectively implement a strategy that incorporates alternative energy sources, or if investors or financial institutions shift funding away from companies in fossil fuel-related industries, our access to capital or the market for our securities could be negatively impacted. Our aspirations, goals, commitment targets and initiatives related to sustainability, including emissions reduction, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks. We have developed, and will continue to develop and set, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our commitment target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity. Statements related to these goals, commitment targets and objectives reflect our current intentions and do not constitute a guarantee that they will be achieved. Our efforts to research, establish, accomplish, and accurately report on these goals, commitment targets, and other objectives expose us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, commitment target, or objective, including with respect to emissions intensity reduction, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control. Our business may face increased scrutiny from investors and other stakeholders related to our sustainability activities, including the goals, commitment targets, and other objectives that we announce, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. If our sustainability assumptions or practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment or business partner could be negatively affected. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our sustainability-focused goals, targets, and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to satisfy various reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could adversely affect our business or reputation, as well as expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 - 14 - 

Table of Contents 
 Risks related to our indebtedness We have a substantial amount of debt, including secured debt, and we may lose the ability to obtain future financing and suffer competitive disadvantages. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total debt was 7.35 billion and 7.17 billion, respectively, of which 2.19 billion and 2.30 billion, respectively, was secured. We have a bank credit agreement (as amended, the Secured Credit Facility ), which is currently undrawn, the borrowings under which would be secured. This substantial level of debt and other obligations could have significant adverse consequences on our business and future prospects, including the following: we may be unable to obtain financing in the future to refinance our existing debt or for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, distributions, share repurchases, or other purposes; we may be unable to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service the debt; we could become more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including increases in interest rates, particularly given our substantial indebtedness, some of which bears interest at variable rates; we may be unable to meet financial ratios in the agreements governing certain of our debt facilities and finance lease or satisfy certain other covenants and conditions included in our debt agreements, which could result in our inability to meet requirements for borrowings under our credit agreement or a default under these agreements, impose restrictions with respect to our access to certain of our capital, and trigger cross default provisions in our other debt instruments; if we default under the terms of our secured financing arrangements, the secured debtholders may, among other things, foreclose on the collateral securing the debt, including the applicable drilling units; we may be unable to obtain new investment or financing given recent ESG-influenced trends among many financial intermediaries, investors and other capital markets participants in reducing, or ceasing, lending to, or investing in, companies that operate in industries with higher perceived environmental exposure; and we may be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities and to react to changes in market or industry conditions than our less levered competitors. 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Credit rating agencies have rated our debt below investment grade, which could limit our access to capital and have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The ratings assigned to our debt securities by certain credit rating agencies (our Debt Ratings are below investment grade. Our Debt Ratings could have adverse consequences for our business and future prospects and could cause the following: limitations on our ability to access debt markets, including for the purpose of refinancing our existing debt and replacing or extending our Secured Credit Facility; less favorable terms and conditions on any refinancing arrangements, debt issuances or bank credit agreements, some of which could require collateral and restrict, among other things, our ability to pay distributions or repurchase shares; increases to certain fees under our Secured Credit Facility and the interest rate under the indenture governing the 7.35 senior notes due December 2041, which has reached the maximum rate increase of 2 percent pursuant to the indenture due to the downgrades of certain credit rating agencies; reduced willingness of current and prospective customers, suppliers and creditors to transact business with us; requirements from creditors, suppliers or customers for additional insurance, guarantees and collateral; limitations on our access to bank and third-party guarantees, surety bonds and letters of credit; and reductions to or eliminations of the level of credit suppliers and financial institutions may provide through payment terms or intraday funding when dealing with us thereby increasing the need for higher levels of cash on hand, which would decrease our ability to repay debt balances. 
 Our Debt Ratings have caused some of the effects listed above, and any further downgrades may cause or exacerbate, any of the effects listed above and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Worldwide financial, economic and political conditions could restrict our ability to access the capital markets, reduce our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions and reduce demand for our services. Worldwide financial and economic conditions could restrict our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to access such markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. Worldwide economic conditions have in the past impacted, and could in the future impact, the lenders participating in our credit facilities and our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. If economic conditions preclude or limit financing from banking institutions participating in our credit facilities, we may not be able to obtain similar financing from other institutions. A slowdown in economic activity could further reduce worldwide demand for energy and extend or worsen the recovery from low oil and natural gas prices. These potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, turmoil and hostilities in the Middle East, Ukraine, North Africa and other geographic areas and countries present incremental risk. An extended period of negative outlook for the world economy could further reduce the overall demand for oil and natural gas and for our services. A further decline in oil and natural gas prices or an extension of the current low oil and natural gas prices could reduce demand for our drilling services and have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 - 15 - 

Table of Contents 
 Risks related to laws, regulations and governmental compliance Impact of increasingly stringent environmental and safety laws and our compliance with or breach of such laws can be costly, expose us to liability and could limit our operations. Our business is affected by laws and regulations relating to the energy industry and the environment and safety, including international conventions and treaties, and regional, national, state, and local laws and regulations. Our business also depends on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration and production industry, and, accordingly, we are directly affected by the adoption of laws and regulations that, for economic, environmental or other policy reasons, curtail, delay or impose additional compliance costs and obligations related to the exploration and development drilling for oil and gas. Offshore drilling in certain areas has been curtailed and, in certain cases, prohibited because of environmental or safety concerns. In addition, compliance with environmental and safety laws, regulations and standards, where applicable, may require us to make significant capital expenditures, such as the installation of costly equipment or implementation of operational changes, and may affect the resale values or useful lives of our rigs. We may also incur additional costs in order to comply with other existing and future regulatory obligations or industry standards, including, but not limited to, costs relating to air emissions, including greenhouse gases, the management of ballast waters, maintenance and inspection, development and implementation of emergency procedures and maintenance of insurance coverage or other financial assurance of our ability to address pollution incidents. In the last decade, enhanced governmental safety and environmental requirements applicable to our operations were adopted by U.S. federal agencies for drilling in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. These requirements have caused increased compliance costs and may in the future increase the risk of environmental or safety enforcement cases and litigation and cause operators to have difficulties obtaining drilling permits in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. In addition, the oil and gas industry has adopted equipment and operating standards, such as the American Petroleum Institute Standard 53, related to the installation and testing of well control equipment. A failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in administrative and civil penalties, criminal sanctions or the suspension or termination of our operations. Additionally, our customers may elect to voluntarily comply with any non-mandatory laws, regulations or other standards. Any such safety, environmental and other regulatory restrictions or standards, including voluntary customer compliance with respect thereto, could decrease, disrupt or delay operations, decrease demand for offshore drilling services, increase operating costs and compliance costs or penalties, increase out-of-service time, decrease dayrates, or reduce the area of operations for drilling rigs in the U.S. and non-U.S. offshore areas. Any such effects could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. To the extent new laws are enacted, existing laws are changed or other governmental actions are taken that prohibit or restrict offshore drilling or impose additional environmental protection and safety requirements that result in increased costs to the oil and gas industry, in general, or the offshore drilling industry, in particular, our business or prospects could be materially adversely affected. The operation of our drilling rigs will require certain governmental approvals, some of which may involve public hearings and costly undertakings on our part. We may not obtain such approvals or such approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner. If we fail to timely secure the necessary governmental approvals or permits, our customers may have the right to terminate or seek to renegotiate their drilling contracts to our detriment. The amendment or modification of existing laws and regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations curtailing or further regulating exploratory or development drilling or production of oil and gas and compliance with any such new or amended legislation or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business or on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As a contract driller with operations in certain offshore areas, we may be liable for damages and costs incurred in connection with oil spills or disposal of wastes related to those operations, and we may also be subject to significant fines and other liabilities in connection with spills. For example, an oil spill could result in significant liability, including fines, penalties and criminal liability and remediation, restoration or compensation costs for environmental or natural resource damages, as well as third-party damages, to the extent that the contractual indemnification provisions in our drilling contracts are not enforceable or otherwise sufficient, or if our customers are unwilling or unable to contractually indemnify us against these risks. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain such indemnities in our future drilling contracts, and our customers may not have the financial capability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us. Also, these indemnities may be held to be unenforceable in certain jurisdictions, as a result of public policy or for other reasons. Environmental and safety laws and regulations protecting the environment have become increasingly stringent and may in some cases impose strict liability on facility or vessel owners or operators, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence. These laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. The application of these requirements or the adoption of new requirements or measures could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Regulatory and various other risks, including litigation, associated with greenhouse gases, other emissions and climate change could have an adverse impact on our business and demand for our services. Scientific studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, including greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide and methane, contribute to warming of the earth s atmosphere and other climatic changes. In response to such studies, the issue of climate change and the effect of greenhouse gas emissions, in particular emissions from the fossil fuel industry, has attracted and continues to attract considerable political and social attention worldwide. The attention to climate change has led, and we expect it to continue to lead, to additional regulations designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions domestically and internationally. In August 2022, for example, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which contains hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, amongst other provisions. Such attention could also result in other adverse impacts for the oil and gas industry, including further restrictions or bans 
 - 16 - 

Table of Contents 
 imposed by lawmakers, lawsuits by governments or third-parties seeking recoveries for damages resulting from the combustion of fuels that may contribute to climate change effects, decreased demand for goods or services that produce significant greenhouse gas emissions, or reduced interest from investors if they elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments to non-fossil fuel related sectors. To the extent financial markets view climate change and greenhouse emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively impact our cost of or access to capital. Because our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements related to greenhouse gases and climate change, or related political, litigation or financial risks, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, could have a negative impact on our business if such laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements reduce the worldwide demand for oil and gas or limit drilling opportunities. In addition, such laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements or related risks could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, which may have an adverse effect on our business. Further, some experts believe global climate change could increase the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions, the impacts of which could interfere with our operations, cause damage to our equipment as well as cause other financial and operational impacts, including those that could result from any impact of such conditions on our customers. We could also face increased climate-related litigation with respect to our operations both in the U.S. and around the world. Governmental and other entities in various U.S. states, such as California and New York, have filed lawsuits against coal, gas oil and petroleum companies. These suits allege damages as a result of climate change, and the plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories. Similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions both in the U.S. and globally. Though we are not currently a party to any such lawsuit, these suits present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies, including offshore drillers, face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change, which risk would also adversely impact the oil and gas industry and impact demand for our services. Any restrictions on oil and natural gas operations on the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf OCS could have an adverse impact on our business and demand for our services. The U.S. Department of the Interior DOI administers the submerged lands, subsoil, and seabed, lying between the seaward extent of the states jurisdiction and the seaward extent of federal jurisdiction, and the U.S. government has the power to limit oil and gas activities on this area, known as the OCS. Under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, as amended, the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy management BOEM within the DOI must prepare and maintain forward-looking five-year plans referred to as national programs or five-year programs to schedule proposed oil and gas lease sales on the OCS. On July 1, 2022, BOEM announced the availability of the Proposed Program for the 2023-2028 timeframe for public comments. The Proposed Program includes no more than ten potential lease sales in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Inclusion of an area in the Proposed Program is not a final indication that it will be included in the approved 2023-2028 National OCS Program or offered in a lease sale. In addition, the U.S. previously placed a moratorium on new oil and natural gas leases on federal lands and waters, including the federal OCS. Future actions taken by the U.S. to limit the availability of new oil and gas leases on the OSC would adversely impact the offshore oil and gas industry and impact demand for our services. The global nature of our operations involves additional risks. We operate in various regions throughout the world, which may expose us to political and other uncertainties, including risks of: terrorist acts, war, piracy and civil unrest; seizure, expropriation or nationalization of our equipment; expropriation or nationalization of our customers property; repudiation or nationalization of contracts; imposition of trade or immigration barriers; import-export quotas; wage and price controls; changes in law and regulatory requirements, including changes in interpretation and enforcement; involvement in judicial proceedings in unfavorable jurisdictions; damage to our equipment or violence directed at our employees, including kidnappings; complications associated with supplying, repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations; the inability to move income or capital; and currency exchange fluctuations and currency exchange restrictions, including exchange or similar controls that may limit our ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars and transfer funds out of a local jurisdiction. 
 Our non-U.S. contract drilling operations are subject to various laws and regulations related to economic and trade sanctions in certain countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to the import and export, equipment and operation of drilling units, currency conversions and repatriation, oil and gas exploration and development, taxation and social contributions of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel. We are also subject to the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC and other U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing our international operations. In addition, various state and municipal governments, universities and other investors have proposed or adopted divestment and other initiatives regarding investments including, with respect to state governments, by state retirement systems in companies that do business with countries that have been designated as state sponsors of terrorism by the U.S. State Department. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to sanctions and export restrictions, may subject us to criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions or seizures of assets. Investors could view any potential violations of OFAC regulations negatively, which could adversely affect our reputation and the market for our shares. 
 - 17 - 

Table of Contents 
 Governments in some countries have become increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions and companies holding concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industries in their countries, including local content requirements for participating in tenders for certain drilling contracts. Many governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local contractors or require nonlocal contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction or require use of a local agent. In addition, government action, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause oil or gas price volatility. In some areas of the world, this governmental activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work by major energy companies and may continue to do so. The shipment of goods, services and technology across international borders subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import and export activities are governed by unique customs and export control laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. Moreover, many countries, including the U.S., control the import and export of certain goods, services and technology and impose related import and export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Governments also may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and other entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities, and we are also subject to the U.S. anti-boycott laws. The laws and regulations concerning import and export activity, recordkeeping and reporting, import and export control and economic sanctions are complex and constantly changing. These laws and regulations may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner materially impacting our operations. Ongoing economic challenges may increase some governments efforts to enact, enforce, amend or interpret laws and regulations as a method to increase revenue. Shipments can be delayed and denied import or export for a variety of reasons, some of which are outside our control and some of which may result from failure to comply with existing legal and regulatory regimes. Shipping delays or denials could cause unscheduled operational downtime. Our ability to operate worldwide depends on our ability to obtain the necessary visas and work permits for our personnel to travel in and out of, and to work in, the jurisdictions in which we operate. Governmental actions in some of the jurisdictions in which we operate may make it difficult for us to move our personnel in and out of these jurisdictions by delaying or withholding the approval of these permits. If we are not able to obtain visas and work permits for the employees we need to conduct our operations on a timely basis, we might not be able to perform our obligations under our drilling contracts, which could allow our customers to cancel the contracts. If our customers cancel some of our drilling contracts, and we are unable to secure new drilling contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Failure to comply with anti-bribery statutes, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, could result in fines, criminal penalties, drilling contract terminations and an adverse effect on our business. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. If we are found to be liable for violations under the FCPA, the Bribery Act or other similar laws, either due to our acts or omissions or due to the acts or omissions of others, including our partners in our various joint ventures and of the current or former officers, directors or employees of any companies we have acquired, we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, investors could negatively view potential violations, inquiries or allegations of misconduct under the FCPA, the Bribery Act or similar laws, which could adversely affect our reputation and the market for our shares. We could also face fines, sanctions and other penalties from authorities in relevant jurisdictions, including prohibition of our participating in or curtailment of business operations in those jurisdictions and the seizure of rigs or other assets. Additionally, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of claims by customers, agents, shareholders, debt holders, other interest holders, current or former employees or other constituents of our company who, in connection with alleged or actual noncompliance with antibribery and related laws, may seek to impose penalties, seek remedies, terminate drilling contracts or take other actions adverse to our interests. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are required to dedicate significant time and resources to investigate and resolve allegations of misconduct, regardless of the merit of such allegations. Further, disclosure of the subject matter of any investigation could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to obtain new business with potential customers, to retain existing business with our current customers, to attract and retain employees and to access the capital markets. We are subject to investigations and litigation that, if not resolved in our favor and not sufficiently insured against, could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to a variety of disputes, investigations and litigation. Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to and have been involved in litigation with certain of our customers and other constituents. Certain of our subsidiaries are named as defendants in numerous lawsuits alleging personal grievances or injury, including as a result of exposure to asbestos or toxic fumes or resulting from other occupational diseases, such as silicosis, and various other medical issues that can remain undiscovered for a considerable amount of time. Some of these subsidiaries that have been put on notice of potential liabilities have no assets. Certain subsidiaries are subject to litigation relating to environmental damage. Our patent for dual-activity technology has been successfully challenged in certain jurisdictions. We are also subject to a number of significant tax disputes. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations and cases or the potential costs 
 - 18 - 

Table of Contents 
 to resolve them. Insurance may not be applicable or sufficient in all cases, insurers may not remain solvent and policies may not be located. Suits against non-asset-owning subsidiaries have and may in the future give rise to alter ego or successor-in-interest claims against us and our asset-owning subsidiaries to the extent a subsidiary is unable to pay a claim or insurance is not available or sufficient to cover the claims. To the extent that one or more pending or future investigations or litigation matters is not resolved in our favor and is not covered by insurance, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We are subject to cybersecurity risks and threats as well as increasing regulation of data privacy and security. We depend on data and digital technologies to conduct our offshore and onshore operations, to collect payments from customers and to pay vendors and employees. Our data protection measures and measures taken by our customers and vendors may not prevent unauthorized access of information technology systems, and when such unauthorized access occurs, we, our customers or vendors may not detect the incident in time to prevent harm or damage. Threats to our information technology systems, and the systems of our customers and vendors, associated with cybersecurity risks and cyber-incidents or attacks continue to grow. Such threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice, social engineering on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. In addition, breaches to our systems and systems of our customers and vendors could go unnoticed for some period of time. Risks associated with these threats include disruptions of certain systems on our rigs; other impairments of our ability to conduct our operations; loss or ransom of intellectual property, proprietary information, personal identifiable information or customer and vendor data; disruption of our customers and vendors operations; misappropriation of assets; loss or damage to our customer and vendor data delivery systems; and increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. A breach could also originate from, or compromise, our customers and vendors or other third-party networks outside of our control. A breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our shareholders, employees, customers, vendors and governmental authorities, both U.S. and non-U.S. If such a cyber-incident were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business or on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of personal data and confidential information pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potential to elevate our costs under various laws and regulations, including (a) the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, the Data Protection Act, as revised, of the Cayman Islands, (b) the General Data Protection Law of Brazil and (c) the California Consumer Privacy Act, as well as (d) the amended Swiss Data Protection Act, which will enter into force in September 2023,. Any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, could result in significant penalties, litigation and liabilities for us. Additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result. Acts of terrorism, piracy and political and social unrest could affect the markets for drilling services. Acts of terrorism and social unrest, brought about by world political events or otherwise, have caused instability in the world s financial and insurance markets in the past and may occur in the future. Such acts could be directed against companies such as ours. In addition, acts of terrorism, piracy and social unrest could lead to increased volatility in prices for crude oil and natural gas and could affect the markets for drilling services. Insurance premiums could increase and coverage may be unavailable in the future. Government regulations may effectively preclude us from engaging in business activities in certain countries. These regulations could be amended to cover countries where we currently operate or where we may wish to operate in the future. Our drilling contracts do not generally provide indemnification against loss of capital assets or loss of revenues resulting from acts of terrorism, piracy or political or social unrest. We have limited insurance for our assets providing coverage for physical damage losses resulting from certain risks, such as terrorist acts, piracy, vandalism, sabotage, civil unrest, expropriation and acts of war, and we do not carry insurance for loss of revenues resulting from such risks. Risks related to taxes A change in tax laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation, of any country in which we have operations, are incorporated or are resident could result in a higher effective tax rate on our consolidated earnings and increase our cash tax payments. We are subject to changes in applicable tax laws, treaties or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate and earn income, and such changes could include laws or policies directed toward companies organized in jurisdictions with low tax rates with the intent to increase the tax burden. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, for example, issued its action plan of tax reform measures that called for member states to take action to prevent base erosion and profit shifting. Some of these measures impact transfer pricing, requirements to qualify for tax treaty benefits, and the definition of permanent establishments depending on each jurisdiction s adoption and interpretation of such proposals. Respective countries, including Switzerland, have adopted various measures into their own tax laws. In addition, the European Union has issued Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives and proposed directives that required or require member states to adopt specific tax reform measures, some of which relate to a 15 percent minimum tax. Other tax jurisdictions in which we operate have expressed an intent to implement similar measures. Any material change to tax laws, treaties, regulations or policies, their interpretation or application, or the adoption of new interpretations of existing laws and rulings, in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, are incorporated or resident, could result in a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings and such change could have a significant adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 - 19 - 

Table of Contents 
 A loss of a major tax dispute or a successful tax challenge to our operating structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in certain countries could result in a higher effective tax rate on our consolidated earnings and increase our cash tax payments. We are subject to tax laws, treaties and regulations in the countries in which we operate and earn income. Our income taxes are based on the applicable tax laws and tax rates in effect in the countries in which we operate and earn income as well as upon our operating structures in these countries. Our income tax returns are subject to review and examination in these jurisdictions, and we do not recognize the benefit of income tax positions we believe are more likely than not to be disallowed upon challenge by a tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, intercompany pricing policies or the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in certain countries; or if the terms of certain income tax treaties are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to our structure; or if we lose a material tax dispute in any country, our effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings could increase substantially and our earnings and cash flows from operations could be materially adversely affected. For example, we believe that neither we nor our non-U.S. subsidiaries, other than those that report a U.S. trade or business or a U.S. permanent establishment, were or are engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. or, if applicable, maintained or maintain a permanent establishment in the U.S. The determination of the aforementioned, among other things, involves considerable uncertainty. If the U.S. Internal Revenue Service were to disagree, then we could be subject to additional U.S. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of our earnings effectively connected to such U.S. business or, if applicable, attributable to such U.S. permanent establishment during the period in which this was considered to have occurred. If this occurs, our effective tax rate on worldwide earnings for that period could increase substantially, we could be subject to assessments in previously filed returns that remain open to audit and our earnings and cash flows from operations for that period could be adversely affected. Risks related to our jurisdiction of organization and governing documents As a Swiss corporation, our flexibility may be limited with respect to certain aspects of capital management AND swift implementation of certain initiatives or strategies. Under Swiss law, our shareholders may approve an authorized share capital that allows the board of directors to issue new shares without additional shareholder approval within a period of up to two years and for up to a maximum of 50 percent of a company s issued share capital. The authorized share capital approved by our shareholders at the May 2022 annual general meeting will expire on May 12, 2024. Our currently available authorized share capital is approximately 13.5 percent of our issued share capital as of February 14, 2023. Accordingly, shareholders at our annual general meeting in May 2023 may be requested to approve a renewal and an increase in authorized share capital. Subject to certain exceptions, Swiss law also grants preemptive rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares. Further, Swiss law does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions. Swiss law also reserves for shareholder approval certain corporate actions, such as approval of dividends, over which a board of directors would have authority in some other jurisdictions. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility to swiftly implement certain initiatives or strategies, and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders. We are required, from time to time, to evaluate the carrying amount of our investments in affiliates, as presented on our Swiss standalone balance sheet. If we determine that the carrying amount of any such investment exceeds its fair value, we may conclude that such investment is impaired. Any recognized loss associated with such a non-cash impairment could result in our net assets no longer covering our statutory share capital and statutory capital reserves. Under Swiss law, if our net assets cover less than 50 percent of our statutory share capital and the non-distributable part of the statutory capital and profit reserves, the board of directors must take appropriate measures or, to the extent such measures fall within the competence of the general meeting of shareholders, convene a general meeting of shareholders, and propose measures to remedy such a capital loss. Appropriate measures depend on the relevant circumstances and the magnitude of the recognized loss and may include seeking shareholder approval for offsetting the aggregate loss, or a portion thereof, with our statutory capital reserves, including qualifying additional paid-in capital otherwise available for distributions to shareholders, or raising new equity. Depending on the circumstances, we may also need to use qualifying additional paid-in capital available for distributions in order to reduce our accumulated net loss and such use might reduce our ability to make distributions without subjecting our shareholders to Swiss withholding tax. Distributions to shareholders in the form of a par value reduction and dividend distributions out of qualifying additional paid-in capital are currently not subject to the 35 percent Swiss federal withholding tax. However, the Swiss withholding tax rules could be changed in the future, and any such change may adversely affect us or our shareholders. In addition, over the long term, the amount of par value available for us to use for par value reductions or the amount of qualifying additional paid-in capital available for us to pay out as distributions is limited. If we are unable to make a distribution through a reduction in par value, or out of qualifying additional paid-in capital as shown on Transocean Ltd. s standalone Swiss statutory financial statements, we may not be able to make distributions without subjecting our shareholders to Swiss withholding taxes. Under Swiss tax law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to a 35 percent Swiss withholding tax based on the difference between the repurchase price and the related amount of par value and the related amount of qualifying additional paid-in capital, if any. At our 2009 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved the repurchase of up to CHF 3.50 billion of our shares for cancellation under the share repurchase program. If we repurchase shares, we expect to use an alternative procedure pursuant to which we repurchase shares via a virtual second trading line from market players, such as banks and 
 - 20 - 

Table of Contents 
 institutional investors, who are generally entitled to receive a full refund of the Swiss withholding tax. The use of such virtual second trading line with respect to share repurchase programs is subject to the approval of the competent Swiss tax and other authorities. We may not be able to repurchase as many shares as we would like to repurchase for purposes of capital reduction on the virtual second trading line without subjecting the selling shareholders to Swiss withholding taxes. We are subject to anti-takeover provisions. Our articles of association and Swiss law contain provisions that could prevent or delay an acquisition of the company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise. Actions taken under such provisions may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares, and could, among other things: provide that the board of directors is authorized, subject to obtaining shareholder approval every two years, at any time during a maximum two-year period, which under our current authorized share capital will expire on May 12, 2024, to issue a specified number of shares, which under our current authorized share capital is approximately 13.5 percent of the share capital registered in the commercial register as of February 14, 2023, and to limit or withdraw the preemptive rights of existing shareholders in various circumstances; provide for a conditional share capital that authorizes the issuance of additional shares up to a maximum amount of approximately 17.9 percent of the share capital registered in the commercial register as of February 14, 2023, without obtaining additional shareholder approval through: (1) the exercise of conversion, exchange, option, warrant or similar rights for the subscription of shares granted in connection with bonds, options, warrants or other securities newly or already issued in national or international capital markets or new or already existing contractual obligations by or of any of our subsidiaries; or (2) in connection with the issuance of shares, options or other share-based awards; provide that any shareholder who wishes to propose any business or to nominate a person or persons for election as director at any annual meeting may only do so if we are given advance notice; provide that directors can be removed from office only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 percent of the shares entitled to vote; provide that a merger or demerger transaction requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 percent of the shares represented at the meeting and provide for the possibility of a so-called cash-out or squeeze-out merger if the acquirer controls 90 percent of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting; provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of shares must be taken at a duly called annual or extraordinary general meeting of shareholders; limit the ability of our shareholders to amend or repeal some provisions of our articles of association; and limit transactions between us and an interested shareholder, which is generally defined as a shareholder that, together with its affiliates and associates, beneficially, directly or indirectly, owns 15 percent or more of our shares entitled to vote at a general meeting.
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties The description of our property included under Item 1. Business is incorporated by reference herein. We maintain offices, land bases and other facilities worldwide, most of which we lease, including principal executive offices in Steinhausen, Switzerland, and corporate offices in Houston, Texas, and the Cayman Islands. Our remaining offices and bases are located in various countries in North America, Europe, South America, Asia and Africa. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We have certain actions, claims and other matters pending as discussed and reported in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies and Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters Regulatory Matters in this annual report on Form 10-K. We are also involved in various tax matters as described in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Income Taxes and in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters Tax matters in this annual report on Form 10-K. All such actions, claims, tax and other matters disclosed therein are incorporated herein by reference. As of December 31, 2022, we were involved in a number of other lawsuits, regulatory matters, disputes and claims, asserted and unasserted, all of which have arisen in the ordinary course of our business and for which we do not expect the liability, if any, to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any of the matters referred to above or of any such other pending, threatened or possible litigation or legal proceedings. We can provide no assurance that our beliefs or expectations as to the outcome or effect of any lawsuit or claim or dispute will prove correct, and the eventual outcome of these matters could materially differ from management s current estimates. On December 17, 2021, Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, received a letter from the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ related to alleged violations by our subsidiary of its Clean Water Act CWA National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit Permit ). The alleged violations, involving seven of our drillships, were identified by the U.S. 
 - 21 - 

Table of Contents 
 Environmental Protection Agency EPA following an initial inspection in 2018 of our compliance with the Permit and the CWA and relate to deficiencies with respect to records retention, reporting requirements, discharges, permit limits, inspections and maintenance, and the submission of monitoring reports. In connection with the initial EPA inspection, we initiated modifications to our Permit and CWA compliance processes and maintained a dialogue with the EPA regarding the design and implementation of enhancements to these processes. At the DOJ s invitation, in an effort to resolve the matter, we initiated settlement discussions with the DOJ, which remain ongoing, and the enforcement action will likely result in our agreeing to take or continue to take certain corrective actions to ensure current and future Permit and CWA compliance and to pay a monetary penalty, which we believe at this time would be immaterial. We do not believe that the enforcement action would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow. If our current expectations relating to these costs prove to be inaccurate, future expenditures may exceed our accrued amounts. In addition to the legal proceedings described above, we may from time to time identify other matters that we monitor through our compliance program or in response to events arising generally within our industry and in the markets where we do business. We evaluate matters on a case by case basis, investigate allegations in accordance with our policies and cooperate with applicable governmental authorities. Through the process of monitoring and proactive investigation, we strive to ensure no violation of our policies, Code of Integrity or law has occurred, or will occur; however, we can provide no assurance as to the outcome of these matters. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 - 22 - 

Table of Contents 
 Information About Our Executive Officers We have included the following information, presented as of February 14, 2023, on our executive officers for purposes of U.S. securities laws in Part I of this report in reliance on General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. The board of directors elects the officers of the Company, generally on an annual basis. There is no family relationship between any of our executive officers. 

Age as of Officer Office February 14, 2023 Jeremy D. Thigpen (a) Chief Executive Officer 48 Keelan Adamson (a) President and Chief Operating Officer 53 Howard E. Davis Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Information Officer 64 Brady K. Long Executive Vice President and General Counsel 50 Mark L. Mey (a) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 59 David Tonnel Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 53 

 (a) Member of our executive management team for purposes of Swiss law. 
 Jeremy D. Thigpen is Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Company s board of directors. Before joining the Company in this position in April 2015, Mr. Thigpen served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at National Oilwell Varco, Inc. from December 2012 to April 2015. At National Oilwell Varco, Inc., Mr. Thigpen also served as President, Downhole and Pumping Solutions from August 2007 to December 2012, as President of the Downhole Tools Group from May 2003 to August 2007 and as manager of the Downhole Tools Group from April 2002 to May 2003. From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Thigpen served as the Director of Business Development and Special Assistant to the Chairman for National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Mr. Thigpen earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Managerial Studies from Rice University in 1997, and he completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard Business School in 2001. Keelan Adamson is President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Before being named to his current position in February 2022, Mr. Adamson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer from August 2018 to February 2022, as Senior Vice President, Operations from October 2017 to July 2018 and as Senior Vice President, Operations Integrity and HSE, from June 2015 to October 2017. Since 2010, Mr. Adamson served in multiple executive positions with responsibilities spanning Engineering and Technical Services, Major Capital Projects, Human Resources, and more recently, Operations Integrity and HSE. Mr. Adamson started his career as a drilling engineer with BP Exploration in 1991 and joined Transocean in July 1995. In addition to several management assignments in the U.K., Asia, and Africa, he also held leadership roles in Sales and Marketing, Well Construction and Technology, and as Managing Director for operations in North America, Canada and Trinidad. Mr. Adamson earned a bachelor s degree in Aeronautical Engineering from The Queens University of Belfast and completed the Advanced Management program at Harvard Business School in 2016. Howard E. Davis is Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Information Officer of the Company. Before joining the Company in this position in August 2015, Mr. Davis served as Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Information Officer of National Oilwell Varco, Inc. from March 2005 to April 2015 and as Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Information Officer from August 2002 to March 2005. Mr. Davis earned a bachelor s degree from University of Kentucky in 1980, and he completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in 2005. Brady K. Long is Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company. Before being named to his current position in March 2018, Mr. Long served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel from November 2015 to March 2018. From 2011 to November 2015, when Mr. Long joined the Company, he served as Vice President General Counsel and Secretary of Ensco plc, which acquired Pride International, Inc. where he had served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since August 2009. Mr. Long joined Pride International, Inc. in June 2005 as Assistant General Counsel and served as Chief Compliance Officer from June 2006 to February 2009. He was director of Transocean Partners LLC from May 2016 until December 2016. Mr. Long previously practiced corporate and securities law with the law firm of Bracewell LLP. Mr. Long earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Brigham Young University in 1996, a Juris Doctorate degree from the University of Texas School of Law in 1999 and an Executive LLM in Taxation from New York University in 2019. Mark L. Mey is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Before joining the Company in this position in May 2015, Mr. Mey served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. from January 2015 to May 2015, prior to which he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from August 2010. Mr. Mey was director of Transocean Partners LLC from June 2015 until December 2016. He served as Director, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Scorpion Offshore Ltd. from August 2005 to July 2010. Prior to 2005, Mr. Mey held various senior financial and other roles in the drilling and financial services industries, including 12 years with Noble Corporation. He earned an Advanced Diploma in Accounting and a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Port Elizabeth in South Africa in 1985, and he is a chartered accountant. Additionally, Mr. Mey completed the Harvard Business School Executive Advanced Management Program in 1998. David Tonnel is Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Before being named to his current position in April 2017, he served as Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Corporate Controller from October 2015 to April 2017, as Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller from March 2012 to October 2015 and as Senior Vice President of the Europe and Africa Unit from June 2009 to March 2012. Mr. Tonnel served as Vice President of Global Supply Chain from November 2008 to June 2009, as Vice President of Integration and Process Improvement from November 2007 to November 2008, and as Vice President and Controller from February 2005 to November 2007. Prior to February 2005, he served in various financial roles, including Assistant Controller; Finance Manager, Asia Australia Region; and Controller, Nigeria. Mr. Tonnel joined the Company in 1996 after working for Ernst Young in France as Senior Auditor. Mr. Tonnel earned a Master of Science degree in Management from HEC in Paris, France in 1991. 
 - 23 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market for Shares of Our Common Equity Our shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol RIG. On February 14, 2023, we had 726,263,759 shares outstanding and 4,893 holders of record of our shares. Shareholder Matters Swiss tax consequences to our shareholders Overview The tax consequences discussed below are not a complete analysis or listing of all the possible tax consequences that may be relevant to our shareholders. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors in respect of the tax consequences related to receipt, ownership, purchase or sale or other disposition of our shares and the procedures for claiming a refund of withholding tax. Swiss income tax on dividends and similar distributions A non-Swiss holder is not subject to Swiss income taxes on dividend income and similar distributions in respect of our shares, unless the shares are attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business maintained in Switzerland by such non-Swiss holder. However, dividends and similar distributions are subject to Swiss withholding tax, subject to certain exceptions. See Swiss withholding tax on dividends and similar distributions to shareholders . Swiss wealth tax A non-Swiss holder is not subject to Swiss wealth taxes unless the holder s shares are attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business maintained in Switzerland by such non-Swiss holder. Swiss capital gains tax upon disposal of shares A non-Swiss holder is not subject to Swiss income taxes for capital gains unless the holder s shares are attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business maintained in Switzerland by such non-Swiss holder. In such case, the non-Swiss holder is required to recognize capital gains or losses on the sale of such shares, which are subject to cantonal, communal and federal income tax. Swiss withholding tax on dividends and similar distributions to shareholders A Swiss withholding tax of 35 percent is due on dividends and similar distributions to our shareholders from us, regardless of the place of residency of the shareholder, subject to the exceptions discussed under Exemption below. We will be required to withhold at such rate and remit on a net basis any payments made to a holder of our shares and pay such withheld amounts to the Swiss federal tax authorities. Exemption Distributions to shareholders in the form of a par value reduction or out of qualifying additional paid-in capital for Swiss statutory purposes are exempt from Swiss withholding tax. On December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of par value of our outstanding shares was CHF 72.2 million, equivalent to approximately 78.1 million, and the aggregate amount of qualifying additional paid-in capital of our outstanding shares was CHF 14.0 billion, equivalent to approximately 15.1 billion. Consequently, we expect that a substantial amount of any potential future distributions may be exempt from Swiss withholding tax. Refund available to Swiss holders A Swiss tax resident, corporate or individual, can recover the withholding tax in full if such resident is the beneficial owner of our shares at the time the dividend or other distribution becomes due and provided that such resident reports the gross distribution received on such resident s income tax return, or in the case of an entity, includes the taxable income in such resident s income statement. Refund available to non - Swiss holders If the shareholder that receives a distribution from us is not a Swiss tax resident, does not hold our shares in connection with a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business maintained in Switzerland, and resides in a country that has concluded a treaty for the avoidance of double taxation with Switzerland for which the conditions for the application and protection of and by the treaty are met, then the shareholder may be entitled to a full or partial refund of the withholding tax described above. Switzerland has entered into bilateral treaties for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to income taxes with numerous countries, including the United States U.S. ), whereby under certain circumstances all or part of the withholding tax may be refunded. The procedures for claiming treaty refunds, and the time frame required for obtaining a refund, may differ from country to country. Refund available to U.S. residents The Swiss-U.S. tax treaty provides that U.S. residents eligible for benefits under the treaty can seek a refund of the Swiss withholding tax on dividends for the portion exceeding 15 percent, leading to a refund of 20 percent, or a 100 percent refund in the case of qualified pension funds. As a general rule, the refund will be granted under the treaty if the U.S. resident can show evidence of the following: (a) beneficial ownership, (b) U.S. residency and (c) meeting the U.S.-Swiss tax treaty s limitation on benefits requirements. The claim for refund must be filed with the Swiss federal tax authorities (Eigerstrasse 65, 3003 Bern, Switzerland), not later than December 31 of the third year following the year in which the dividend payments became due. The relevant Swiss tax form is Form 82C for companies, 82E for other entities and 82I for individuals. These forms can be obtained from any Swiss Consulate General in the U.S. or from the Swiss federal tax authorities at the above address or can be downloaded from the webpage of the Swiss federal tax administration. Each form must be completed in triplicate, with each copy duly completed and signed before a notary public in the U.S. Evidence that the withholding tax was withheld at the source must also be included. 
 - 24 - 

Table of Contents 
 Stamp duties in relation to the transfer of shares The purchase or sale of our shares may be subject to Swiss federal stamp taxes on the transfer of securities irrespective of the place of residency of the purchaser or seller if the transaction takes place through or with a Swiss bank or other Swiss securities dealer, as those terms are defined in the Swiss Federal Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies in the specific case. If a purchase or sale is not entered into through or with a Swiss bank or other Swiss securities dealer, then no stamp tax will be due. The applicable stamp tax rate is 0.075 percent for each of the two parties to a transaction and is calculated based on the purchase price or sale proceeds. If the transaction does not involve cash consideration, the transfer stamp duty is computed on the basis of the market value of the consideration. Share repurchases Shares repurchased for the purpose of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to a 35 percent Swiss withholding tax based on the difference between the repurchase price and the related amount of par value and the related amount of qualifying additional paid-in capital, if any. We would be required to remit on a net basis the purchase price with the Swiss withholding tax deducted to a holder of our shares and pay the withholding tax to the Swiss federal tax authorities. However, for such repurchased shares, the portions of the repurchase price that are attributable to the par value and the qualifying additional paid-in capital for Swiss statutory reporting purposes are not subject to the Swiss withholding tax. If we repurchase shares, we expect to use an alternative procedure pursuant to which we repurchase our shares via a virtual second trading line from market players, such as banks and institutional investors, who are generally entitled to receive a full refund of the Swiss withholding tax. The use of such virtual second trading line with respect to share repurchase programs is subject to approval of the competent Swiss tax and other authorities. We may not be able to repurchase as many shares as we would like to repurchase for purposes of capital reduction on the virtual second trading line without subjecting the selling shareholders to Swiss withholding taxes. The repurchase of shares for purposes other than for cancellation, such as to retain as treasury shares for use in connection with stock incentive plans, convertible debt or other instruments within certain periods, are not generally subject to Swiss withholding tax. In addition, in December 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury released proposed regulations under the Inflation Reduction Act, whereby an excise tax of one percent would be imposed on stock repurchases in the event one of our U.S. subsidiaries funds the stock repurchase. Under Swiss corporate law, the right of a company and its subsidiaries to repurchase and hold its own shares is limited. A company may repurchase its shares to the extent it has freely distributable reserves as shown on its Swiss statutory balance sheet in the amount of the purchase price and if the aggregate par value of all shares held by the company as treasury shares does not exceed 10 percent of the company s share capital recorded in the Swiss Commercial Register, whereby for purposes of determining whether the 10 percent threshold has been reached, shares repurchased under a share repurchase program for cancellation purposes authorized by the company s shareholders are disregarded. As of February 14, 2023, Transocean Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, held as treasury shares 8.90 percent of our issued shares. Our board of directors could, to the extent freely distributable reserves are available, authorize the repurchase of additional shares for purposes other than cancellation, such as to retain treasury shares for use in satisfying our obligations in connection with incentive plans or other rights to acquire our shares. Based on the number of shares held as treasury shares as of February 14, 2023, 1.10 percent of our issued shares could be repurchased for purposes of retention as additional treasury shares. Although our board of directors has not approved such a share repurchase program for the purpose of retaining repurchased shares as treasury shares, if it did so, any such shares repurchased would be in addition to any shares repurchased under the currently approved program. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Total number of shares Approximate dollar value Total number Average purchased as part of shares that may yet of shares price paid of publicly announced be purchased under the plans Period purchased per share plans or programs (a) or programs (in millions (a) October 2022 3,508 November 2022 3,508 December 2022 3,508 Total 3,508 

 (a) In May 2009, at our annual general meeting, our shareholders approved and authorized our board of directors, at its discretion, to repurchase for cancellation any amount of our shares for an aggregate purchase price of up to CHF 3.50 billion. At December 31, 2022, the authorization remaining under the share repurchase program was for the repurchase of our outstanding shares for an aggregate cost of up to CHF 3.24 billion, equivalent to 3.51 billion . The share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued by our board of directors or company management, as applicable, at any time. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . 
 Item 6. RESERVED 
 - 25 - 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following information should be read in conjunction with the information contained in Part I. Item 1. Business , Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. The following discussion of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources includes comparisons for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a discussion, including comparisons, of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , filed with the United States U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2022. Business Transocean Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries and predecessors, unless the context requires otherwise, Transocean, we, us or our is a leading international provider of offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells. As of February 14, 2023, we owned or had partial ownership interests in and operated 37 mobile offshore drilling units, consisting of 27 ultra-deepwater floaters and 10 harsh environment floaters. Additionally, as of February 14, 2023, we were constructing one ultra-deepwater drillship and held a noncontrolling ownership interest in a company that is constructing one ultra-deepwater drillship. We provide, as our primary business, contract drilling services in a single operating segment, which involves contracting our mobile offshore drilling rigs, related equipment and work crews to drill oil and gas wells. We specialize in technically demanding regions of the global offshore drilling business with a particular focus on ultra-deepwater and harsh environment drilling services. Our drilling fleet is one of the most versatile fleets in the world, consisting of drillships and semisubmersible floaters used in support of offshore drilling activities and offshore support services on a worldwide basis. We perform contract drilling services by deploying our high-specification fleet in a single, global market that is geographically dispersed in oil and gas exploration and development areas throughout the world. Although rigs can be moved from one region to another, the cost of moving rigs and the availability of rig-moving vessels may cause the supply and demand balance to fluctuate somewhat between regions. Still, significant variations between regions do not tend to persist long term because of rig mobility. The location of our rigs and the allocation of resources to operate, build or upgrade our rigs are determined by the activities and needs of our customers. Significant Events Fleet expansion In October 2022, we completed the construction of and placed into service the ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Atlas . In November 2022, we made a cash contribution of 15 million associated with our noncontrolling ownership interest in Liquila Ventures Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, Liquila ), a Bermuda company formed to construct, own and operate the newbuild ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Aquila . See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity and Liquidity and Capital Resources Drilling fleet . Secured debt issuance In January 2023, we issued 525 million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 senior secured notes due February 2028 (the 8.375 Senior Secured Notes ), and we received 515 million aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. In January 2023, we issued 1.175 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.75 senior secured notes due February 2030 (the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes ), and we received 1.157 billion aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Debt and warrant issuance In September 2022, we issued 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due September 2029 (the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in connection with (a) the issuance for aggregate cash proceeds of 188 million and (b) the exchanges (the 2022 Private Exchange of certain of the 0.50 exchangeable senior bonds due January 2023 (the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds and the 7.25 senior notes due November 2025 (the 7.25 Senior Notes ). In connection with the 2022 Private Exchange, we also issued 22.2 million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Shipyard Loans In June 2022, we borrowed 349 million under one of two credit agreements (each, a Shipyard Loan, and together, the Shipyard Loans and made a cash payment of 46 million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of Deepwater Atlas . In December 2022, we borrowed 90 million under the second Shipyard Loan and made a cash payment of 325 million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of Deepwater Titan . We recorded the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Atlas and Deepwater Titan , net of imputed interest, and the corresponding non-cash capital additions of 300 million and 82 million, respectively. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity and Liquidity and Capital Resources Drilling fleet . Early debt retirement In January 2023, in connection with the issuance of the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes, we made an aggregate payment of 1.156 billion, including a make-whole premium, to redeem the remaining outstanding 311 million, 240 million, 250 million, and 336 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.875 senior secured notes due January 2024 (the 5.875 Senior Secured Notes ), the 7.75 senior secured notes due October 2024 (the 7.75 Senior Secured Notes ), the 6.25 senior secured notes 
 - 26 - 

Table of Contents 
 due December 2024 (the 6.25 Senior Secured Notes and the 6.125 senior secured notes due August 2025 (the 6.125 Senior Secured Notes ), respectively. In January 2023, we made a cash payment of 121 million to redeem an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 5.375 senior secured notes due May 2023 (the 5.375 Senior Secured Notes ), and the trustee notified holders of our intent to redeem the remaining outstanding 122 million aggregate principal amount of notes for an equivalent aggregate cash payment, expected to be made on February 24, 2023. In July 2022, we made an aggregate cash payment of 27 million to redeem an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding 3.80 senior notes due October 2022 (the 3.80 Senior Notes ). In January 2022, we made an aggregate cash payment of 18 million to redeem an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the 5.52 senior secured notes due May 2022 (the 5.52 Senior Secured Notes ). See Operating Results and Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Share issuance In June 2021, we commenced an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program ). In the year ended December 31, 2022, we received aggregate cash proceeds of 263 million, net of issue costs, for the aggregate sale of 61.0 million shares under the ATM Program. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Secured credit facility amendment In July 2022, we amended the bank credit agreement for our Secured Credit Facility (as amended from time to time, the Secured Credit Facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date from June 22, 2023 to June 22, 2025 and reduce the borrowing capacity from 1.33 billion to 774 million through June 22, 2023, and thereafter, reduce the borrowing capacity to 600 million through June 22, 2025. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of liquidity . Outlook Drilling market Our industry outlook is positive based upon several fundamental factors, including the increased global demand for hydrocarbons combined with a diminishing global supply, the latter being the result of the natural decline in production of existing oil and gas fields compounded by the significant underinvestment in reserve replacement by oil and gas producers, and additional constraints imposed on industry participants by the governments of oil and gas producing nations as well as investors. Additionally, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the related economic sanctions have highlighted the criticality of energy reliability and security across Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere. Due to these and other factors, oil prices have increased materially over the past two years and even reached 10-year highs. Although the price for both prompt and longer-dated barrels continues to exhibit volatility that reflects market concerns about inflationary trends, economic recession and the potential for demand destruction, these commodity prices are currently, and are expected to remain, at levels that are robustly supportive of investment in deepwater and harsh environment exploration and development projects. Additionally, rig attrition resulting from significantly reduced offshore contracting activity over the last several years has resulted in a much smaller global fleet of floating rigs that is available to meet customer demands, specifically with respect to the highest specification drilling units required by many of our customers for their projects. Consequently, our outlook for the offshore drilling industry overall remains positive, particularly for high-specification drilling assets, such as those we own and operate. Our customers continue to show interest in deepwater and harsh environment offshore projects as evidenced by the restarting of delayed projects and commencement of new drilling campaigns. Licensing activity has also increased as energy companies look to explore and develop new prospects. This has resulted in more tendering activity during the last half of 2022 and into 2023. Several multi-year tenders for work in Brazil, West Africa, Asia and Australia are expected to be awarded in the first nine months of 2023. We have recently observed that the commencement of certain projects or parts of a project is, in some cases, being delayed due to global supply chain constraints adversely impacting the timely availability of necessary equipment and supplies. We currently believe that these temporary circumstances will gradually diminish over the short to medium term. Offshore drilling activity is increasing in every ultra-deepwater geographic sector. South America, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and, increasingly, West Africa remain key ultra-deepwater market sectors. We have seen significant increases in dayrates for projects in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and, particularly, in Brazil, trends that we expect will continue. In Norway, the largest market for harsh environment rigs, we do not expect many new projects to commence before late 2023, but we expect demand for rigs in this market will accelerate thereafter through 2026 due to previously enacted Norwegian tax incentive programs. Given the highly regulated nature of the Norwegian market and the limited number of rigs qualified to operate in it, we anticipate an increase in dayrates commensurate with the increased demand. We are also encouraged by projects being announced in the United Kingdom, Namibia, South Africa and Australia that require high-specification, harsh environment semisubmersibles. As expected, these opportunities are attracting rigs currently working in Norway, thereby further reducing rig supply and potentially accelerating dayrate increases for the remaining assets in the region. We expect global energy demand to continue to increase in both member and non-member countries of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. Forecasts indicate that non-member countries will experience the largest population growth and require the most significant improvement in living standards, compounding the effect on energy demand for the foreseeable future. We believe that this increase in global energy demand will result in meaningful incremental demand for oil and gas. In the context of the pronounced decline in investment in exploration and production activities over the last decade, we anticipate that a prolonged period of elevated hydrocarbon prices and investment in drilling activity will be necessary to meet this demand. 
 - 27 - 

Table of Contents 
 With deepwater and harsh environment fields generating robust economic returns versus other hydrocarbon sources, combined with their comparably low carbon intensity of production, we expect a significant portion of the required spending in fossil fuel development will be allocated to deepwater and harsh environment projects. As there are now fewer high-specification offshore drilling rigs capable of operating in these markets, we believe that this increase in demand will support further improvement of dayrates. As of February 9, 2023, our contract backlog was 8.54 billion compared to 7.27 billion as of October 13, 2022. The risks of drilling project delays, contract renegotiations and contract terminations and cancellations have diminished as oil prices have improved and stabilized. Fleet status We refer to the availability of our rigs in terms of the uncommitted fleet rate. The uncommitted fleet rate is defined as the number of uncommitted days divided by the total number of rig calendar days in the measurement period, expressed as a percentage. An uncommitted day is defined as a calendar day during which a rig is idle or stacked, is not contracted to a customer and is not committed to a shipyard. The uncommitted fleet rates exclude the effect of priced options. As of February 9, 2023, our uncommitted fleet rates for each of the five years in the period ending December 31, 2027 were as follows: 

2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Uncommitted fleet rate Ultra-deepwater floaters 39 56 67 76 84 Harsh environment floaters 42 71 89 90 96 Performance and Other Key Indicators Contract backlog We believe our industry leading contract backlog sets us apart from the competition and provides indicators of our future revenue-earning opportunities. Contract backlog is defined as the maximum contractual operating dayrate multiplied by the number of days remaining in the firm contract period, excluding revenues for mobilization, demobilization, contract preparation, other incentive provisions or reimbursement revenues, which are not expected to be significant to our contract drilling revenues. The contract backlog represents the maximum contract drilling revenues that can be earned considering the contractual operating dayrate in effect during the firm contract period. The contract backlog for our fleet was as follows: 

February 9, October 13, February 14, 2023 2022 2022 (in millions) Contract backlog Ultra-deepwater floaters 7,378 6,327 5,301 Harsh environment floaters 1,159 943 1,165 Total contract backlog 8,537 7,270 6,466 Our contract backlog includes only firm commitments, including amounts associated with our contracted newbuild units under construction, which are represented by signed drilling contracts or, in some cases, by other definitive agreements awaiting contract execution. It does not include conditional agreements and options to extend firm commitments. The average contractual dayrate relative to our contract backlog is defined as the average maximum contractual operating dayrate to be earned per operating day in the measurement period. An operating day is defined as a day for which a rig is contracted to earn a dayrate during the firm contract period after operations commence. At February 9, 2023, the contract backlog and average contractual dayrates for our fleet were as follows: For the years ending December 31, Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter (in millions, except average dayrates) Contract backlog Ultra-deepwater floaters 7,378 1,748 1,926 1,518 1,073 734 379 Harsh environment floaters 1,159 604 254 125 118 58 Total contract backlog 8,537 2,352 2,180 1,643 1,191 792 379 Average contractual dayrates Ultra-deepwater floaters 428,000 386,000 435,000 448,000 444,000 451,000 452,000 Harsh environment floaters 349,000 341,000 307,000 412,000 424,000 424,000 Total fleet average 415,000 373,000 415,000 445,000 442,000 449,000 452,000 The actual amount of revenues earned and the actual periods in which revenues are earned will differ from the amounts and periods shown in the tables above due to various factors, including shipyard and maintenance projects, unplanned downtime and other factors that result in lower applicable dayrates than the full contractual operating dayrate. Additional factors that could affect the amount and timing of actual revenues to be recognized include customer liquidity issues and contract terminations that may be available to our customers under certain circumstances. The contractual operating dayrate may be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive because an alternative contractual dayrate, such as a waiting-on-weather rate, repair rate, standby rate or force majeure rate, may apply under certain circumstances. The 
 - 28 - 

Table of Contents 
 contractual operating dayrate may also be higher than the actual dayrate we ultimately receive because of a number of factors, including rig downtime or suspension of operations. In certain contracts, the actual dayrate may be reduced to zero if, for example, repairs extend beyond a stated period of time. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks related to our business Our current backlog of contract drilling revenues may not be fully realized . Average daily revenue We believe average daily revenue provides a comparative measurement unit for our revenue-earning performance. Average daily revenue is defined as operating revenues, excluding revenues for contract terminations, reimbursements and contract intangible amortization, earned per operating day. The average daily revenue for our fleet was as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average daily revenue Ultra-deepwater floaters 329,100 355,500 324,500 Harsh environment floaters 380,000 386,200 339,600 Midwater floaters 111,400 Total fleet average daily revenue 345,500 365,600 327,500 Our average daily revenue fluctuates relative to market conditions and our revenue efficiency. The average daily revenue may be affected by incentive performance bonuses or penalties or demobilization fee revenues. Our total fleet average daily revenue is affected by the mix of rig classes being operated. Midwater floaters, for example, which we no longer operate, are typically contracted at lower dayrates compared to ultra-deepwater floaters and harsh environment floaters. Revenues for a contracted newbuild unit are included in the calculation when the rig commences operations upon acceptance by the customer. We remove rigs from the calculation upon disposal or classification as held for sale, unless we continue to operate rigs subsequent to sale, in which case we remove the rigs at the time of completion or novation of the contract. Revenue efficiency We believe revenue efficiency measures our ability to ultimately convert our contract backlog into revenues. Revenue efficiency is defined as actual operating revenues, excluding revenues for contract terminations and reimbursements, for the measurement period divided by the maximum revenue calculated for the measurement period, expressed as a percentage. Maximum revenue is defined as the greatest amount of contract drilling revenues the drilling unit could earn for the measurement period, excluding revenues for incentive provisions, reimbursements and contract terminations. The revenue efficiency rates for our fleet were as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue efficiency Ultra-deepwater floaters 95.7 96.1 97.2 Harsh environment floaters 97.6 98.8 95.0 Midwater floaters 86.2 Total fleet average revenue efficiency 96.4 97.0 96.3 Our revenue efficiency rate varies due to revenues earned under alternative contractual dayrates, such as a waiting-on-weather rate, repair rate, standby rate, force majeure rate or zero rate, that may apply under certain circumstances. Our revenue efficiency rate is also affected by incentive performance bonuses or penalties. We include newbuilds in the calculation when the rigs commence operations upon acceptance by the customer. We exclude rigs that are not operating under contract, such as those that are stacked. Rig utilization We present our rig utilization as an indicator of our ability to secure work for our fleet. Rig utilization is defined as the total number of operating days divided by the total number of rig calendar days in the measurement period, expressed as a percentage. The rig utilization rates for our fleet were as follows: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Rig utilization Ultra-deepwater floaters 50.1 49.3 58.5 Harsh environment floaters 64.9 64.4 72.6 Midwater floaters 37.1 Total fleet average rig utilization 54.1 53.4 62.4 Our rig utilization rate declines as a result of idle and stacked rigs and during shipyard and mobilization periods to the extent these rigs are not earning revenues. We include newbuilds in the calculation when the rigs commence operations upon acceptance by the customer. We remove rigs from the calculation upon disposal or classification as held for sale. Accordingly, our rig utilization can increase when we remove idle or stacked units from our fleet. 
 - 29 - 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Results Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 The following is an analysis of our operating results. See Performance and Other Key Indicators for definitions of operating days, average daily revenue, revenue efficiency and rig utilization. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in millions, except day amounts and percentages) Operating days 7,341 7,236 105 1 Average daily revenue 345,500 365,600 (20,100) (5) Revenue efficiency 96.4 97.0 Rig utilization 54.1 53.4 Contract drilling revenues 2,575 2,556 19 1 Operating and maintenance expense (1,679) (1,697) 18 1 Depreciation and amortization expense (735) (742) 7 1 General and administrative expense (182) (167) (15) (9) Loss on disposal of assets, net (10) (62) 52 84 Operating loss (31) (112) 81 72 Other income (expense), net Interest income 27 15 12 80 Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized (561) (447) (114) (26) Gain on retirement of debt 8 51 (43) (84) Other, net (5) 23 (28) nm Loss before income tax expense (562) (470) (92) (20) Income tax expense (59) (121) 62 51 Net loss (621) (591) (30) (5) 

 nm means not meaningful. Contract drilling revenues Contract drilling revenues increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 25 million resulting from Deepwater Atlas , which was placed into service in October 2022, (b) approximately 20 million resulting from increased rig utilization, (c) approximately 10 million resulting from higher early termination revenues and (d) approximately 10 million resulting from higher reimbursable revenues. These increases were partially offset by (a) approximately 40 million resulting from lower dayrates and (b) approximately 5 million resulting from lower fleet revenue efficiency. Costs and expenses Operating and maintenance costs and expenses decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 35 million resulting from the effect of favorable exchange rates, (b) approximately 28 million resulting from the allowance for excess materials and supplies due to the identification, in the year ended December 31, 2021, of parts that were in excess of our expected future usage, (c) approximately 15 million resulting from reduced rig out-of-service maintenance costs and (d) approximately 5 million incurred on rigs sold in the year ended December 31, 2021. These decreases were partially offset by the following increases: (a) approximately 25 million resulting from personnel compensation increases, (b) approximately 20 million resulting from increased rig operating activities, (c) approximately 15 million resulting from Deepwater Atlas and (d) approximately 10 million resulting from higher customer reimbursable costs. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to (a) approximately 17 million resulting from assets that had reached the end of their useful lives or had been retired, partially offset by (b) approximately 10 million of increased depreciation associated with our newbuild ultra-deepwater drillship and other property and equipment placed into service in the year ended December 31, 2022. General and administrative expense increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (a) approximately 8 million of increased costs for information systems and technology and (b) approximately 3 million of increased costs for strategy and innovation. Disposal of assets In the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 57 million, primarily associated with the sale of a harsh environment floater and related assets. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 10 million and 5 million, respectively, associated with the disposal of assets unrelated to rig sales. Other income and expense Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, increased in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (a) an increase of 157 million resulting from the fair value adjustment of the bifurcated compound exchange feature embedded in the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and (b) an increase of 15 million resulting from borrowings under the Shipyard Loans, partially offset by (c) a decrease of 41 million resulting from 
 - 30 - 

Table of Contents 
 debt repaid as scheduled or early retired and (d) a decrease of 23 million resulting from increased interest capitalized for our newbuild construction projects. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an aggregate net gain on the retirement of debt, primarily associated with the retirement of 116 million aggregate principal amount of debt as a result of the 2022 Private Exchange. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized an aggregate net gain on the retirement of debt, primarily associated with the retirement of 323 million aggregate principal amount of debt as a result of the private exchanges completed in February 2021 (the 2021 Private Exchange ). Other expense, net, increased in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the following: (a) income of 32 million resulting from settlement of litigation recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021, (b) increased loss of 11 million related to our investment in Nauticus Robotics, Inc. Nauticus ), (c) reduced income of 7 million related to our dual-activity patent, (d) increased losses of 7 million resulting from net changes to currency exchange rates, and (e) reduced income of 5 million related to the non-service components of net periodic benefit income, partially offset by (f) reduced losses of 33 million related to our investment in Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited Orion ). Income tax expense In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our effective tax rate was (10.4) percent and (25.7) percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax expense. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate effect of discrete period tax items was a net tax benefit of 19 million and net tax expense of 47 million, respectively. In the year ended December 31, 2022, such discrete items included settlement and expiration of various uncertain tax positions, changes to valuation allowances, operational restructuring and gains due to exchange rate changes. In the year ended December 31, 2021, such discrete items included the effect of tax law changes in Switzerland and jurisdictional ownership changes of certain assets, loss on disposal of assets, expiration and settlements of various uncertain tax positions, gain on retirement of debt, changes to our allowance for excess materials and loss on impairment of an equity investment. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, was (13.6) percent and (18.5) percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax expense. In the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, our effective tax rate increased primarily due to changes in the relative blend of income from operations in certain jurisdictions. Due to our operating activities and organizational structure, our income tax expense does not change proportionally with our income before income taxes. Significant decreases in our income before income taxes typically lead to higher effective tax rates, while significant increases in income before income taxes can lead to lower effective tax rates, subject to the other factors impacting income tax expense noted above. With respect to the effective tax rate calculation for the year ended December 31, 2022, a significant portion of our income tax expense was generated in countries in which income taxes are imposed or treated to be imposed on gross revenues, with the most significant of these countries being Angola and India. Conversely, during this period, the most significant countries in which we incurred income taxes that were based on income before income tax included the U.S., Hungary and Switzerland. Our rig operating structures further complicate our tax calculations, especially in instances where we have more than one operating structure for the taxing jurisdiction and, thus, more than one method of calculating taxes depending on the operating structure utilized by the rig under the contract. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources and uses of cash At December 31, 2022, we had 683 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and 308 million in restricted cash and cash equivalents. In the year ended December 31, 2022, our primary sources of cash were net cash provided by our operating activities, net cash proceeds from the issuance of shares under the ATM Program and net cash proceeds from the issuance of debt. Our primary uses of cash were debt repayments and capital expenditures. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in millions) Cash flows from operating activities Net loss (621) (591) (30) Non-cash items, net 1,163 1,243 (80) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net (94) (77) (17) 448 575 (127) Net cash provided by operating activities decreased primarily due to (a) reduced cash collected from customers, (b) increased cash paid to employees and (c) reduced cash refunds for income taxes, partially offset by (d) reduced cash paid for interest. 
 - 31 - 

Table of Contents 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in millions) Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures (717) (208) (509) Investments in equity of unconsolidated affiliates (42) (1) (41) Investment in loans to unconsolidated affiliates (5) (33) 28 Proceeds from disposal of assets, net 7 9 (2) (757) (233) (524) Net cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to (a) increased capital expenditures related to our newbuild construction program and (b) increased investments in equity of unconsolidated affiliates, including Liquila, Ocean Minerals LLC and Orion, partially offset by (c) reduced investment in loans to unconsolidated affiliates. 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in millions) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of debt (554) (606) 52 Proceeds from issuance of shares, net of issue costs 263 158 105 Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issue costs 175 175 Proceeds from issuance of warrants, net of issue costs 12 12 Other, net (8) (42) 34 (112) (490) 378 Net cash used in financing activities decreased primarily due to (a) net cash proceeds from the issuance of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in the year ended December 31, 2022, (b) increased net cash proceeds from the issuance of shares under the ATM Program and (c) decreased cash used to repay debt. Sources and uses of liquidity Overview We expect to use existing unrestricted cash balances, internally generated cash flows, borrowings under our Secured Credit Facility or proceeds from the disposal of assets or the issuance of debt or shares to fulfill anticipated near-term obligations, which may include capital expenditures, working capital and other operational requirements, scheduled debt maturities or other payments. We may consider establishing additional financing arrangements with banks or other capital providers, and subject to market conditions and other factors, we may be required to provide collateral for any such future financing arrangements. We have generated positive cash flows from operating activities over recent years and, although we cannot provide assurances, we currently expect that such cash flows will continue to be positive over the next year. Among other factors, if general economic, financial, industry or business conditions deteriorate, if we experience poor operating results, or if we incur costs to, for example, reactivate, stack or otherwise assure the marketability of our fleet, our cash flows from operations may be reduced or negative. We continue to evaluate additional potential liability management transactions in connection with our ongoing efforts to prudently manage our capital structure and improve our liquidity. In each case subject to then-existing market conditions and our expected liquidity needs, among other factors, we may continue to use existing unrestricted cash balances, internally generated cash flows and proceeds from asset sales to pursue liability management transactions, including among others, purchasing or exchanging one or more existing series of our debt securities in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or through exchange offers. Any future purchases, exchanges or other transactions may be on the same terms or on terms that are more or less favorable to holders than the terms of any prior transaction, including our previous exchange transactions. We can provide no assurance as to which, if any, of these alternatives, or combinations thereof, we may choose to pursue in the future, if at all, or as to the timing with respect to any future transactions. Our ability and willingness to access the debt and equity markets is a function of a variety of factors, including, among others, general economic, industry or market conditions, market perceptions of us and our industry and credit rating agencies views of our debt. General economic or market conditions could have an adverse effect on our business and financial position and on the business and financial position of our customers suppliers and lenders and could affect our ability to access the capital markets on acceptable terms or at all and our future need or ability to borrow under our Secured Credit Facility. In addition to our potential sources of funding, the effects of such global events could impact our liquidity or need to alter our allocation or sources of capital, implement further cost reduction measures and change our financial strategy. Additionally, the rating of the majority of our long-term debt, which is below investment grade, is causing us to experience increased fees and interest rates under our Secured Credit Facility and agreements governing certain of our senior notes. Future downgrades may further restrict our ability to access the debt market for sources of capital and may negatively impact the cost of such capital at a time when we would like, or need, to access such markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. Debt issuances In January 2023, we issued 525 million aggregate principal amount of 8.375 Senior Secured Notes, and we received 515 million aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.375 Senior Secured Notes are secured by the assets and earnings associated with the ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Titan and the equity of the wholly owned subsidiary that owns or operates 
 - 32 - 

Table of Contents 
 the collateral rig. Additionally, we are required to maintain certain balances in a restricted cash account to satisfy debt service requirements. We may redeem all or a portion of the 8.375 Senior Secured Notes on or prior to February 1, 2025 at a price equal to 100 percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. In January 2023, we issued 1.175 billion aggregate principal amount of 8.75 Senior Secured Notes, and we received 1.157 billion aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.75 Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Transocean Ltd. and on a limited senior secured basis by certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries. The 8.75 Senior Secured Notes are secured by a lien on the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Pontus , Deepwater Proteus and Deepwater Thalassa and the harsh environment floaters Transocean Enabler and Transocean Encourage , together with certain related assets. Additionally, we are required to maintain certain balances in a restricted cash account to satisfy debt service requirements. Early debt retirement In January 2023, in connection with the issuance of the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes, we made an aggregate payment of 1.156 billion, including a make-whole premium, to redeem the remaining outstanding 311 million, 240 million, 250 million, and 336 million aggregate principal amount of the 5.875 Senior Secured Notes, the 7.75 Senior Secured Notes, the 6.25 Senior Secured Notes and the 6.125 Senior Secured Notes, respectively. In January 2022, we made an aggregate cash payment of 18 million to repay the then outstanding equivalent aggregate principal amount of the 5.52 Senior Secured Notes, and as a result, the noteholders subsequently released all liens, the mortgage on the secured rig and 106 million from restricted cash accounts. In July 2022, we made an aggregate cash payment of 27 million to redeem the then outstanding equivalent aggregate principal amount of the 3.80 Senior Notes. In October 2022, the harsh environment floater Transocean Equinox , which is held as collateral for the 5.375 Senior Secured Notes, concluded its drilling contract following a notice received from the customer in September 2022. As required under the indenture governing such notes, in January 2023, we made a cash payment of 121 million to redeem an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities. Additionally, in January 2023, the trustee notified holders of our intent to redeem the remaining outstanding 122 million aggregate principal amount of notes for an equivalent aggregate cash payment, expected to be made on February 24, 2023. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we made an aggregate cash payment of 79 million to repurchase in the open market an equivalent aggregate principal amount of our debt securities. Shipyard financing arrangement We established the Shipyard Loans to finance all or a portion of the final payments expected to be owed to the shipyard upon delivery of the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Atlas and Deepwater Titan . In June 2022, we borrowed 349 million under one of the Shipyard Loans and made a cash payment of 46 million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of Deepwater Atlas . In December 2022, we borrowed 90 million under the other Shipyard Loan and made a cash payment of 325 million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of Deepwater Titan . The Shipyard Loans are guaranteed by Transocean Inc. Borrowings under the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Atlas are secured by, among other security, a lien on the rig. Borrowings under the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Titan are unsecured. We have the right to prepay the outstanding borrowings, in full or in part, without penalty. The Shipyard Loans contain covenants that, among other things, limits the ability of the subsidiary owners of the drilling rigs to incur certain types of additional indebtedness or make certain additional commitments or investments. Debt exchanges In September 2022, we issued 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in connection with exchange and purchase agreements. Pursuant to the exchange and purchase agreements, we exchanged (a) 73 million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds for (i) 73 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and (ii) 6.7 million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares, and (b) 43 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 Senior Notes for 39 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. Additionally, we sold 188 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and issued 15.5 million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares for aggregate net cash proceeds of 188 million. On or after March 30, 2026, we may redeem for cash all or a portion of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds at a price equivalent to the aggregate principal amount to be redeemed if the closing price of our shares has been greater than 115 percent of the exchange price for a period of at least 20 trading days. In February 2021, we issued 294 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.00 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due December 2025 (the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and made an aggregate cash payment of 11 million in the 2021 Private Exchange for 323 million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds. The 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds are guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. and the same subsidiaries of Transocean Inc. that guarantee the 2.50 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due January 2027 (the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and the 11.50 senior guaranteed notes due January 2027. The indenture that governs the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds also requires such bonds to be repurchased upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes and events, at specified prices depending on the particular fundamental change or event, which include changes and events related to certain (i) change of control events applicable to Transocean Ltd. or Transocean Inc., (ii) the failure of our shares to be listed or quoted on a national securities exchange and (iii) specified tax matters. The 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds may be exchanged at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date at a current exchange rate of 190.4762 Transocean Ltd. shares per 1,000 note, which implies an exchange price of 5.25 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, and any such exchange may be settled in cash, Transocean Ltd. shares or a combination of cash and Transocean Ltd. shares, at our election. 
 - 33 - 

Table of Contents 
 Share issuance We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of our shares under the ATM Program for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things the repayment or refinancing of indebtedness and the funding of working capital, capital expenditures, investments and additional balance sheet liquidity. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received aggregate cash proceeds of 263 million and 158 million, respectively, net of issue costs, for the aggregate sale of 61.0 million shares and 36.1 million shares, respectively, under the ATM Program. Secured Credit Facility In July 2022, we amended the bank credit agreement for our Secured Credit Facility to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date from June 22, 2023 to June 22, 2025, (ii) reduce the borrowing capacity from 1.33 billion to 774 million through June 22, 2023, and thereafter reduce the borrowing capacity to 600 million through June 22, 2025 and (iii) replace our ability to borrow under the Secured Credit Facility at the reserve adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin (the Secured Credit Facility Margin with the ability to borrow under the Secured Credit Facility at a forward looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR plus the Secured Credit Facility Margin and a Term SOFR spread adjustment of 0.10 percent. The Secured Credit Facility is subject to permitted extensions and certain early maturity triggers, including if on any date the aggregate amount of scheduled principal repayments of indebtedness, with certain exceptions, due within 91 days thereof is equal to or in excess of 200 million and available cash is less than 250 million. The amended secured credit facility also permits us to increase the aggregate amount of commitments by up to 250 million. The Secured Credit Facility is guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries. The Secured Credit Facility is secured by, among other things, a lien on nine of our ultra-deepwater floaters and two of our harsh environment floaters. The Secured Credit Facility contains covenants that, among other things, include maintenance of a minimum guarantee coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0, a minimum collateral coverage ratio of 2.1 to 1.0, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio of 0.60 to 1.00 and minimum liquidity of 500 million. The Secured Credit Facility also restricts the ability of Transocean Ltd. and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, merge, consolidate or otherwise make changes to the corporate structure, incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and pay dividends and other distributions. In order to utilize the Secured Credit Facility, we must, at the time of the borrowing request, be in full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Secured Credit Facility and make certain representations and warranties, including with respect to compliance with laws and solvency, to the lenders. Repayment of borrowings under the Secured Credit Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default. Under the agreements governing certain of our debt and finance lease, we are also subject to various covenants, including restrictions on creating liens, engaging in sale/leaseback transactions and engaging in certain merger, consolidation or reorganization transactions. A default under our public debt indentures, the agreements governing our senior secured notes, our finance lease contract or any other debt owed to unaffiliated entities that exceeds 125 million could trigger a default under the Secured Credit Facility and, if not waived by the lenders, could cause us to lose access to the Secured Credit Facility. At February 14, 2023, we had no borrowings outstanding, 6 million of letters of credit issued, and we had 767 million of available borrowing capacity under the Secured Credit Facility. Equity and debt investments In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made cash investments of 25 million and 34 million, respectively, in the equity and debt of certain unconsolidated affiliates, such as Orion and Liquila, that own drilling units. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a cash contribution of 15 million to Liquila, which was used by Liquila to make the initial payment to the shipyard to acquire the ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Aquila . Additionally, in the year ended December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate cash contribution of 10 million to our equity investment in Orion, the company that, through its wholly owned subsidiary, owns the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge . In June 2021, we agreed to participate in a financing arrangement for Orion, at a rate of 33 percent, equivalent to our ownership interest in Orion, and made a cash investment of 33 million in the loan facility. In February 2023, we agreed to make an investment for a noncontrolling ownership interest in Global Sea Mineral Resources, a Belgian company and leading developer of nodule collection technology, which is engaged in the development and exploration of deep-sea polymetallic nodules that contain metals critical to the growing renewable energy market. In addition to a cash investment of 10 million, we agreed to contribute the ultra-deepwater drillship Ocean Rig Olympia , and we expect to contribute engineering services in the future. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we made an aggregate cash investment of 22 million in the equity and debt of certain other unconsolidated affiliates that are involved in researching and developing technology to improve efficiency, reliability, sustainability and safety in drilling and other activities. We hold an equity investment in Nauticus, a company that develops highly sophisticated, ultra-sustainable marine robots and intelligent software to power them, which, following the completion of a business combination with a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company in September 2022, became a publicly listed company, the common shares of which trade on the NASDAQ exchange under the ticker symbol KITT. Additionally, we hold equity and debt investments in Ocean Minerals LLC, the parent company of Moana Minerals Ltd. Moana ), a Cook Islands subsea resource development company that intends to extract polymetallic nodules. We retain a priority right to provide deepwater nodule extraction services to Moana, and together with Moana and others, we intend to extract the nodules in an environmentally responsible way by employing existing and developing new technologies. Exchangeable bonds The indentures that govern the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds, 2.50 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due January 2027 and the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds each requires such bonds to be repurchased upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes and events, at specified prices depending on the particular fundamental change or event, which include changes and events related to certain (i) change of control events applicable to Transocean Ltd. or Transocean Inc., (ii) the failure of our shares to be listed or quoted on a national securities exchange and (iii) specified tax matters. Additionally, the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds may be exchanged at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date at the effective 
 - 34 - 

Table of Contents 
 exchange rate, and any such exchange may be settled in cash, Transocean Ltd. shares or a combination of cash and Transocean Ltd. shares, at our election. Share repurchase program In May 2009, at our annual general meeting, our shareholders approved and authorized our board of directors, at its discretion, to repurchase for cancellation any amount of our shares for an aggregate purchase price of up to CHF 3.50 billion. On February 12, 2010, our board of directors authorized our management to implement the share repurchase program. At December 31, 2022, the authorization remaining under the share repurchase program was for the repurchase of our outstanding shares for an aggregate purchase price of up to CHF 3.24 billion, equivalent to 3.51 billion. We intend to fund any repurchases using available cash balances and cash from operating activities. The share repurchase program could be suspended or discontinued by our board of directors or company management, as applicable, at any time. We may decide, based on our ongoing capital requirements, the price of our shares, regulatory and tax considerations, cash flow generation, the amount and duration of our contract backlog, general market conditions, debt rating considerations and other factors, that we should retain cash, reduce debt, make capital investments or acquisitions or otherwise use cash for general corporate purposes. Decisions regarding the amount, if any, and timing of any share repurchases will be made from time to time based on these factors. Any repurchased shares under the share repurchase program would be held by us for cancellation by the shareholders at a future general meeting of shareholders. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Shareholder Matters . Contractual obligations At December 31, 2022, our contractual obligations stated at face value, were as follows: 

Years ending December 31, Total 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 Thereafter (in millions) Debt 7,311 728 2,084 2,755 1,744 Interest on debt 2,136 384 635 335 782 Finance lease liability 465 65 141 141 118 Operating lease liabilities 160 13 25 24 98 Purchase obligations 38 36 2 Service agreement obligations 836 124 281 266 165 Total 10,946 1,350 3,168 3,521 2,907 As of December 31, 2022, our defined benefit pension and other postemployment plans represented an aggregate liability of 174 million, representing the aggregate projected benefit obligation, net of the aggregate fair value of plan assets. The carrying amount of this liability is influenced by, among others, significant current and future assumptions, funding contributions, returns on plan assets, participant demographics, and plan amendments. We excluded this amount from our contractual obligations presented above due to the uncertainties resulting from these factors and because the amount is not representative of future liquidity requirements. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 9 Postemployment Benefit Plans . As of December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized tax benefits of 471 million, including interest and penalties, against which we recorded net operating loss deferred tax assets of 383 million, resulting in net unrecognized tax benefits of 88 million, including interest and penalties, that upon reversal would favorably impact our effective tax rate. Although a portion of these could settle or reverse in the coming year, we have excluded this amount from our contractual obligations presented above due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with these liabilities and the period in which any cash settlement may be made with the respective taxing authorities. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Income Taxes . Other commercial commitments We have other commercial commitments, such as standby letters of credit and surety bonds that guarantee our performance as it relates to our drilling contracts, insurance, customs, tax and other obligations in various jurisdictions. The cash obligations of these commitments, which are primarily geographically concentrated in Brazil, are not normally called because we typically comply with the underlying performance requirements. Standby letters of credit are issued under various committed and uncommitted credit lines, some of which require cash collateral. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate cash collateral held by banks for letters of credit and surety bonds was 7 million. At December 31, 2022, these obligations stated in U.S. dollar equivalents and their time to expiration were as follows: 

Years ending December 31, Total 2023 2024 - 2025 2026 - 2027 Thereafter (in millions) Standby letters of credit 8 8 Surety bonds 161 29 121 11 Total 169 37 121 11 We have established a wholly owned captive insurance company to insure various risks of our operating subsidiaries. Access to the cash and cash equivalents of the captive insurance company may be limited due to local regulatory restrictions. At December 31, 2022, the captive insurance company held cash and cash equivalents of 44 million, and such balance is expected to range from 25 million to 75 million through December 31, 2023. The balance of the cash and cash equivalents held by the captive insurance company varies, depending on (i) premiums received and (ii) the timing and magnitude of claims and dividends paid by the captive insurance company. 
 - 35 - 

Table of Contents 
 Drilling fleet Expansion From time to time, we review possible acquisitions of businesses and drilling rigs, as well as noncontrolling interests in other companies, and we may make significant future capital commitments for such purposes. We may also consider investments related to major rig upgrades, new rig construction, or the acquisition of a rig under construction. Any such acquisition or investment could involve the payment by us of a substantial amount of cash or the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares or other securities. Our failure to subsequently secure drilling contracts in these instances, if not already secured, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we made a cash contribution of 15 million to Liquila, which represented our proportionate contribution that was used to make the initial payment to the shipyard to acquire the newbuild ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Aquila for a purchase price of approximately 200 million. The seventh generation, high-specification drillship is designed to be equipped with our patented dual activity, a 1,400 short-ton hookload, large deck space, high load capacities, large deck space and will be dual-stack ready. We maintain the exclusive right to market and manage the operations of the rig, which is expected to be delivered from the shipyard in the third quarter of 2023. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made capital expenditures of 717 million and 208 million, respectively, including 669 million and 174 million, respectively, for our newbuild construction projects. The historical and projected capital expenditures and non-cash capital additions for our ongoing newbuild construction projects were as follows: 

Expected Total costs costs for the through year ending December 31, December 31, 2022 2023 Total (in millions) Deepwater Atlas (a) 954 66 1,020 Deepwater Titan (b) 1,052 128 1,180 Total 2,006 194 2,200 

 (a) In October 2022, we completed construction of the ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Atlas . In June 2022, we borrowed 349 million under the Shipyard Loan and made a cash payment of 46 million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of Deepwater Atlas . We recorded the Shipyard Loan, net of imputed interest, and corresponding non-cash capital additions of 300 million. In October 2022, the rig commenced operations in the first of two phases using a 15,000 pounds per square inch blowout preventer. Before the start of the second phase, the rig will undergo installation of a 20,000 pounds per square inch blowout preventer and related equipment, which is expected to be commissioned in the third quarter of 2023. (b) Deepwater Titan is an ultra-deepwater drillship under construction. In December 2022, we took delivery from Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd. in Singapore and borrowed 90 million under the Shipyard Loan and made a cash payment of 325 million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of Deepwater Titan . We recorded the Shipyard Loan, net of imputed interest, and corresponding non-cash capital additions of 82 million. The rig is expected to commence operations under its drilling contract in the second quarter of 2023. The projected capital additions include estimates for the mobilization and customer acceptance in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and an upgrade for two 20,000 pounds per square inch blowout preventers and other equipment required by our customer. 
 The ultimate amount of our capital expenditures is partly dependent upon financial market conditions, the actual level of operational and contracting activity, the costs associated with the current regulatory environment and customer requested capital improvements and equipment for which the customer agrees to reimburse us. As with any major shipyard project that takes place over an extended period of time, the actual costs, the timing of expenditures and the project completion date may vary from estimates based on numerous factors, including actual contract terms, weather, exchange rates, shipyard labor conditions, availability of suppliers to recertify equipment and the market demand for components and resources required for drilling unit construction. We intend to fund the cash requirements relating to our capital expenditures not financed under the Shipyard Loans by using available cash balances, cash generated from operations and asset sales, borrowings under our Secured Credit Facility and financing arrangements with banks or other capital providers. Economic conditions and other factors could impact the availability of these sources of funding. See Sources and uses of liquidity . Dispositions From time to time, we may also review the possible disposition of certain drilling assets. Considering market conditions, we have previously committed to plans to sell certain lower-specification drilling units for scrap value, and we may identify additional lower-specification drilling units to be sold for scrap, recycling or alternative purposes. Related Party Transactions We engage in certain related party transactions with our unconsolidated affiliates, the most significant of which are under agreements with Orion. We have a management services agreement with Orion for the operation, stacking and maintenance of the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge and a marketing services agreement for the marketing of the rig. We also periodically lease the rig under short-term bareboat charter agreements. In June 2021, Orion refinanced its shipyard loans under a financing arrangement for 100 million, in which we made a cash investment of 33 million. Borrowings under the financing arrangement are secured by Transocean Norge . Additionally, we have a management services agreement with Liquila for various services, including the marketing of 
 - 36 - 

Table of Contents 
 the newbuild ultra-deepwater drilliship Deepwater Aquila . See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3 Unconsolidated Affiliates . In August 2020, Perestroika AS, an entity affiliated with one of our directors that beneficially owns approximately 11 percent of our shares, exchanged 356 million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds for 213 million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. Perestroika AS has certain registration rights related to its shares and shares that may be issued in connection with any exchange of its 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. In November 2022, Perestroika AS made a cash investment of 10 million for a 13 percent noncontrolling ownership interest in Liquila. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3 Unconsolidated Affiliates and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8 Debt . Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Overview We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., which require us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates require significant judgments and assumptions. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to our income taxes, property and equipment, equity investments, contingencies, allowance for excess materials and supplies, intangibles, postemployment benefit plans and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We consider the following to be our critical accounting policies and estimates since they are very important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require our most subjective and complex judgments. We have discussed the development, selection and disclosure of such policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. For a discussion of our significant accounting policies and accounting standards updates, refer to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies . Income taxes We provide for income taxes based on expected taxable income, statutory rates, tax laws and tax planning opportunities available to us in the jurisdictions in which we operate or have a taxable presence. The relationship between our provision for or benefit from income taxes and our income or loss before income taxes can vary significantly from period to period considering, among other factors, (a) the overall level of income before income taxes, (b) changes in the blend of income that is taxed based on gross revenues rather than income before taxes, (c) rig movements between taxing jurisdictions and (d) our rig operating structures. Consequently, our income tax expense does not change proportionally with our income or loss before income taxes. Uncertain tax positions We apply significant judgment to evaluate our tax positions based on the interpretation of tax laws in various jurisdictions and with the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of income, deductions and tax credits. Our tax liability in any given year could be affected by changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements, and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or our level or profitability of operations in each jurisdiction. The tax laws relating to the offshore drilling industry in certain jurisdictions in which we operate are not well developed, requiring us to apply incremental judgment. Although we employ the best information available at the time we prepare our annual tax provision, a number of years may elapse before the tax liabilities in the various jurisdictions are ultimately determined. We are undergoing examinations of our tax returns in a number of taxing jurisdictions for various years. We review our liabilities on an ongoing basis and, to the extent audits or other events cause us to adjust the liabilities accrued in prior periods, we recognize those adjustments in the period of the event. Our tax liabilities are dependent on numerous factors that cannot be reasonably projected, including among others, the amount and nature of additional taxes potentially asserted by local tax authorities; the willingness of local tax authorities to negotiate a fair settlement through an administrative process; the impartiality of the local courts; and the potential for changes in the taxes paid to one country that either produce, or fail to produce, offsetting tax changes in other countries. Consequently, we cannot reasonably estimate the future impact of changes to the assumptions and estimates related to our annual tax provision. Unrecognized tax benefits We establish liabilities for estimated tax exposures, and the provisions and benefits resulting from changes to those liabilities are included in our annual tax provision along with related interest and penalties. Such tax exposures include potential challenges to permanent establishment positions, intercompany pricing, disposition transactions, and withholding tax rates and their applicability. These exposures may be affected by changes in applicable tax law or other factors, which could cause us to revise our prior estimates, and are generally resolved through the settlement of audits within these tax jurisdictions or by judicial means. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had unrecognized tax benefits of 471 million and 435 million, respectively, including interest and penalties, against which we recorded net operating loss deferred tax assets of 383 million and 320 million, respectively, resulting in net unrecognized tax benefits of 88 million and 115 million, respectively, including interest and penalties, that upon reversal would favorably impact our effective tax rate. Valuation allowance We apply significant judgment to determine whether our deferred tax assets will be fully or partially realized. Our evaluation requires us to consider all available positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income and the existence of cumulative losses in recent years. We continually evaluate tax planning strategies that could allow for the future utilization of 
 - 37 - 

Table of Contents 
 our deferred tax assets. When it is estimated to be more likely than not that all or some portion of certain deferred tax assets, such as foreign tax credit carryovers or net operating loss carryforwards, will not be realized, we establish a valuation allowance for the amount of the deferred tax assets that is considered to be unrealizable. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in connection with our evaluation of the projected realizability of our deferred tax assets, we determined that our consolidated cumulative loss incurred over the recent three-year period has limited our ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as projected contract activity rather than contract backlog. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Income Taxes . Property and equipment We apply significant judgment to account for our property and equipment, consisting primarily of offshore drilling rigs and related equipment, related to estimates and assumptions for cost capitalization, useful lives and salvage values. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of our property and equipment was 17.47 billion and 17.10 billion, respectively, representing 85 percent and 83 percent, respectively, of our total assets. Capitalized costs We capitalize costs incurred to enhance, improve and extend the useful lives of our property and equipment and expense costs incurred to repair and maintain the existing condition of our rigs. For newbuild construction projects, we also capitalize the initial preparation, mobilization and commissioning costs incurred until the drilling unit is placed into service. Capitalized costs increase the carrying amounts of, and depreciation expense for, the related assets, which also impact our results of operations. Useful lives and salvage values We depreciate our assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives after allowing for salvage values. We estimate useful lives and salvage values by applying judgments and assumptions that reflect both historical experience and expectations regarding future operations, rig utilization and asset performance. Useful lives and salvage values of rigs are difficult to estimate due to a variety of factors, including (a) technological advances that impact the methods or cost of oil and gas exploration and development, (b) changes in market or economic conditions and (c) changes in laws or regulations affecting the drilling industry. Applying different judgments and assumptions in establishing the useful lives and salvage values would likely result in materially different net carrying amounts and depreciation expense for our assets. We reevaluate the remaining useful lives and salvage values of our rigs when certain events occur that directly impact the useful lives and salvage values of the rigs, including changes in operating condition, functional capability and market and economic factors. We may also consider major capital upgrades required to perform certain contracts and the long-term impact of those upgrades on future marketability. At December 31, 2022, a hypothetical one-year increase in the useful lives of all of our rigs would cause a decrease in our annual depreciation expense of approximately 38 million and a hypothetical one-year decrease would cause an increase in our annual depreciation expense of approximately 13 million. Long - lived asset impairment We review our property and equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of our assets held and used may not be recoverable. Potential impairment indicators include rapid declines in commodity prices and related market conditions, declines in dayrates or utilization, cancellations of contracts or credit concerns of multiple customers. During periods of oversupply, we may idle or stack rigs for extended periods of time or we may elect to sell certain rigs for scrap, which could be an indication that an asset group may be impaired since supply and demand are the key drivers of rig utilization and our ability to contract our rigs at economical rates. Our rigs are mobile units, equipped to operate in geographic regions throughout the world and, consequently, we may mobilize rigs from an oversupplied region to a more lucrative and undersupplied region when it is economical to do so. Many of our contracts generally allow our customers to relocate our rigs from one geographic region to another, subject to certain conditions, and our customers utilize this capability to meet their worldwide drilling requirements. Accordingly, our rigs are considered to be interchangeable within classes or asset groups, and we evaluate impairment by asset group. We consider our asset groups to be ultra-deepwater floaters and harsh environment floaters. We assess recoverability of assets held and used by projecting undiscounted cash flows for the asset group being evaluated. When the carrying amount of the asset group is determined to be unrecoverable, we recognize an impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. To estimate the fair value of each asset group, we apply a variety of valuation methods, incorporating income, market and cost approaches. We may weigh the approaches, under certain circumstances, when relevant data is limited, when results are inconclusive or when results deviate significantly. Our estimate of fair value generally requires us to use significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including assumptions related to the long-term future performance of our asset groups, such as projected revenues and costs, dayrates, rig utilization and revenue efficiency. These projections involve uncertainties that rely on assumptions about demand for our services, future market conditions and technological developments. Because our business is cyclical in nature, the results of our impairment testing are expected to vary significantly depending on the timing of the assessment relative to the business cycle. Altering either the timing of or the assumptions used to estimate fair value and significant unanticipated changes to the assumptions could materially alter an outcome that could otherwise result in an impairment loss. Given the nature of these evaluations and their application to specific asset groups and specific time periods, it is not possible to reasonably quantify the impact of changes in these assumptions. In the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a loss of 31 million, which had no tax effect, associated with the impairment of the midwater floater asset group. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 6 Long-Lived Assets . Equity-method investments and impairment We review our equity-method investments for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable in the near term. Such circumstances include the following: (a) evidence we are unable to recover the carrying amount of our investment, (b) evidence that the investee is unable to sustain earnings that would justify the carrying amount or (c) the current fair value of the investment is less than the carrying amount. If an evaluation of such circumstances results in the determination that an impairment that is other than temporary exists, 
 - 38 - 

Table of Contents 
 we recognize an impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the investment exceeds its estimated fair value. To estimate the fair value of the investment, we apply valuation methods that rely primarily on the income and market approaches. Our estimate of fair value generally requires us to use significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including assumptions related to the estimated discount rate and the investee s long-term future operational performance factors, such as projected revenues and costs and market factors, including demand for the investee s industry, services and product lines. Such projections involve significant uncertainties and require significant judgment. In the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a loss of 37 million and 59 million, respectively, associated with an other-than-temporary impairment of the carrying amount of our equity-method investments. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3 Unconsolidated Affiliates . Other Matters Regulatory matters We occasionally receive inquiries from governmental regulatory agencies regarding our operations around the world, including inquiries with respect to various tax, environmental, regulatory and compliance matters. To the extent appropriate under the circumstances, we investigate such matters, respond to such inquiries and cooperate with the regulatory agencies. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies . Tax matters We conduct operations through our various subsidiaries in countries throughout the world. Each country has its own tax regimes with varying nominal rates, deductions and tax attributes that are subject to changes resulting from new legislation, interpretation or guidance. From time to time, as a result of these changes, we may revise previously evaluated tax positions, which could cause us to adjust our recorded tax assets and liabilities. Tax authorities in certain jurisdictions are examining our tax returns and, in some cases, have issued assessments. We intend to defend our tax positions vigorously. Although we can provide no assurance as to the outcome of the aforementioned changes, examinations or assessments, we do not expect the ultimate liability to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of financial position or results of operations; however, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of cash flows. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 10 Income Taxes . Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest rate risk We are exposed to interest rate risk, primarily associated with our long-term debt, including current maturities. The following table presents the scheduled installment amounts and related weighted-average interest rates of our long-term debt instruments by contractual maturity date. The scheduled installment amounts include the contractual principal and interest payments resulting from previously restructured debt. The following table presents information as of December 31, 2022 for each of the five years in the period ending December 31, 2027 and thereafter (in millions, except interest rate percentages): Twelve months ending December 31, 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair value Debt Fixed rate (USD) 728 952 1,132 866 1,889 1,744 7,311 6,412 Average interest rate 5.08 5.87 5.44 6.37 4.01 6.87 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of our outstanding debt was 6.41 billion and 5.66 billion, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value of our debt increased by 751 million due to the following: (a) an increase of 469 million due to changes in the market prices of our outstanding debt, (b) an increase of 407 million due to borrowings under shipyard loans established to finance a portion of the final installments due upon delivery of Deepwater Atlas and Deepwater Titan and (c) a net increase of 388 million due to the issuance of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in private exchanges for a portion of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds and the 7.25 Senior Notes and the sale of new securities, partially offset by (d) a decrease of 468 million due to scheduled repayments and (e) a decrease of 44 million due to early retirement. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 8 Debt . The majority of our cash equivalents is subject to variable interest rates or short-term interest rates and such cash equivalents earn commensurately higher rates of return when interest rates increase. Currency exchange rate risk We are exposed to currency exchange rate risk primarily related to contract drilling revenues, employee compensation costs and purchasing costs that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currency, the U.S. dollar. We use a variety of techniques to minimize the exposure to currency exchange rate risk, including the structuring of customer contract payment terms and occasional use of forward exchange contracts. Our primary tool to manage currency exchange rate risk involves structuring customer contracts to provide for payment in both U.S. dollars and local currency. The payment portion denominated in local currency is based on anticipated local currency requirements over the contract term. Due to various factors, including customer acceptance, local banking laws, national content requirements, other statutory requirements, local currency convertibility, local inflation and revenue efficiency, actual local currency needs may vary from those realized in the customer contracts, resulting in partial exposure to currency exchange rate risk. The currency exchange effect resulting from our international operations generally has not had a material impact on our operating results. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 18 Risk Concentration . 
 - 39 - 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management of Transocean Ltd. (the Company, we or our is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of the financial information included in this annual report. We have prepared our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require us to apply our best judgement to make estimates and assumptions for certain amounts. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of internal controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Our internal control system is supported by a program of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection of qualified personnel, and a written Code of Integrity. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness in future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, as described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , as published in 2013. Based on this assessment, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Company s independent auditors, Ernst Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, are appointed by the audit committee of the Company s board of directors, subject to ratification by our shareholders. Ernst Young LLP has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries, and the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The reports of the independent auditors are contained in this annual report. 
 - 40 - 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Transocean Ltd. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ February 22, 2023 
 - 41 - 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Transocean Ltd. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Opinion on the Financial Statements These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Income Taxes Description of the Matter As discussed in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company operates in multiple jurisdictions through a complex operating structure and is subject to applicable tax laws, treaties or regulations in each jurisdiction where it operates. The Company s provision for income taxes is based on the tax laws and rates applicable in each jurisdiction. The Company recognizes tax benefits they believe are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Auditing management s provision for income taxes and related deferred taxes was complex because of the Company s multi-national operating structure. In addition, a higher degree of auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company s deferred tax provision as a result of the Company s interpretation of tax law in certain jurisdictions across its multiple subsidiaries. 

 - 42 - 

Table of Contents 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s income tax provision process, including controls over management s review of the identification and valuation of deferred income taxes and changes in tax laws and regulations that may impact the Company s deferred income tax provision. Our audit procedures also included, among others, (i) obtaining an understanding of the Company s overall tax structure, evaluating changes in the Company s tax structure that occurred during the year as well as changes in tax law, and assessing the interpretation of those changes under the relevant jurisdiction s tax law; (ii) utilizing tax resources with appropriate knowledge of local jurisdictional laws and regulations; (iii) evaluating the completeness and accuracy of deferred income taxes, and (iv) assessing the reasonableness of the Company s valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, including projections of taxable income from the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. Houston, Texas February 22, 2023 
 - 43 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in millions, except per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Contract drilling revenues Costs and expenses Operating and maintenance Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Loss on impairment ) Loss on disposal of assets, net ) ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Interest income Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized ) ) ) Gain on restructuring and retirement of debt Other, net ) ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax expense ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) Loss per share, basic and diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares, basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes. - 44 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (in millions) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) Components of net periodic benefit (income) costs before reclassifications ) Components of net periodic benefit costs reclassified to net loss Other comprehensive income (loss) before income taxes ) Income taxes related to other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling interest ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Total comprehensive loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. - 45 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in millions, except share data) December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Materials and supplies, net Restricted cash and cash equivalents Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Contract intangible assets Deferred tax assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity Accounts payable Accrued income taxes Debt due within one year Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities, net Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shares, CHF par value, authorized, conditionally authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and authorized, conditionally authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total controlling interest shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes. - 46 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (in millions) 

Years ended December 31, Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Shares Balance, beginning of period Issuance of shares Balance, end of period Additional paid-in capital Balance, beginning of period Share-based compensation Issuance of shares ) Issuance of warrants Equity component of convertible debt instruments Other, net Balance, end of period Accumulated deficit Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) Net loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) Effect of adopting accounting standards update ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling interest ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) Total controlling interest shareholders equity Balance, beginning of period Total comprehensive loss attributable to controlling interest ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Issuance of warrants Equity component of convertible debt instruments Other, net ) Balance, end of period Noncontrolling interest Balance, beginning of period Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) Other, net ) Balance, end of period Total equity Balance, beginning of period Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Issuance of warrants Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) Equity component of convertible debt instruments Other, net ) Balance, end of period 
 See accompanying notes. - 47 - 

Table of Contents 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in millions) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities: Contract intangible asset amortization Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Loss on impairment Loss on impairment of investment in unconsolidated affiliates Loss on disposal of assets, net Fair value adjustment to bifurcated compound exchange feature Gain on restructuring and retirement of debt ) ) ) Deferred income tax expense Other, net Changes in deferred revenues, net ) ) ) Changes in deferred costs, net ) Changes in other operating assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Investments in equity of unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Investments in loans to unconsolidated affiliates ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of assets, net Proceeds from maturities of unrestricted and restricted investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Repayments of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of shares, net of issue costs Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issue costs Proceeds from issuance of warrants, net of issue costs Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net decrease in unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Unrestricted and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 See accompanying notes. - 48 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 mobile offshore drilling units, consisting of ultra-deepwater floaters and harsh environment floaters. As of December 31, 2022, we were constructing ultra-deepwater drillship and held a noncontrolling ownership interest in a company that is constructing ultra-deepwater drillship. We provide, as our primary business, contract drilling services in a single operating segment, which involves contracting our mobile offshore drilling rigs, related equipment and work crews to drill oil and gas wells. We specialize in technically demanding regions of the global offshore drilling business with a particular focus on ultra-deepwater and harsh environment drilling services. Our drilling fleet is one of the most versatile fleets in the world, consisting of drillships and semisubmersible floaters used in support of offshore drilling activities and offshore support services on a worldwide basis. We perform contract drilling services by deploying our high-specification fleet in a single , global market that is geographically dispersed in oil and gas exploration and development areas throughout the world. The location of our rigs and the allocation of our resources to build or upgrade rigs are determined by the activities and needs of our customers. 
 - 49 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million, million and million, respectively, for our construction work in progress. million, million and million, respectively, related to currency exchange rates. 
 - 50 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million per diluted share, net of tax). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our allowance for excess items was million and million, respectively. assets classified as held for sale. percent of our total assets. We capitalize expenditures for newbuilds, renewals, replacements and improvements, including capitalized interest, if applicable, and we recognize the expense for maintenance and repair costs as incurred. For newbuild construction projects, we also capitalize the initial preparation, mobilization and commissioning costs incurred until the drilling unit is placed into service. Upon sale or other disposition of an asset, we recognize a net gain or loss on disposal of the asset, which is measured as the difference between the net carrying amount of the asset and the net proceeds received. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method after allowing for salvage values. The estimated original useful life of our drilling units is , our buildings and improvements range from three to and our machinery and equipment range from four to . We reevaluate the remaining useful lives and salvage values of our rigs when certain events occur that directly impact the useful lives and salvage values of the rigs, including changes in operating condition, functional capability and market and economic factors. When evaluating the remaining useful lives of rigs, we also consider major capital upgrades required to perform certain contracts and the long-term impact of those upgrades on future marketability. million and million, respectively, associated with the other-than-temporary impairment of the carrying amount of our equity investments. We amortize the basis difference caused by such impairments using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the asset. See Note 3 Unconsolidated Affiliates . period from the year in which they occur. We calculate investment gains or losses for this purpose as the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of assets and the actual return based on the market-related value of assets. If gains or losses exceed percent of the greater of plan assets or plan liabilities, we amortize such gains or losses over the average expected future service period of the employee participants. We measure the actuarially determined obligations and related costs for our defined benefit pension and other postemployment benefit plans, retiree life insurance and medical benefits, by applying assumptions, the most significant of which include long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates and mortality rates. For the long-term rate of return, we develop our assumptions regarding the expected rate of return on plan assets based on historical experience and projected long-term investment returns, and we weight the assumptions 
 - 51 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million and million, respectively, and an aggregate asset of million and million, respectively. See Note 9 Postemployment Benefit Plans . percent ownership interest in Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited (together with its subsidiary, Orion ), a Cayman Islands company that owns the harsh environment floater Transocean Norge , (b) our percent ownership interest in Liquila Ventures Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, Liquila ), a Bermuda company formed to construct, own and operate the newbuild ultra-deepwater drillship Deepwater Aquila , (c) our percent ownership interest in Nauticus Robotics, Inc., a publicly traded company that develops highly sophisticated, ultra-sustainable marine robots and intelligent software to power them, (d) our interests in Ocean Minerals LLC, the parent company of Moana Minerals Ltd., a Cook Islands subsea resource development company that intends to explore and extract polymetallic nodules, and (e) our interests in certain other companies that are involved in researching and developing technology to improve efficiency, reliability, sustainability and safety for drilling and other activities. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a net loss of million, million and million, respectively, recorded in other income and expense, associated with equity in losses of our equity investments. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying amount of our equity investments was million and million, respectively, recorded in other assets. In November 2022, we and Perestroika AS Perestroika ), an entity affiliated with one of our directors that beneficially owns approximately percent of our shares, each made a cash contribution of million and million, respectively, to Liquila. The investments represented proportionate contributions, together with a contribution from the holder of the remaining percent ownership interest, that were used to make the initial payment to the shipyard to acquire a newbuild drillship for a purchase price of approximately million. We concluded that Liquila is a variable interest entity because its equity at risk was insufficient to permit it to carry on its activities without additional subordinated financial support, and we further concluded that we are not the primary beneficiary since the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact its economic performance are jointly controlled. The holder of the remaining percent ownership interest in Liquila may, at any time through November 10, 2023, elect to require us to repurchase up to percent of such holder s initial investment at the value that the holder initially paid therefor. We may, at our election, settle any such repurchase by delivering cash, Transocean Ltd. shares or a combination of cash and shares, where any shares delivered would be valued using the then-current market price of shares. At December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of our investment in Liquila was million, recorded in other assets. Impairments Our equity-method investment in Orion is the most significant of our equity investments. In the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a loss of million and million, respectively, which had no tax effect, recorded in other, net, associated with the impairment of our equity investment in Orion upon determination that the carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair value and that the impairment was other than temporary. We estimated the fair value of our investment by applying the income method using significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including an assumed discount rate of percent and assumptions about the future performance of the investment, such as future demand and supply for harsh environment floaters, rig utilization, revenue efficiency and dayrates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying amount of our equity investment in Orion was million and million, respectively. Related party transactions We engage in certain related party transactions with our unconsolidated affiliates, the most significant of which are under agreements with Orion. We operate, stack and maintain Transocean Norge under a management services agreement, and we market Transocean Norge under a marketing services agreement. During operations, we lease Transocean Norge under a short-term bareboat charter agreement, the next of which is expected to begin in May 2023 and expire in January 2024. In addition to our ownership interest in Liquila, we maintain the exclusive right to market, and once it is placed into service, manage the operations of the rig under a master services agreement. Additionally, we procure and provide services and equipment from and to other unconsolidated affiliates for technological innovation and subsea minerals exploration. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received an aggregate cash payment of million, million and million, respectively, primarily for services performed under the management services agreement with Orion. In the years ended 
 - 52 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million, million and million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs, and made an aggregate cash payment of million, million and million, respectively, to charter the rig and rent other equipment from Orion. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we made an aggregate cash payment of million, million and million, respectively, to other unconsolidated affiliates for research and development and for equipment to reduce emissions and improve reliability. In June 2021, Orion refinanced its shipyard loans under a financing arrangement for million, , and we made a cash investment of million in the loan facility. The financing arrangement, which expires in June 2024, requires interest to be paid on outstanding borrowings at the London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin of percent per annum. Borrowings under the financing arrangement are secured by Transocean Norge . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate principal amount due to us under the various financing arrangements with our unconsolidated affiliates was million and million, respectively, recorded in other assets. Subsequent event In February 2023, we agreed to make an investment for a noncontrolling ownership interest in Global Sea Mineral Resources, a Belgian company and leading developer of nodule collection technology, which is engaged in the development and exploration of deep-sea polymetallic nodules that contain metals critical to the growing renewable energy market. In addition to a cash investment of million, we agreed to contribute the ultra-deepwater drillship Ocean Rig Olympia , and we expect to contribute engineering services in the future. In the three months ending March 31, 2023, we expect to recognize a material loss associated with the contribution of the rig and related assets. Norway Other countries (a) Total contract drilling revenues 

 (a) The aggregate contract drilling revenues earned in other countries that individually represented less than 10 percent of total contract drilling revenues. 
 Major customers For the year ended December 31, 2022, Shell plc (together with its affiliates, Shell ), Equinor ASA (together with its affiliates, Equinor and Petr leo Brasileiro S.A. represented approximately percent, percent and percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Shell and Equinor represented approximately percent and percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2020, Shell, Equinor and Chevron Corporation represented approximately percent, percent and percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating revenues. Contract liabilities Contract liabilities for our contracts with customers were as follows (in millions): Deferred contract revenues, recorded in other long-term liabilities Total contract liabilities Significant changes in contract liabilities were as follows (in millions): 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Total contract liabilities, beginning of period Decrease due to recognition of revenues for goods and services ) ) Increase due to goods and services transferred over time Total contract liabilities, end of period 
 - 53 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million in four equal installments through January 15, 2023. In the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized revenues of million, representing the discounted value of the future payments, and recorded corresponding accounts receivable, net of imputed interest. In each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, we received an aggregate cash payment of million in scheduled installments under the arrangement. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate carrying amount of the related receivable was million, net of imputed interest, recorded in accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, the aggregate carrying amount of the related receivable was million, net of imputed interest, including million and million, recorded in accounts receivable and other assets, respectively. Pre-operating costs In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized pre-operating costs of million, million and million, respectively, recorded in operating and maintenance costs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrecognized pre-operating costs to obtain contracts was million and million, respectively, recorded in other assets. ) ) Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) As of December 31, 2022, the estimated future amortization to be recognized over the expected remaining contract periods in the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2024 was million and million, respectively. Norway Greece Other countries (a) Total long-lived assets 

 (a) The aggregate carrying amount of long-lived assets located in other countries that individually represented less than 10 percent of total long-lived assets. 
 Because the majority of our assets are mobile, the geographic locations of such assets at the end of the periods are not necessarily indicative of the geographic distribution of the operating revenues generated by such assets during the periods presented. Our international operations are subject to certain political and other uncertainties, including risks of war and civil disturbances or other market disrupting events, expropriation of equipment, repatriation of income or capital, taxation policies, and the general hazards associated with certain areas in which we operate. Although we are organized under the laws of Switzerland, we have minimal assets located in Switzerland, and we do not conduct any operations or earn operating revenues in Switzerland. 
 - 54 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Capital expenditures Newbuild construction program Other equipment and construction projects Total capital expenditures Non-cash capital additions financed under Shipyard Loans Changes in accrued capital additions ) Property and equipment placed into service Newbuild construction program ) Other equipment and construction projects ) ) ) Construction work in progress, end of period Impairments of assets held and used During the year ended December 31, 2020, we identified indicators that the carrying amounts of our asset groups may not be recoverable. Such indicators included significant declines in commodity prices and the market value of our stock, a reduction of expected demand for our drilling services as our customers announced reductions of capital investments in response to commodity prices and a reduction of projected dayrates. As a result of our testing, we determined that the carrying amount of our midwater floater asset group was impaired. In the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a loss of million per diluted share), which had tax effect, associated with the impairment of our midwater floater asset group. We estimated the fair value of the rig and related assets in this asset group by applying the market approach using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the marketability of the rig and prices of comparable rigs that may be sold for scrap value. Impairments of assets held for sale In the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized an aggregate loss of million per diluted share), which had tax effect, associated with the impairment of the ultra-deepwater floater GSF Development Driller II , the harsh environment floaters Polar Pioneer and Songa Dee and the midwater floaters Sedco 711 , Sedco 714 and Transocean 712 , along with related assets, which we determined were impaired at the time that we classified the assets as held for sale. We measured the impairment of the drilling units and related assets as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the estimated fair value less costs to sell. We estimated the fair value of the assets using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including indicative market values for the drilling units and related assets to be sold for scrap value or binding contracts to sell such assets for alternative purposes. If we commit to plans to sell additional rigs for values below the respective carrying amounts, we will be required to recognize additional losses in future periods associated with the impairment of such assets. Dispositions During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with our efforts to dispose of non-strategic assets, we completed the sale of the harsh environment floater Leiv Eiriksson and related assets. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we completed the sale of the ultra-deepwater floater GSF Development Driller II , the harsh environment floaters Polar Pioneer, Songa Dee and Transocean Arctic and the midwater floaters Sedco 711 , Sedco 714 and Transocean 712 , along with related assets. In the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we received aggregate net cash proceeds of million and million, respectively, and recognized an aggregate net loss of million per diluted share) and million per diluted share), which had tax effect, primarily associated with the disposal of these rigs and related assets. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received aggregate net cash proceeds of million, million and million, respectively and recognized an aggregate net loss of million, million and million, respectively, associated with the disposal of assets unrelated to rig sales. percent and a weighted-average remaining lease term of years. Our finance lease for the ultra-deepwater drillship Petrobras 10000 has an implicit interest rate of percent and requires scheduled monthly installments through the lease expiration in August 2029, after which we are obligated to acquire the drillship from the lessor for dollar. We recognize expense for the amortization of the right-of-use asset in depreciation and amortization. 
 - 55 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Operating lease costs Finance lease costs, amortization of right-of-use asset Finance lease costs, interest on lease liability Total lease costs Lease payments Supplemental cash flow information for our leases was as follows (in millions): Operating cash flows from finance lease Financing cash flows from finance lease 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum rental payment Less amount representing imputed interest ) ) Present value of future minimum rental payments Current portion, recorded in other current liabilities Long-term lease liabilities, recorded in other long-term liabilities 
 - 56 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Senior Secured Notes due May 2022 (a) Senior Notes due October 2022 (b) Exchangeable Senior Bonds due January 2023 (b) Senior Secured Notes due May 2023 (c) Senior Secured Notes due January 2024 (c) Senior Secured Notes due October 2024 (c) Senior Secured Notes due December 2024 (c) Senior Secured Notes due August 2025 (c) Senior Notes due November 2025 (d) Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due December 2025 (e) Senior Notes due January 2026 (d) Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due January 2027 (e) Senior Guaranteed Notes due January 2027 (e) Senior Secured Notes due February 2027 (c) Senior Notes due February 2027 (d) Notes due April 2027 (b) Debentures due April 2027 (b) Shipyard Loans due September 2027 (f) Notes due June 2028 (f) Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due September 2029 (d) Notes due April 2031 (b) Senior Notes due March 2038 (b) Senior Notes due December 2041 (b) Total debt Less debt due within one year Senior Secured Notes due May 2022 (a) Senior Notes due October 2022 (b) Exchangeable Senior Bonds due January 2023 (b) Senior Secured Notes due May 2023 (c) Senior Secured Notes due January 2024 (c) Senior Secured Notes due October 2024 (c) Senior Secured Notes due December 2024 (c) Senior Secured Notes due August 2025 (c) Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due January 2027 (e) Senior Guaranteed Notes due January 2027 (e) Senior Secured Notes due February 2027 (c) Shipyard Loans due September 2027 (f) Total debt due within one year Total long-term debt 

 (a) The subsidiary issuer of the unregistered senior secured notes is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Transocean Inc. The senior secured notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the owner of the collateral rig. (b) Transocean Inc., a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Transocean Ltd., is the issuer of the notes and debentures (the Legacy Guaranteed Notes ). The Legacy Guaranteed Notes are fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. (c) Each subsidiary issuer of the respective unregistered senior secured notes is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Transocean Inc. The senior secured notes are fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc. and, in each case, the owner of the respective collateral rig or rigs. (d) Transocean Inc. is the issuer of the unregistered notes (collectively, the Priority Guaranteed Notes ). The guaranteed senior unsecured notes are fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. and certain wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of Transocean Inc. and rank equal in right of payment of all of our existing and future unsecured unsubordinated obligations. Such notes are structurally senior to the Legacy Guaranteed Notes, the 4.50 shipyard loans due September 2027 (each, a Shipyard Loan , and together, the Shipyard Loans and the 7.00 notes due June 2028 and are structurally subordinate to the Senior Priority Guaranteed Notes, as defined below, to the extent of the value of the assets of the subsidiaries guaranteeing the notes. (e) Transocean Inc. is the issuer of the unregistered notes (together, the Senior Priority Guaranteed Notes ). The priority guaranteed senior unsecured notes are fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. and certain wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of Transocean Inc. and rank equal 
 - 57 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Transocean Ltd. has no independent assets or operations, and its other subsidiaries not owned indirectly through Transocean Inc. are minor. Transocean Inc. has no independent assets and operations, other than those related to its investments in non-guarantor operating companies and balances primarily pertaining to its cash and cash equivalents and debt. Transocean Ltd. and Transocean Inc. are not subject to any significant restrictions on their ability to obtain funds from their consolidated subsidiaries by dividends, loans or capital distributions. Indentures The indentures that govern our debt generally contain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur certain liens on our drilling units without equally and ratably securing the notes, to engage in certain sale and lease back transactions covering any of our drilling units, to allow our subsidiaries to incur certain additional debt, or to engage in certain merger, consolidation or reorganization transactions or to enter into a scheme of arrangement qualifying as an amalgamation. The indentures that govern the 0.50 exchangeable senior bonds due January 2023 (the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds ), the 4.00 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due December 2025 (the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds ), the 2.50 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due January 2027 (the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and the 4.625 senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds due September 2029 (the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds require such bonds to be repurchased upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes and events, at specified prices depending on the particular fundamental change or event, which include changes and events related to certain (i) change of control events applicable to Transocean Ltd. or Transocean Inc., (ii) the failure of our shares to be listed or quoted on a national securities exchange and (iii) specified tax matters. The indentures that govern the 5.375 Senior Secured Notes due May 2023 (the 5.375 Senior Secured Notes ), the 5.875 senior secured notes due January 2024 (the 5.875 Senior Secured Notes ), the 7.75 senior secured notes due October 2024 (the 7.75 Senior Secured Notes ), the 6.25 senior secured notes due December 2024 (the 6.25 Senior Secured Notes ), the 6.125 senior secured notes due August 2025 (the 6.125 Senior Secured Notes and the 6.875 senior secured notes due February 2027 contain covenants that limit the ability of our subsidiaries that own or operate the collateral rigs to declare or pay dividends to their affiliates. The indentures that govern our senior secured notes contain certain lien requirements. At December 31, 2022, we had restricted cash and cash equivalents of million deposited in restricted accounts to satisfy debt service and reserve requirements for the senior secured notes. At December 31, 2022, the rigs encumbered for the senior secured notes and our Shipyard Loans, including Deepwater Atlas , Deepwater Pontus , Deepwater Poseidon , Deepwater Proteus , Deepwater Thalassa , Transocean Enabler , Transocean Encourage and Transocean Endurance , had an aggregate carrying amount of billion. We will be required to redeem the senior secured notes at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount without a make-whole premium, upon the occurrence of certain events related to the respective collateral rigs and related drilling contracts. Interest rate adjustments The interest rates for the 7.35 senior notes due December 2041 (the 7.35 Senior Notes are subject to adjustment from time to time upon a change to the credit rating of our non-credit enhanced senior unsecured long-term debt. At December 31, 2022, the interest rate in effect for the 7.35 Senior Notes was percent. Scheduled maturities At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of our debt, including the principal installments and other installments, representing the contractual interest payments of previously restructured debt, were as follows (in millions): 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total installments of debt Total unamortized debt-related balances, net ) Bifurcated compound exchange feature, at estimated fair value Total carrying amount of debt Credit agreements Secured Credit Facility As of December 31, 2022, we have a secured revolving credit facility established under a bank credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the Secured Credit Facility ), which is scheduled to mature on June 22, 2025. In July 2022, we amended the bank credit agreement for our Secured Credit Facility to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date from June 22, 2023 
 - 58 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 billion to million through June 22, 2023, and thereafter reduce the borrowing capacity to million through June 22, 2025 and (iii) replace our ability to borrow under the Secured Credit Facility at the reserve adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate plus a margin (the Secured Credit Facility Margin with the ability to borrow under the Secured Credit Facility at a forward looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR plus the Secured Credit Facility Margin and a Term SOFR spread adjustment of percent. The Secured Credit Facility is subject to permitted extensions and certain early maturity triggers, including if on any date the aggregate amount of scheduled principal repayments of indebtedness, with certain exceptions, due within 91 days thereof is equal to or in excess of million and available cash is less than million. The amended secured credit facility also permits us to increase the aggregate amount of commitments by up to million. The Secured Credit Facility is guaranteed by Transocean Ltd. and certain wholly owned subsidiaries. The Secured Credit Facility is secured by, among other things, a lien on the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Asgard , Deepwater Corcovado , Deepwater Invictus , Deepwater Mykonos , Deepwater Orion , Deepwater Skyros , Development Driller III , Dhirubhai Deepwater KG2 and Discoverer Inspiration and the harsh environment floaters Transocean Barents and Transocean Spitsbergen , and at December 31, 2022, the aggregate carrying amount of which was billion. The Secured Credit Facility contains covenants that, among other things, include maintenance of a minimum guarantee coverage ratio of to 1.0, a minimum collateral coverage ratio of to 1.0, a maximum debt to capitalization ratio of to 1.00 and minimum liquidity of million. The Secured Credit Facility also restricts the ability of Transocean Ltd. and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, merge, consolidate or otherwise make changes to the corporate structure, incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, enter into transactions with affiliates and pay dividends and other distributions. In order to utilize the Secured Credit Facility, we must, at the time of the borrowing request, be in full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Secured Credit Facility and make certain representations and warranties, including with respect to compliance with laws and solvency, to the lenders. Repayment of borrowings under the Secured Credit Facility are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default. Under the agreements governing certain of our debt and finance lease, we are also subject to various covenants, including restrictions on creating liens, engaging in sale/leaseback transactions and engaging in certain merger, consolidation or reorganization transactions. A default under our public debt indentures, the agreements governing our senior secured notes, our finance lease contract or any other debt owed to unaffiliated entities that exceeds million could trigger a default under the Secured Credit Facility and, if not waived by the lenders, could cause us to lose access to the Secured Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022, based on the credit rating of the Secured Credit Facility on that date, the Secured Credit Facility Margin was percent and the facility fee was percent. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings outstanding, million of letters of credit issued, and we had million of available borrowing capacity under the Secured Credit Facility. Shipyard financing arrangement At December 31, 2022, we have credit agreements that established the Shipyard Loans to finance all or a portion of the final payments owed to the shipyard upon delivery of the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Atlas and Deepwater Titan . Borrowings under the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Atlas are secured by, among other security, a lien on the rig, and borrowings under the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Titan are unsecured. We have the right to prepay outstanding borrowings, in full or in part, without penalty. The Shipyard Loans contain covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the subsidiary owners of the drilling rigs to incur certain types of additional indebtedness or make certain additional commitments or investments. In June 2022, we borrowed million under the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Atlas and made a cash payment of million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of the rig. In December 2022, we borrowed million under the Shipyard Loan for Deepwater Titan and made a cash payment of million to satisfy the final milestone payment due upon delivery of the rig. We recorded each Shipyard Loan, net of imputed interest, with an initial carrying amount of million and million, respectively, and corresponding non-cash capital additions, recorded in property and equipment. The carrying amount of each Shipyard Loan at inception represented its estimated fair value using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads of our debt, by applying an estimated discount rate of percent and percent, respectively. Exchangeable bonds Exchangeable Senior Bonds due January 2023 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due December 2025 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due January 2027 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due September 2029 The exchange rates, identified above, are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. The 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds may be exchanged by holders into Transocean Ltd. shares at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds may be exchanged by holders at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding the maturity date and, at our election, such exchange may be settled by delivering cash, Transocean Ltd. shares or a combination of cash and shares. The 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable 
 - 59 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Exchangeable Senior Bonds due January 2023 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due December 2025 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due January 2027 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds due September 2029 The 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds contain a compound exchange feature that, in addition to the exchange terms outlined above, requires us to pay holders a make whole premium of future interest through March 30, 2028, for exchanges exercised during a redemption notice period. Such compound exchange feature must be bifurcated from the host debt instrument since it is not considered indexed to our stock. Accordingly, we recognize changes to the estimated fair value of the bifurcated compound exchange feature, recorded as a component of the carrying amount of debt, with a corresponding adjustment to interest expense. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an unrealized loss of million as an adjustment to the fair value of the bifurcated compound exchange feature. We estimated the fair values of the exchangeable debt instruments, including the exchange features, by employing a binomial lattice model using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads of our debt and the expected volatility of the market price for our shares. Related balances At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the premium associated with the original issuance of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds had a carrying amount of million, recorded in equity as a component of additional paid-in capital. Debt issuance Senior guaranteed exchangeable bonds On September 30, 2022, we issued million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in connection with exchange and purchase agreements. Pursuant to the exchange and purchase agreements, we exchanged (the 2022 Private Exchange (a) million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds for (i) million aggregate principal amount of 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and (ii) million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares, and (b) million aggregate principal amount of the 7.25 senior notes due November 2025 for million aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. In the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the 2022 Private Exchange, we recognized a gain of million per diluted share), with no tax effect, associated with the retirement of debt. Additionally, we sold million aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and issued million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares for aggregate net cash proceeds of million. On or after March 30, 2026, we may redeem for cash all or a portion of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds at a price equivalent to the aggregate principal amount to be redeemed if the closing price of our shares has been greater than percent of the exchange price for a period of at least trading days. The initial carrying amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds, measured at the estimated fair value on the date of issuance, was million. We estimated the fair value of the exchangeable debt instrument, including the exchange feature, by employing a binomial lattice model and by using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads of our debt and expected volatility of the market price for our shares. See Note 13 Equity . On February 26, 2021, we issued million aggregate principal amount of the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds and made an aggregate cash payment of million in private exchanges (the 2021 Private Exchange for million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds. In the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result of the 2021 Private Exchange, we recognized a gain of million per diluted share), with no tax effect, associated with the retirement of debt. The initial carrying amount of the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds, measured at the estimated fair value on the date of issuance, was million. We estimated the fair value of the exchangeable debt instrument, including the exchange feature, by employing a binomial lattice model using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads of our debt and expected volatility of the market price for our shares. On August 14, 2020, we issued million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in non-cash private exchanges (the 2020 Private Exchange for million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds. In the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the 2020 Private Exchange, we recognized a gain of million per diluted share), with no tax effect, associated with the restructuring of debt. We may redeem all or a portion of the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds (i) before August 14, 2023, if certain conditions related to the price of our shares have been satisfied, at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount and (ii) on or after August 14, 2023, at specified redemption prices. We recorded the 
 - 60 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million, to additional paid-in capital. We estimated the fair value by employing a binomial lattice model using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the expected volatility of the market price for our shares. Related party transactions In August 2020, Perestroika exchanged million aggregate principal amount of the 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds for million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. Perestroika has certain registration rights related to its shares and shares that may be issued in connection with any exchange of its 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Perestroika held million aggregate principal amount of the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. Priority guaranteed senior unsecured notes On September 11, 2020, we issued million aggregate principal amount of 11.50 senior guaranteed notes due January 2027 (the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes in non-cash exchange offers, pursuant to an exchange offer memorandum, dated August 10, 2020, as supplemented, for an aggregate principal amount of billion of several series of our existing debt securities that were validly tendered and accepted for purchase (the 2020 Exchange Offers and, together with the 2020 Private Exchange, the 2020 Exchange Transactions ). In the year ended December 31, 2020, as a result of the 2020 Exchange Offers, we recognized a gain of million per diluted share), with no tax effect, associated with the restructuring of debt (see Debt repayment, redemption, restructuring, and retirement ). We may redeem all or a portion of the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes prior to July 30, 2023 at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. We may also use the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings by Transocean Ltd. to redeem, on one or more occasions prior to July 30, 2023, up to a maximum of percent of the original aggregate principal amount of the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes, subject to certain adjustments, at a redemption price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount. Guaranteed senior unsecured notes On January 17, 2020, we issued million aggregate principal amount of 8.00 senior notes due February 2027 (the 8.00 Senior Notes ), and we received aggregate cash proceeds of million, net of issue costs. We may redeem all or a portion of the 8.00 Senior Notes on or prior to February 1, 2023 at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. Debt repayment, redemption, restructuring, and retirement Restructuring and early retirement During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we restructured or retired certain notes as a result of exchange offers, private exchanges, redemption, tender offers and open market repurchases. We recorded the 2020 Exchange Transactions completed in August 2020 and September 2020 under ASC 470-60, Troubled Debt Restructuring by Debtors. The aggregate principal amounts, cash payments and recognized gain or loss for such transactions were as follows (in millions): Senior Notes due November 2020 Senior Notes due December 2021 Senior Secured Notes due May 2022 Senior Notes due October 2022 Exchangeable Senior Bonds due January 2023 Senior Secured Notes due May 2023 Senior Notes due July 2023 Senior Secured Notes due January 2024 Senior Notes due November 2025 Senior Notes due January 2026 Senior Notes due February 2027 Notes due April 2027 Debentures due April 2027 Notes due June 2028 Notes due April 2031 Senior Notes due March 2038 Senior Notes due December 2041 Aggregate principal amount of debt retired Aggregate cash payment Aggregate principal amount of debt issued in exchanges Aggregate fair value of warrants issued in exchanges Aggregate net gain (loss) ) Scheduled maturities and installments On the scheduled maturity date of December 15, 2021, we made a cash payment of million to repay an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 6.375 senior notes due December 2021. On the scheduled maturity date of November 16, 2020, we made a cash payment of million to repay an equivalent aggregate principal amount 
 - 61 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million, million and million, respectively, to repay other indebtedness in scheduled installments. Subsequent events Debt issuance In January 2023, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due February 2028 (the 8.375 Senior Secured Notes ), and we received million aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.375 Senior Secured Notes are secured by the assets and earnings associated with the ultra-deepwater floater Deepwater Titan and the equity of the wholly owned subsidiary that owns or operates the collateral rig. Additionally, we are required to maintain certain balances in a restricted cash account to satisfy debt service requirements. We may redeem all or a portion of the 8.375 Senior Secured Notes on or prior to February 1, 2025 at a price equal to percent of the aggregate principal amount plus a make-whole premium, and subsequently, at specified redemption prices. In January 2023, we issued billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due February 2030 (the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes ), and we received billion aggregate cash proceeds, net of issue costs. The 8.75 Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured basis by Transocean Ltd. and on a limited senior secured basis by certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries. The 8.75 Senior Secured Notes are secured by a lien on the ultra-deepwater floaters Deepwater Pontus , Deepwater Proteus and Deepwater Thalassa and the harsh environment floaters Transocean Enabler and Transocean Encourage , together with certain related assets. Additionally, we are required to maintain certain balances in a restricted cash account to satisfy debt service requirements. Debt retirement On the scheduled maturity date of January 30, 2023, we made a cash payment of million to repay an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds. In January 2023, we made a cash payment of million to redeem an equivalent aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 5.375 Senior Secured Notes, and the trustee notified holders of our intent to redeem the remaining outstanding million aggregate principal amount of notes for an equivalent aggregate cash payment, expected to be made on February 24, 2023. In January 2023, in connection with the issuance of the 8.75 Senior Secured Notes, we made an aggregate payment of billion, including a make-whole premium, to redeem the remaining outstanding million, million, million, and million aggregate principal amount of the 5.875 Senior Secured Notes, the 7.75 Senior Secured Notes, the 6.25 Senior Secured Notes and the 6.125 Senior Secured Notes, respectively. million, million and million, respectively, related to our defined contribution plans, recorded in the same financial statement line item as cash compensation paid to the respective employees. Defined benefit pension and other postemployment benefit plans Overview As of December 31, 2022, we had defined benefit plans in the U.S., including funded and unfunded defined benefit plans (the U.S. Plans ), and in the U.K., we had funded defined benefit plan (the U.K. Plan ). During the year ended December 31, 2021, as required by local authorities, we terminated our remaining plans in Norway (together with the U.K. Plan, the Non-U.S. Plans ). We also maintain certain unfunded other postemployment benefit plans (collectively, the OPEB Plans ), under which benefits to eligible participants diminish during a phase-out period ending December 31, 2025. We maintain the benefit obligations under our plans until they are fully satisfied. Expected rate of return na na na 

 na means not applicable. 
 - 62 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 The components of net periodic benefit costs, recognized in other income and expense, were as follows (in millions): Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments ) ) Actuarial loss, net Prior service gain, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit costs (income) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Expected long-term rate of return na na 

 na means not applicable. The changes in funded status, balance sheet classifications and accumulated benefit obligations were as follows (in millions): Actuarial gains, net ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest cost Currency exchange rate changes ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of period Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets, beginning of period Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Currency exchange rate changes ) ) ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of period Funded status, end of period ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance sheet classification, end of period: Pension asset, non-current Pension liability, current ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension liability, non-current ) ) ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), before taxes ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation, end of period Certain amounts related to plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets were as follows (in millions): Fair value of plan assets Certain amounts related to plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets were as follows (in millions): Fair value of plan assets 
 - 63 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 ) Prior service cost, net ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), before taxes ) ) Plan assets The weighted-average target and actual allocations of assets for the funded defined benefit plans were as follows: Fixed income securities Other investments Total We periodically review our investment policies, plan assets and asset allocation strategies to evaluate performance relative to specified objectives. In determining our asset allocation strategies for the U.S. Plans, we review the results of regression models to assess the most appropriate target allocation for each plan, given the plan s status, demographics and duration. For the U.K. Plan, the plan trustees establish the asset allocation strategies consistent with the regulations of the U.K. pension regulators and in consultation with financial advisors and company representatives. Investment managers for the U.S. Plans and the U.K. Plan are given established ranges within which the investments may deviate from the target allocations. The investments for the funded defined benefit plans were categorized as follows (in millions): Non-U.S. equity funds Bond funds Total mutual funds Other investments Cash and money market funds Total investments December 31, 2021 Significant observable inputs Significant other observable inputs Total U.S. U.K. U.S. U.K. U.S. U.K. Plans Plan Total Plans Plan Total Plans Plan Total Mutual funds U.S. equity funds Non-U.S. equity funds Bond funds Total mutual funds Other investments Cash and money market funds Total investments We estimated the fair values of the plan assets by applying the market approach, as categorized above, using either (i) significant observable inputs, representative of Level 1 fair value measurements, including market prices of actively traded funds, or (ii) significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including market prices of the underlying securities in the collective trust funds. The U.S. Plans and the U.K. Plan invest in passively and actively managed funds that are referenced to or benchmarked against market indices. The plan investment managers have discretion to select the securities held within each asset category. Given this discretion, the managers may occasionally invest in our debt or equity securities and may hold either long or short positions in such securities. Since plan investment managers are required to maintain well diversified portfolios, the actual investment in our securities would be immaterial relative to asset categories and the overall plan assets. Funding contributions and benefit payments In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we made an aggregate contribution of million, million and million, respectively, to the defined benefit pension plans and the OPEB Plans using our cash 
 - 64 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million, including million and million to the defined benefit pension plans and the OPEB Plans, respectively. The projected benefits payments were as follows (in millions): 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 percent, ) percent and ) percent, respectively, based on loss before income tax expense. The relationship between our provision for or benefit from income taxes and our income or loss before income taxes can vary significantly from period to period considering, among other factors, (a) the overall level of income before income taxes, (b) changes in the blend of income that is taxed based on gross revenues rather than income before taxes, (c) rig movements between taxing jurisdictions and (d) our rig operating structures. The components of our income tax provision (benefit) were as follows (in millions): ) ) Deferred tax expense Income tax expense A reconciliation of the income tax benefit computed at the Swiss holding company federal statutory rate of and our reported consolidated income tax expense was as follows (in millions): ) ) Earnings subject to rates different than the Swiss federal statutory rate Swiss Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing ) Changes in valuation allowance ) Audit settlement Withholding taxes Deemed profits taxes Changes in unrecognized tax benefits, net ) ) Changes due to organizational restructuring ) Losses on impairment Base erosion and anti-abuse tax U.S. Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ) Other, net ) Income tax expense In January 2020, Switzerland made effective the Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing TRAF ). In March 2020, we entered into discussions with the Swiss tax authorities regarding the manner by which the TRAF applies to certain Swiss subsidiaries, which allows us to access historic depreciation and costs related to financing assets not previously deducted on Swiss tax returns, which can be apportioned to offset taxable income based on the remaining useful lives of the rigs and financing assets. In the three months ended December 31, 2021, we reached an agreement with the Swiss Tax authorities regarding the TRAF treatment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a deferred tax liability of million and million, respectively, and a deferred tax asset of billion and billion, respectively, offset with a valuation allowance of billion and billion, respectively. 
 - 65 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million related to the carryback of our net operating losses under this provision. Deferred taxes The significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions): Net operating loss carryforwards Interest expense limitation United Kingdom charter limitation Accrued expenses Tax credits Deferred income Accrued payroll costs not currently deductible Loss contingencies Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation ) ) Contract intangible amortization ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net ) ) As of December 31, 2022, we include taxes related to the earnings of all of our subsidiaries since we no longer consider the earnings of any of our subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our deferred tax assets included U.S. foreign tax credits of million and million, respectively, which will expire between 2024 and 2026. Deferred tax assets related to our net operating losses were generated in various worldwide tax jurisdictions. At December 31, 2022, our net deferred tax assets related to our net operating loss carryforwards included million, which do not expire, and million, which will expire between 2023 and 2038. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated cumulative loss incurred over the recent three-year period represented significant objective negative evidence for the evaluation of the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Because such evidence has limited our ability to consider other subjective evidence, we evaluate each jurisdiction separately. We consider objective evidence, such as contract backlog activity, in jurisdictions in which we have profitable contracts, and the ability to carryback losses or utilize losses against potential exposures. If estimated future taxable income changes during the carryforward periods or if the cumulative loss is no longer present, we may adjust the amount of deferred tax assets that we expect to realize. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to uncertainty of realization, we had a valuation allowance of billion and billion, respectively, on net operating losses and other deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of realization. Unrecognized tax benefits The changes to unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties that we recognize as a component of income tax expense, were as follows (in millions): Additions for current year tax positions Additions for prior year tax positions Reductions related to statute of limitation expirations and changes in law ) ) ) Reductions due to settlements ) ) Reductions for prior year tax positions ) ) Balance, end of period 
 - 66 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Interest and penalties Unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized, as a component of our income tax provision, expense of million, expense of million and benefit of million, respectively, related to interest and penalties associated with our unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we have unrecognized benefits of million, including interest and penalties, against which we have recorded net operating loss deferred tax assets of million, resulting in net unrecognized tax benefits of million, including interest and penalties, that upon reversal would favorably impact our effective tax rate. During the year ending December 31, 2023, it is reasonably possible that our existing liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease, primarily due to the progression of open audits and the expiration of statutes of limitation. However, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential changes in our existing liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits due to various uncertainties, such as the unresolved nature of various audits. Tax positions and returns We conduct operations through our various subsidiaries in countries throughout the world. Each country has its own tax regimes with varying nominal rates, deductions and tax attributes that are subject to changes resulting from new legislation, interpretation or guidance. From time to time, as a result of these changes, we may revise previously evaluated tax positions, which could cause us to adjust our recorded tax assets and liabilities. Tax authorities in certain jurisdictions are examining our tax returns and, in some cases, have issued assessments. We intend to defend our tax positions vigorously. Although we can provide no assurance as to the outcome of the aforementioned changes, examinations or assessments, we do not expect the ultimate liability to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of financial position or results of operations; however, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of cash flows. Brazil tax investigations In December 2005, the Brazilian tax authorities began issuing tax assessments with respect to our tax returns for the years 2000 through 2004. In May 2014, the Brazilian tax authorities issued an additional tax assessment for the years 2009 and 2010. We filed protests with the Brazilian tax authorities for the assessments and are engaged in the appeals process, and a portion of two cases were favorably closed. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining aggregate tax assessment, including interest and penalties, was for corporate income tax of BRL million, equivalent to approximately million, and indirect tax of BRL million, equivalent to million. We believe our returns are materially correct as filed, and we are vigorously contesting these assessments. An unfavorable outcome on these proposed assessments could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. ) ) Denominator for loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares for per share calculation Loss per share, basic and diluted ) ) ) We excluded from the computations certain shares issuable as follows because the effect would have been antidilutive (in millions): Share-based awards 
 - 67 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Letters of credit and surety bonds At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding letters of credit totaling million and million, respectively, issued under various committed and uncommitted credit lines provided by banks to guarantee various contract bidding, performance activities and customs obligations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we also had outstanding surety bonds totaling million and million, respectively, to secure customs obligations related to the importation of our rigs and certain performance and other obligations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate cash collateral held by institutions to secure our letters of credit and surety bonds was million and million, respectively. Legal proceedings Asbestos litigation In 2004, several of our subsidiaries were named, along with numerous other unaffiliated defendants, in complaints filed in the Circuit Courts of the State of Mississippi, and in 2014, a group of similar complaints were filed in Louisiana. The plaintiffs, former employees of some of the defendants, generally allege that the defendants used or manufactured asbestos containing drilling mud additives for use in connection with drilling operations, claiming negligence, products liability, strict liability and claims allowed under the Jones Act and general maritime law. The plaintiffs generally seek awards of unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, but the court appointed special master has ruled that a Jones Act employer defendant, such as us, cannot be sued for punitive damages. One of our subsidiaries was named in additional complaints filed in Illinois and Missouri, where the plaintiffs similarly allege that the defendants manufactured asbestos containing products or used asbestos-containing drilling mud additives in connection with land-based drilling operations. At December 31, 2022, plaintiffs have claims pending in Louisiana and plaintiffs in the aggregate have claims pending in either Illinois or Missouri, in which we have or may have an interest. We intend to defend these lawsuits vigorously, although we can provide no assurance as to the outcome. We historically have maintained broad liability insurance, although we can provide no assurance as to whether insurance will cover the liabilities, if any, arising out of these claims. Based on our evaluation of the exposure to date, we do not expect the liability, if any, resulting from these claims to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. One of our subsidiaries was named as a defendant, along with numerous other companies, in lawsuits arising out of the subsidiary s manufacture and sale of heat exchangers, and involvement in the construction and refurbishment of major industrial complexes alleging bodily injury or personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos. As of December 31, 2022, the subsidiary was a defendant in approximately lawsuits with a corresponding number of plaintiffs. For many of these lawsuits, we have not been provided sufficient information from the plaintiffs to determine whether all or some of the plaintiffs have claims against the subsidiary, the basis of any such claims, or the nature of their alleged injuries. The operating assets of the subsidiary were sold in 1989. In December 2021, the subsidiary and certain insurers agreed to a settlement of outstanding disputes that provide the subsidiary with cash. An earlier settlement, achieved in September 2018, provided the subsidiary with cash and an annuity that begins making payments in 2024. Together with a coverage-in-place agreement with certain insurers and additional coverage issued by other insurers, we believe the subsidiary has sufficient resources to respond to both the current lawsuits as well as future lawsuits of a similar nature. While we cannot predict or provide assurance as to the outcome of these matters, we do not expect the ultimate liability, if any, resulting from these claims to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Other matters We are involved in various regulatory matters and a number of claims and lawsuits, asserted and unasserted, all of which have arisen in the ordinary course of our business. We do not expect the liability, if any, resulting from these other matters to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of financial position, results of operations or cash flows. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any of the litigation matters specifically described above or of any such other pending, threatened, or possible litigation or liability. We can provide no assurance that our beliefs or expectations as to the outcome or effect of any tax, regulatory, lawsuit or other litigation matter will prove correct and the eventual outcome of these matters could materially differ from management s current estimates. 
 - 68 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 million, under the ATM Program. In August 2022, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with a sales agent for the offer and sale of our shares, with a maximum aggregate net offering price of up to million, under the ATM Program. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received aggregate cash proceeds of million and million, respectively, net of issue costs, for the aggregate sale of million shares and million shares, respectively, under the ATM Program. Warrants On September 30, 2022, in connection with the issuance and sale of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in the 2022 Private Exchange, we issued million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares. The warrants may be exercised by holders at any time prior to the close of business on March 13, 2026 at an exercise price equal to per share, subject to certain anti-dilutive adjustments, and at our election, such exercise may be settled by delivering cash, Transocean Ltd. shares or a combination of cash and shares. If at any time prior to expiration, the closing price of Transocean Ltd. shares equals or exceeds per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, for a period of five consecutive trading days, we will have the right to effect an exercise of all, but not less than all, of the warrants upon notice to holders. The initial carrying amount of the warrants, recorded in additional paid-in capital and measured at the estimated fair value on the date of issuance, was million, net of issue costs. We estimated the fair value of the warrants by employing a binomial lattice model and by using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the expected volatility of the market price for our shares. Shares held by subsidiaries of our subsidiaries holds our shares for future use to deliver shares in connection with sales under the ATM Program and in connection with awards granted under our incentive plans or other rights to acquire our shares. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our subsidiary held million and million shares, respectively. million shares authorized and million shares available to be granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to our unvested share-based awards was million, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. Service awards typically vest either in three equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary date of the grant or in an aggregate installment at the end of the stated vesting period. Service-based stock options, once fully vested, are typically exercisable during a period. Performance awards typically vest in one aggregate installment following the ultimate determination date. Performance awards are typically subject to a measurement period during which the number of shares to be issued remains uncertain until the end of the performance period, at which time the awarded number of shares to be issued is determined. 
 - 69 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the service-based units that vested had an aggregate grant-date fair value of million. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we granted and service-based units, respectively, with a per unit weighted-average grant-date fair value of and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had and service-based units, respectively, that vested with an aggregate grant-date fair value of million and million, respectively. Stock options The following table summarizes activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 for vested and unvested service-based stock options outstanding under our incentive plan: Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the stock options that vested had an aggregate grant-date fair value of million, million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, there were outstanding unvested stock options to purchase shares. Performance awards Restricted share units We grant performance awards in the form of restricted share units that can be earned depending on the achievement of market factors and performance targets. The number of shares ultimately earned per unit is quantified upon completion of the specified period at the ultimate determination date. The following table summarizes unvested activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 for performance-based units under our incentive plan: Granted Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 In the years ended December 31, 2022, the performance-based units that vested had an aggregate grant-date fair value of million, million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we granted and performance-based units, respectively, with a per unit weighted-average grant-date fair value of and , respectively. 
 - 70 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 Accrued interest Accrued taxes, other than income Finance lease liability Operating lease liabilities Deferred revenues Contingent liabilities Other Total other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities were comprised of the following (in millions): Finance lease liability Operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred revenues Other Total other long-term liabilities Cash payments for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities Capital additions, accrued at end of period (a) Capital additions financed under Shipyard Loans (b) Issuance of debt in exchange transactions (c) Issuance of warrants in exchange transactions (d) Settlement of finance lease payments (e) Equity component of exchangeable debt (f) 

 (a) Additions to property and equipment for which we had accrued a corresponding liability in accounts payable at the end of the period. See Note 6 Long-Lived Assets . (b) In the year ended December 31, 2022, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of million under the Shipyard Loans to satisfy a portion of the final milestone payments due upon delivery of Deepwater Atlas and Deepwater Titan and recorded the initial carrying amount, net of imputed interest, with a corresponding entry to construction in progress. See Note 6 Long-Lived Assets and Note 8 Debt . (c) In the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the 2022 Private Exchange, we issued million aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. In the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the 2021 Private Exchange, we issued million aggregate principal amount of the 4.00 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds. In the year ended December 31, 2020, in connection with the 2020 Private Exchange, we issued million and million aggregate principal amount of the 11.50 Senior Guaranteed Notes and the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds, respectively. See Note 8 Debt . (d) In the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the 2022 Private Exchange, we issued million warrants to purchase Transocean Ltd. shares with an estimated fair value of million. See Note 8 Debt and Note 13 Equity . (e) In the year ended December 31, 2022, we agreed to settle installments due to the lessor under our finance lease by issuing corresponding credits to our customer for amounts due to us under the drilling contract. See Note 7 Leases . (f) In connection with the issuance of the 2.50 Senior Guaranteed Exchangeable Bonds in the 2020 Private Exchange, we recorded the conversion feature, measured at its estimated fair value, to additional paid-in capital. See Note 8 Debt . 
 
 - 71 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued) Increase in other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and other current liabilities ) ) Increase (decrease) in other long-term liabilities ) ) Change in income taxes receivable / payable, net ) ) ) Change in receivables from / payables to affiliates, net ) ) ) ) Restricted cash and cash equivalents Long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates Total debt Cash and cash equivalents Our cash and cash equivalents are primarily invested in demand deposits, short-term time deposits and money market funds. The carrying amount of our cash and cash equivalents represents the historical cost, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value because of the short maturities of the instruments. Restricted cash and cash equivalents Our restricted cash and cash equivalents, which are subject to restrictions due to collateral requirements, legislation, regulation or court order, are primarily invested in demand deposits and money market funds. The carrying amount of our restricted cash and cash equivalents represents the historical cost, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value because of the short maturities of the instruments. Long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates The carrying amount of our long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates, recorded in other assets, represents the principal amount of the cash investment. We estimated the fair value of our long-term loans receivable from unconsolidated affiliates using significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads for the instruments. Total debt The carrying amount of our total debt represents the principal amount, contractual interest payments of previously restructured debt and unamortized discounts, premiums and issue costs. The carrying amount and fair value of our total debt includes amounts related to certain exchangeable debt instruments (see Note 8 Debt ). We estimated the fair value of our total debt using significant other observable inputs, representative of Level 2 fair value measurements, including the terms and credit spreads for the instruments and, with respect to the exchangeable debt instruments, the expected volatility of the market price for our shares. 
 - 72 - 

Table of Contents TRANSOCEAN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS continued 
 individuals, including approximately contractors. Approximately percent of our total workforce, working primarily in Norway, Brazil and the U.K., are represented by, and some of our contracted labor work is subject to, collective bargaining agreements, substantially all of which are subject to annual salary negotiation. Negotiations over annual salary or other labor matters could result in higher personnel or other costs or increased operational restrictions or disruptions. The outcome of any such negotiation generally affects the market for all offshore employees, not only union members. A failure to reach an agreement on certain key issues could result in strikes, lockouts or other work stoppages. 
 - 73 - 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure We have not had a change in or disagreement with our accountants within 24 months prior to the date of our most recent financial statements or in any period subsequent to such date. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (1) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is our principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, who is our principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting There has been no change to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. See Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , included in Item 8 of this annual report. Other matters In July 2022, we deployed a new global Enterprise Resource Planning ERP and Enterprise Performance Management EPM system, designed to optimize and standardize processes in treasury, accounting, financial planning, supply chain management, asset management and information technology. Although we are updating our internal controls that have been affected by the ERP and EPM deployment, we do not believe it has had an adverse effect on our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 - 74 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11. Executive Compensation Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Certain information with respect to our executive officers is set forth at the end of Part I of this annual report under the caption Information About our Executive Officers . 
 - 75 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Index to Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits (1) Index to Financial Statements 

Included in Part II of this report: Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 40 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 000 41 Consolidated Statements of Operations 44 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 45 Consolidated Balance Sheets 46 Consolidated Statements of Equity 47 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 49 Financial statements of unconsolidated subsidiaries are not presented herein because such subsidiaries do not meet the significance test. (2) Financial Statement Schedules (a) Allowance for excess materials and supplies (b) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for credit losses Allowance for excess materials and supplies (b) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets (c) Year ended December 31, 2022 Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for credit losses Allowance for excess materials and supplies Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets (c) 

 (a) Amount related to an adjustment to the allowance for credit losses with a corresponding entry to accumulated deficit associated with our adoption of the accounting standards update that requires an entity to estimate an expected lifetime credit loss on financial assets ranging from short-term trade accounts receivable to long-term financings without retrospective application. (b) Amount related to materials and supplies on rigs and related assets sold or classified as held for sale. (c) Amount related to adjustments to other deferred tax assets with valuation allowances. 
 
 - 76 - 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Exhibits The following exhibits are filed or furnished herewith, as indicated, or incorporated by reference to the location indicated: 

Number Description Location 3.1 Articles of Association of Transocean Ltd. Exhibit 3.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on September 13, 2022 3.2 Organizational Regulations of Transocean Ltd., amended, effective as of April 7, 2021 Exhibit 3.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on April 7, 2021 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed herewith 4.2 Indenture dated as of February 26, 2021 by and among Transocean Inc., the guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on February 26, 2021 4.3 Credit Agreement dated June 22, 2018, among Transocean Inc., the lenders parties thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent. Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on June 27, 2018 4.4 Increase of Commitments and First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated May 13, 2019, among Transocean Inc., the lenders and issuing banks parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Transocean Ltd. and certain of its subsidiaries Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on May 13, 2019 4.5 Increase of Commitments, Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Guaranties, dated July 15, 2019, among Transocean Inc., the lenders and issuing banks parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Transocean Ltd. and certain of its subsidiaries Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on July 15, 2019 4.6 Curative Agreement, dated September 24, 2019, between Transocean Inc. and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders under the Credit Agreement dated June 22, 2018, as amended Exhibit 10.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended September 30, 2019 4.7 Increase of Commitments and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 23, 2019, among Transocean Inc., the lenders and issuing banks parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Transocean Ltd. and certain of its subsidiaries Exhibit 4.6 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on February 18, 2020 4.8 Indenture, dated July 13, 2018, by and among Transocean Guardian Limited, the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on July 17, 2018 4.9 Indenture, dated July 20, 2018, by and among Transocean Pontus Limited, the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on July 24, 2018 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 15, 2019, by and among Transocean Pontus Limited, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, and the Note Parties, supplementing the Indenture dated as of July 20, 2018 Exhibit 4.4 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 4.11 Indenture dated as of April 15, 1997 between Transocean Offshore Inc. and Texas Commerce Bank National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Offshore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-07746) filed on April 30, 1997 4.12 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 15, 1997 between Transocean Offshore Inc. and Texas Commerce Bank National Association, as trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated as of April 15, 1997 Exhibit 4.2 to Transocean Offshore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-07746) filed on April 30, 1997 4.13 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 14, 1999 between Transocean Offshore (Texas) Inc., Transocean Offshore Inc. and Chase Bank of Texas, National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.5 to Transocean Offshore Inc. s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-59001-99) filed on June 29, 1999 4.14 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2008, among Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee Exhibit 4.4 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8 - K (Commission File No. 333 - 75899) filed on December 19, 2008 

 - 77 - 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Location 4.15 Form of 7.45 Notes due April 15, 2027 Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Offshore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-07746) filed on April 30, 1997 4.16 Form of 8.00 Debentures due April 15, 2027 Exhibit 4.4 to Transocean Offshore Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-07746) filed on April 30, 1997 4.17 Officers Certificate establishing the terms of the 7.50 Notes due April 15, 2031 Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Sedco Forex Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on April 9, 2001 4.18 Officers Certificate establishing the terms of the 7.375 Notes due April 15, 2018 Exhibit 4.14 to Transocean Sedco Forex Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 4.19 Indenture dated as of September 1, 1997, between Global Marine Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Debt Securities of Global Marine Inc. Exhibit 4.1 of Global Marine Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (No. 333-39033) filed on October 30, 1997 4.20 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2000, between Global Marine Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Debt Securities of Global Marine Inc. Exhibit 4.2 of Global Marine Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-05471) for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 4.21 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 20, 2001, between Global Marine Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Debt Securities of Global Marine Inc. Exhibit 4.2 to GlobalSantaFe Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-14634) for the year ended December 31, 2004 4.22 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 29, 2019, among Global Marine Inc, Transocean Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, relating to Debt Securities of Global Marine Inc. Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on July 29, 2019 4.23 Form of 7 Note Due 2028 Exhibit 4.2 of Global Marine Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-05471) filed on May 22, 1998 4.24 Terms of 7 Notes Due 2028 Exhibit 4.1 of Global Marine Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-05471) filed on May 22, 1998 4.25 Indenture, dated as of December 11, 2007, between Transocean Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.36 to Transocean Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) for the year ended December 31, 2007 4.26 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 11, 2007, between Transocean Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.37 to Transocean Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) for the year ended December 31, 2007 4.27 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2008, among Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on December 19, 2008 4.28 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2010, among Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended September 30, 2010 4.29 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2011, among Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on December 5, 2011 4.30 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13, 2012, among Transocean Inc., Transocean Ltd. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on September 13, 2012 4.31 Indenture, dated as of July 21, 2016, by and among Transocean Inc., the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on July 22, 2016 4.32 Indenture, dated as of October 19, 2016, by and among Transocean Phoenix 2 Limited, Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc., Triton Capital II GmbH and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on October 20, 2016 4.33 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 15, 2019, by and among Transocean Phoenix 2 Limited, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, and the Note Parties supplementing the Indenture dated as of October 19, 2016 Exhibit 4.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 

 - 78 - 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Location 4.34 Indenture, dated December 8, 2016, by and among Transocean Proteus Limited, the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on December 8, 2016 4.35 First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 15, 2019, by and among Transocean Proteus Limited, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, and the Note Parties, supplementing the Indenture dated as of December 8, 2016 Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 4.36 Indenture dated as of October 17, 2017, by and among Transocean Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on October 17, 2017 4.37 Indenture, dated January 30, 2018, among Transocean Inc., Transocean Ltd., as guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company N.A. and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as co-trustees Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on January 30, 2018 4.38 Form of 0.50 Exchangeable Senior Bonds due 2023 Exhibit A of Exhibit 4.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on January 30, 2018 4.39 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2018, among Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc., and the security holders named therein Exhibit 4.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on January 30, 2018 4.40 Indenture, dated October 25, 2018, among Transocean Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee Exhibit 4.32 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on February 19, 2019 4.41 Indenture, dated February 1, 2019, by and among Transocean Poseidon Limited, the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on February 1, 2019 4.42 Indenture, dated May 24, 2019, by and among Transocean Sentry Limited, the Guarantors and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on May 29, 2019 4.43 Indenture, dated January 17, 2020, by and among Transocean Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on January 17, 2020 4.44 Indenture, dated as of August 14, 2020, by and among Transocean Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on August 14, 2020 4.45 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2020, by and among Transocean Ltd., Transocean Inc. and Perestroika (Cyprus) Ltd. Exhibit 4.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on August 14, 2020 4.46 Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2020, by and among Transocean Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on September 11, 2020 4.47 Supplemental Indenture, dated November 30, 2020, by and among Transocean Inc., Transocean Ltd., certain of Transocean Inc. s subsidiaries, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2020. Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on December 1, 2020 4.48 Supplemental Indenture, dated November 30, 2020, by and among Transocean Inc., Transocean Ltd., certain of Transocean Inc. s subsidiaries, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, supplementing the Indenture dated as of August 14, 2020. Exhibit 4.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on December 1, 2020 4.49 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 30, 2020, among Transocean Inc., the lenders and issuing banks parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and for the limited purposes set forth therein, certain of Transocean Inc. s subsidiaries. Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on December 1, 2020. 4.50 Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among Transocean Inc., the Guarantors and Truist Bank, as trustee Exhibit 4.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on September 30, 2022 4.51 Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among Transocean Inc., Transocean Ltd. and Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent Exhibit 4.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-3873) filed on September 30, 2022 

 - 79 - 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Location 4.52 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated July 27, 2022, among Transocean Inc., the lenders and issuing banks parties thereto, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, and for the limited purposes set forth therein, Transocean Ltd. and certain of Transocean Inc. s subsidiaries Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on August 1, 2022 10.1 Amended and Restated 2015 Transocean Ltd. Long-Term Incentive Plan Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on June 1, 2021 10.2 Shipyard Credit Agreement for Deepwater Atlas , dated as of June 5, 2021, by and between Jurong Shipyard Pte. Ltd. and Transocean Offshore Deepwater Holdings Limited Exhibit 10.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 3, 2021 10.3 Shipyard Credit Agreement for Deepwater Titan , dated as of June 5, 2021, by and between Jurong Shipyard Pte. Ltd. and Transocean Offshore Deepwater Holdings Limited Exhibit 10.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed on August 3, 2021 10.4 Long-Term Incentive Plan of Transocean Ltd. (as amended and restated as of February 12, 2009) Exhibit 10.5 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.5 First Amendment to Long-Term Incentive Plan of Transocean Ltd. (as amended and restated as of February 12, 2009) Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on May 22, 2013 10.6 Deferred Compensation Plan of Transocean Offshore Inc., as amended and restated effective January 1, 2000 Exhibit 10.10 to Transocean Sedco Forex Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) for the year ended December 31, 1999 10.7 GlobalSantaFe Corporation Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2001 and Amendment to GlobalSantaFe Corporation Key Employee Deferred Compensation Plan effective November 20, 2001 Exhibit 10.33 to the GlobalSantaFe Corporation Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-14634) for the year ended December 31, 2004 10.8 Amendment to Transocean Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on December 29, 2005 10.9 Form of 2004 Performance-Based Nonqualified Share Option Award Letter Exhibit 10.2 to Transocean Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on February 15, 2005 10.10 Form of 2004 Director Deferred Unit Award Exhibit 10.4 to Transocean Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on February 15, 2005 10.11 Form of 2008 Director Deferred Unit Award Exhibit 10.20 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.12 Form of 2009 Director Deferred Unit Award Exhibit 10.19 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2009 10.13 Terms and Conditions of 2013 Director Deferred Unit Award Exhibit 10.14 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2015 10.14 Terms and Conditions of 2014 Director Deferred Unit Award Exhibit 10.15 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2015 10.15 Terms and Conditions of 2015 Director Restricted Share Unit Award Exhibit 10.16 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2015 10.16 Terms and Conditions of 2014 Executive Equity Award Exhibit 10.19 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2015 10.17 Terms and Conditions of 2015 Executive Equity Award Exhibit 10.20 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2015 

 - 80 - 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Location 10.18 Terms and Conditions of the July 2008 Nonqualified Share Option Award Exhibit 10.2 to Transocean I nc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 333-75899) for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 10.19 Terms and Conditions of the February 2009 Nonqualified Share Option Award Exhibit 10.30 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.20 Terms and Conditions of the February 2012 Long Term Incentive Plan Award Exhibit 10.28 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2011 10.21 Transocean Ltd. Incentive Recoupment Policy Exhibit 10.30 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2012 10.22 Form of Novation Agreement dated as of November 27, 2007 by and among GlobalSantaFe Corporation, Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc. and certain executives Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on December 3, 2007 10.23 Global Marine Inc. 1990 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan Exhibit 10.18 of Global Marine Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-05471) for the year ended December 31, 1991 10.24 First Amendment to Global Marine Inc. 1990 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan Exhibit 10.1 of Global Marine Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-05471) for the quarter ended June 30, 1995 10.25 Second Amendment to Global Marine Inc. 1990 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan Exhibit 10.37 of Global Marine Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-05471) for the year ended December 31, 1996 10.26 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan GlobalSantaFe Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-7070) filed June 13, 1997 10.27 Amendment to 1997 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Exhibit 10.25 of GlobalSantaFe Corporation s Annual Report on Form 20-F (Commission File No. 001-14634) for the year ended December 31, 1998 10.28 Amendment to 1997 Long Term Incentive Plan, dated December 1, 1999 Exhibit 10.33 of GlobalSantaFe Corporation s Annual Report on Form 20-F (Commission File No. 001-14634) for the year ended December 31, 1999 10.29 GlobalSantaFe Corporation 1998 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Exhibit 10.1 of Global Marine Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-05471) for the quarter ended March 31, 1998 10.30 First Amendment to GlobalSantaFe Corporation 1998 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Exhibit 10.2 of Global Marine Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-05471) for the quarter ended June 30, 2000 10.31 GlobalSantaFe Corporation 2001 Non-Employee Director Stock Option and Incentive Plan Exhibit 4.8 of GlobalSantaFe Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-73878) filed on November 21, 2001 10.32 GlobalSantaFe Corporation 2001 Long-Term Incentive Plan Exhibit A to GlobalSantaFe Corporation s definitive proxy statement (Commission File No. 001 - 1 4634) filed on March 21, 2001 10.33 GlobalSantaFe 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective June 7, 2005) Exhibit 10.4 to GlobalSantaFe Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-14634) for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 10.34 Transocean Ltd. Pension Equalization Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2009 Exhibit 10.41 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.35 Transocean U.S. Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of November 27, 2007 Exhibit 10.11 to Transocean Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on December 3, 2007 10.36 GlobalSantaFe Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Exhibit 10.1 to the GlobalSantaFe Corporation Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-14634) for the quarter ended September 30, 2002 

 - 81 - 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Location 10.37 Transocean U.S. Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2009 Exhibit 10.44 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the year ended December 31, 2008 10.38 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Transocean Ltd. and each of its Directors and Executive Officers Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 333-75899) filed on October 10, 2008 10.39 Form of Assignment Memorandum for Executive Officers Exhibit 10.6 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on December 19, 2008 10.40 Drilling Contract between Vastar Resources, Inc. and R B Falcon Drilling Co. dated December 9, 1998 with respect to Deepwater Horizon , as amended Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 10.41 Executive Severance Benefit Policy Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 000-53533) filed on February 23, 2012 10.42 Term Sheet Agreement for a Transocean and PSC/DHEPDS Settlement, dated May 20, 2015, among Triton Asset Leasing GmbH, Transocean Deepwater Inc., Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc., Transocean Holdings LLC, the Plaintiffs Steering Committee in MDL 2179, and the Deepwater Horizon Economic and Property Damages Settlement Class Exhibit 10.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 10.43 Confidential Settlement Agreement, Mutual Releases and Agreement to Indemnify, dated May 20, 2015, among Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc., Transocean Deepwater Inc., Transocean Holdings LLC, Triton Asset Leasing GmbH, BP Exploration and Production Inc. and BP America Production Co. Exhibit 10.6 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 10.44 Transocean Punitive Damages and Assigned Claims Settlement Agreement, dated May 29, 2015, among Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc., Transocean Deepwater Inc., Transocean Holdings LLC, Triton Asset Leasing GmbH, the Plaintiffs Steering Committee in MDL 2179, and the Deepwater Horizon Economic and Property Damages Settlement Class Exhibit 10.7 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 10.45 Employment Agreement with Jeremy D. Thigpen effective September 1, 2016 Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 10.46 Employment Agreement with Mark L. Mey effective September 1, 2016 Exhibit 10.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 000-53533) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 10.47 Amended and Restated Performance Award and Cash Bonus Plan of Transocean Ltd. Exhibit 10.48 to Transocean Ltd. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the year ended December 31, 2020 10.48 Terms and Conditions of 2020 Executive Equity Awards Exhibit 10.2 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.49 Terms and Conditions of 2020 Director Restricted Share Unit Award Exhibit 10.3 to Transocean Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-38373) for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.50 Terms and Conditions of 2023 Executive Equity Awards Filed herewith 10.51 Employment Agreement with Keelan Adamson effective February 16, 2022 Exhibit 10.1 to Transocean Ltd. s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on February 17, 2022 21 Subsidiaries of Transocean Ltd. Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP Filed herewith 24 Powers of Attorney Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith 

 - 82 - 

Table of Contents 

Number Description Location 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Furnished herewith 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language: (i) our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020; (ii) our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019; (iii) our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019; (iv) our consolidated statements of equity for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019; (v) our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019; and (vi) the notes to consolidated financial statements Filed herewith 104 The cover page from our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language Filed herewith 

Compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Exhibits listed above as previously having been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are incorporated herein by reference pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and made a part hereof with the same effect as if filed herewith. Certain instruments relating to our long-term debt and our subsidiaries have not been filed as exhibits since the total amount of securities authorized under any such instrument does not exceed 10 percent of our total assets and our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. We agree to furnish a copy of each such instrument to the SEC upon request. Certain agreements filed as exhibits to this Report may contain representations and warranties by the parties to such agreements. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and (1) may be intended not as statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate, (2) may have been qualified by certain disclosures that were made to other parties in connection with the negotiation of such agreements, which disclosures are not reflected in such agreements, and (3) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to investors. 
 - 83 - 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, on February 22, 2023. 

TRANSOCEAN LTD. By: /s/ Mark L. Mey Mark L. Mey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ David Tonnel David Tonnel Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 - 84 - 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2023. 

Signature Title 

Chairman of the Board of Directors Chadwick C. Deaton 

/s/ Jeremy D. Thigpen Chief Executive Officer Jeremy D. Thigpen (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mark L. Mey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark L. Mey (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ David Tonnel Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer David Tonnel (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Director Glyn A. Barker 

Director 

Vanessa C.L. Chang 

Director Frederico F. Curado 

Director Vincent J. Intrieri 

Director Samuel J. Merksamer 

Director Frederik W. Mohn 

Director Edward R. Muller 

Director Margareth vrum 

Director Diane de Saint Victor 

By: /s/ David Tonnel (Attorney - in - Fact) 
 - 85 - 

Table of Contents 
 
 - 86 - 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 rig-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF TRANSOCEAN LTD. S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 As of December 31, 2022, Transocean Ltd. had two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: registered shares, par value CHF 0.10 per share shares and exchangeable bonds due 2023 Exchangeable Bonds ). Description of the Shares The following description of Transocean Ltd. s shares is a summary and is subject to the complete text of our Articles of Association, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-38373) filed on September 13, 2022. We encourage you to read the Articles of Association carefully. In this description, references to Transocean, we, our, and us mean Transocean Ltd. Description of Share Capital Issued Share Capital. As of February 14, 2023, the share capital of Transocean registered shares in the commercial register, which reflects Transocean s total issued share capital, excluding shares issued out of Transocean s conditional share capital not yet registered with the commercial register, was CHF 79,724,407.20, divided into 797,244,072 registered Transocean shares, par value 0.10 Swiss francs per share. The total issued share capital of Transocean, including Transocean shares issued out of Transocean s conditional share capital not yet registered with the commercial register, was 79,724,533.50 Swiss francs, divided into 797,245,335 registered Transocean shares, par value 0.10 Swiss francs per share. The issued Transocean shares are fully paid, non-assessable, and rank pari passu with each other and all other Transocean shares. General Authorized Share Capital. Our board of directors is authorized to issue new shares at any time until May 12, 2024, and thereby increase the stated share capital by a maximum amount of 10,784,875.60 Swiss francs by issuing a maximum of 107,848,756 shares. Our general authorized share capital expires on May 12, 2024. Our board of directors determines the time of the issuance, the issuance price, the manner in which the new Transocean shares have to be paid in, the date from which the new Transocean shares carry the right to dividends and, subject to the provisions of our Articles of Association, the conditions for the exercise of the preemptive rights with respect to the issuance and the allotment of preemptive rights that are not exercised. The board of directors may allow preemptive rights that are not exercised to expire, or it may place such rights or Transocean shares, the preemptive rights in respect of which have not been exercised, at market conditions or use them otherwise in our interest. For further information on preemptive rights with respect to our authorized share capital, see Preemptive Rights and Advance Subscription Rights below. An increase of the share capital (i) by means of an offering underwritten by a financial institution, a syndicate of financial institutions or another third party or third parties, followed by an offer to the then-existing shareholders of Transocean, and (ii) in partial amounts is permissible. The shares will be subject to the limitations for registration in the share register pursuant to Articles 7 and 9 of Transocean s Articles of Association. Conditional Share Capital. Article 6 of Transocean s Articles of Association has not yet been updated to reflect the issuance of 1,263 shares following the exercise of certain of our Exchangeable Bonds. Accordingly, the remaining authority to issue shares out of conditional share capital is limited to a maximum of 142,362,093 shares; these shares may be issued through: the exercise of conversion, exchange, option, warrant or similar rights for the subscription of shares granted to third parties or shareholders in connection with bonds, options, warrants or other securities newly or 
 1 

already issued in national or international capital markets or new or already existing contractual obligations by or of us or any of our group companies or any of our respective predecessors; or in connection with the issuance of shares, options or other share-based awards to members of the board of directors, members of our executive management, employees, contractors, consultants or other persons providing services to us or our subsidiaries. 
 For information on preemptive rights with respect to our conditional share capital, see Preemptive Rights and Advance Subscription Rights below. Other Classes or Series of Transocean Shares / Non-voting stock (Genussscheine / Partizipationsscheine). The board of directors may not create Transocean shares with increased voting powers without the affirmative resolution adopted by shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the voting rights and an absolute majority of the par value of the Transocean shares, each as represented (in person or by proxy) at a general meeting of the shareholders. Our board of directors may create preferred stock with the vote of a majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of our shareholders (not counting broker non-votes, abstentions and blank or invalid ballots). Transocean has not issued any non-voting stock to date Partizipationsscheine, Genussscheine ). Preemptive Rights and Advance Subscription Rights Under the Swiss Code of Obligations (the Swiss Code ), the prior approval of a general meeting of shareholders is generally required to authorize, for later issuance, the issuance of Transocean shares, or rights to subscribe for, or convert into, Transocean shares (which rights may be connected to debt instruments or other obligations). In addition, the existing shareholders will have preemptive rights in relation to such Transocean shares or rights in proportion to the respective par values of their holdings. The shareholders may, with the affirmative vote of shareholders holding two-thirds of the voting rights and a majority of the par value of the Transocean shares represented at the general meeting, withdraw or limit the preemptive rights for valid reasons (such as a merger, an acquisition or any of the reasons authorizing the board of directors to withdraw or limit the preemptive rights of shareholders in the context of an authorized capital increase as described below). If the general meeting of shareholders has approved the creation of authorized or conditional capital, it may delegate the decision whether to withdraw or limit the preemptive and advance subscription rights for valid reasons to the board of directors. However, the valid reasons justifying the exclusion of the preemptive right must be stated in the articles of association. Our Articles of Association provide for this delegation and state the valid reasons with respect to our authorized and conditional share capital in the circumstances described below under General Authorized Share Capital and Conditional Share Capital. General Authorized Share Capital . At any time until May 12, 2024, and pursuant to Article 5 of Transocean s Articles of Association, the board of directors is authorized to withdraw or limit the preemptive rights of the shareholders with respect to a maximum of 107,848,756 shares and to allot them to individual shareholders or third parties with respect to the issuance of shares from authorized capital if: 
 the issue price of the new shares is determined by reference to the market price; 

the shares are issued in connection with the acquisition of an enterprise or participations or any part of an enterprise or participations, the financing or refinancing of any such transactions or the financing of our new investment plans; 

the shares are issued in connection with the intended broadening of the shareholder constituency of Transocean in certain financial or investor markets, for the purposes of the participation of strategic partners, or in connection with the listing of the shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges; 

2 

in connection with a placement or sale of shares, the grant of an over-allotment option of up to 20 of the total number of shares in a placement or sale of shares to the initial purchasers or underwriters; or 

for the participation of directors, members of our executive management team, employees, contractors, consultants and other persons performing services for our benefit or the benefit of any of our subsidiaries. 

Conditional Share Capital . In connection with the issuance of bonds, notes, warrants or other financial instruments or contractual obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our shares, the preemptive rights of shareholders are excluded and the board of directors is authorized to withdraw or limit the advance subscription rights of shareholders in connection with the issuance of bonds, notes, warrants or other securities or contractual obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our shares if the issuance is for purposes of financing or refinancing the acquisition of an enterprise or business, parts of an enterprise, participations or investments, or if the issuance occurs in national or international capital markets or through a private placement. If the advance subscription rights are withdrawn or limited: 
 the respective financial instruments or contractual obligations will be issued or entered into at market conditions; 

the conversion, exchange or exercise price, if any, for instruments or obligations will be set with reference to the market conditions prevailing at the date on which the instruments or obligations are issued or entered into; and 

the instruments or obligations may be converted, exercised or exchanged during a maximum period of 30 years. 

The preemptive rights and the advance subscription rights of shareholders are excluded with respect to shares, bonds, notes, warrants or other securities or contractual obligations issued from our conditional share capital to directors, members of executive management, employees, contractors, consultants or other persons providing services to us or any of our subsidiaries. Dividends and Other Distributions Under the Swiss Code, dividends may be paid out only if we have sufficient distributable profits from the previous fiscal year, or if we have freely distributable reserves (including statutory capital contribution reserves, which are also referred to as additional paid-in capital), each as will be presented on our audited annual standalone statutory balance sheet or an audited interim standalone statutory balance sheet. The affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of shareholders (not counting abstentions and blank or invalid ballots) must approve the distribution of dividends. The board of directors may propose to shareholders that a dividend or other distribution be paid but cannot itself authorize the distribution. Payments out of our share capital (in other words, the aggregate par value of our registered share capital) in the form of dividends are not allowed; however, payments out of registered share capital may be made by way of a par value reduction. Such a par value reduction requires the approval of shareholders holding a majority of the votes cast at the general meeting of shareholders (not counting abstentions and blank or invalid ballots). A special audit report must confirm that claims of our creditors remain fully covered despite the reduction in the share capital recorded in the commercial register. A licensed audit expert must prepare the audit report and be present at the general meeting of shareholders that adopts the resolution. The board of directors must further give public notice of the par value reduction resolution in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce and notify creditors that they may request, within one month of the public notice, satisfaction of or security for their claims. The notification may be given before or after the general meeting of shareholders resolving on the par value reduction. 
 3 

Under the Swiss Code, if our general reserves amount to less than 20 of our share capital recorded in the commercial register (i.e., 20 of the aggregate par value of our registered capital), then at least 5 of our annual profit must be allocated to the statutory profit reserve. The Swiss Code and our Articles of Association permit us to accrue additional general reserves. In addition, if we acquire our own shares, we are required to account for these shares, if acquired by our parent company Transocean Ltd., as a negative item in our shareholders equity or, if these shares are acquired by one of our subsidiaries, to create a special reserve, in each case on our audited annual or interim standalone statutory balance sheet in the amount of the purchase price of the shares repurchased by our parent or our subsidiary. The negative item in our shareholders equity or the reserve amount would effectively reduce our capacity to declare dividends or effect subsequent repurchases of our shares. Swiss companies generally must maintain a separate company, stand-alone statutory balance sheet for the purpose of, among other things, determining the amounts available for the return of capital to shareholders, including by way of a distribution of dividends. Our auditor must confirm that a proposal made by the board of directors to shareholders regarding the appropriation of our available earnings or the distribution of freely distributable reserves conforms to the requirements of the Swiss Code and our Articles of Association. Dividends are usually due and payable shortly after the shareholders have passed a resolution approving the payment, but shareholders may also resolve at the annual or extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to pay dividends in quarterly or other installments. Our Articles of Association provide that dividends that have not been claimed within five years after the payment date become our property and are allocated to the general reserves. Dividends paid out of distributable profits or distributable general reserves are subject to Swiss withholding tax, all or part of which can potentially be reclaimed under the relevant tax rules in Switzerland or double taxation treaties concluded between Switzerland and foreign countries. Distributions to shareholders in the form of a par value reduction and distributions out of capital contribution reserves are not subject to the Swiss federal withholding tax. Dividends, if declared by us, are expected to be declared, subject to applicable limitations under Swiss law, in U.S. dollars, or in Swiss francs, and shareholders may be given the right to elect to be paid any such dividends in U.S. dollars or Swiss francs. Distribution through a reduction in the par value of the shares must be declared in Swiss francs; however, shareholders may be provided with the option to elect to be paid in U.S. dollars or Swiss francs. Repurchases of Shares The Swiss Code limits our ability to hold or repurchase our own shares. We and our subsidiaries may only repurchase shares if and to the extent that sufficient freely distributable equity capital is available, as described above under Dividends and Other Distributions. The aggregate par value of all of our shares held by us and our subsidiaries may not exceed 10 of the registered share capital. However, we may repurchase our own shares beyond the statutory limit of 10 if the shareholders have authorized the board of directors at a general meeting of shareholders to repurchase shares in an amount greater than 10 and the repurchased shares are dedicated for cancellation. Any shares repurchased pursuant to such an authorization will then be cancelled based on a resolution of shareholders adopted at a general meeting of shareholders following the approval of shareholders holding a majority of the votes cast at the general meeting. Repurchased shares held by us or our subsidiaries do not carry any rights to vote at a general meeting of shareholders but are, unless otherwise resolved by our shareholders at a general meeting, entitled to the economic benefits generally associated with the shares. General Meetings of Shareholders The general meeting of shareholders is our supreme corporate body. Ordinary and extraordinary shareholders meetings may be held. Among other things, the following powers will be vested exclusively in the shareholders meeting: 
 adoption and amendment of our Articles of Association; 

the annual election of the chairman of the board of directors, the members of the board of directors, the members of the compensation committee of the board of directors, the auditor and the independent proxy; 

4 

approval of the annual management report, the stand-alone statutory financial statements and the consolidated financial statements; 

appropriation of the annual profit shown on our annual stand-alone statutory balance sheet, in particular the distribution of any dividends; 

the determination of interim dividends and the approval of interim statutory financial statements required for such purposes; 

the resolution regarding the repayment of the statutory capital reserves; 

the combination of shares reverse stock split 

discharge of the members of the board of directors and the executive management team from liability for business conduct during the previous fiscal year(s) to the extent such conduct is known to the shareholders; 

ratification of the maximum aggregate amounts of compensation of the board of directors and the executive management team; 

subject to certain exceptions, the approval of a business combination with an interested shareholder (as such terms are defined in our Articles of Association); 

delisting of shares from a stock exchange; 

the approval of the report on non-financial matters pursuant to article 964c of the Swiss Code; and 
 
 any other resolutions that are submitted to a general meeting of shareholders pursuant to law, our Articles of Association or by voluntary submission by the board of directors (unless a matter is within the exclusive competence of the board of directors pursuant to the Swiss Code). 

Notice and Proxy Statements Under the Swiss Code and our Articles of Association, we must hold an annual, ordinary general meeting of shareholders within six months after the end of our fiscal year for the purpose, among other things, of approving the annual financial statements and the annual management report, the annual election of our chair of the board of directors, the members of the board of directors, the members of the compensation committee of our board of directors, our auditor and our independent proxy, and the ratification of the maximum aggregate amount of compensation of the board of directors and the executive management team. The invitation to general meetings must be published in the Swiss Official Gazette of Commerce at least 20 calendar days prior to the date of the relevant general meeting of shareholders. The notice of a meeting must state the items on the agenda and the proposals of the board of directors and of the shareholders who requested that a shareholders meeting be held or that an item be included on the agenda and, in case of elections, the names of the nominated candidates. The notice must also include a short explanation of the items and proposals on the agenda of the general meeting. No resolutions may be passed at a shareholders meeting concerning agenda items for which proper notice was not given. This does not apply, however, to proposals made during a shareholders meeting to convene an extraordinary shareholders meeting, to initiate a special investigation or to elect the statutory auditor. No previous notification will be required for proposals concerning items included on the agenda or for debates as to which no vote is taken. Annual general meetings of shareholders are convened by the board of directors or, under certain circumstances required by law, the auditor. Except as otherwise authorized in our Articles of Association, a general meeting of shareholders can be held anywhere in Switzerland. General meetings that are held virtually only require a special 
 5 

authorization in a company s articles of association. Our current Articles of Association do not include such an authorization. We expect to set the record date for each general meeting of shareholders on a date not more than 20 calendar days prior to the date of each general meeting and announce the date of the general meeting of shareholders prior to the record date. Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders An extraordinary general meeting may be called upon the resolution of the board of directors or, under certain circumstances required by law, the auditor. In addition, the board of directors is required to convene an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders if so resolved by the general meeting of shareholders, or, according to our current Articles of Association, if so requested by one or more shareholders holding an aggregate of at least 10 of the share capital recorded in the commercial register or according to the views expressed in legal writing, which is persuasive authority in Switzerland, holding shares with an aggregate par value of CHF 1 million, specifying the items for the agenda and their proposals. Under the new corporate law as reflected in the Swiss Code, effective as of January 1, 2023, the threshold applicable to the shareholders right to request that a general meeting be convened will be reduced from 10 (as in our current Articles of Association) to 5 of the share capital or votes by December 31, 2024, unless our Articles of Association are amended to reflect such reduction before then. Upon such a shareholder request, the board of directors must make the publication necessary to convene a general meeting within 60 calendar days. In addition, if it appears from the annual stand-alone statutory balance sheet that half of the sum of our share capital, the non-distributable statutory capital reserves and the statutory profit reserves are not covered by our assets, the board of directors is required to take measures to remedy the capital loss situation and , where necessary, request the general meeting to approve such measures as are within its authority. Agenda Requests Under our Articles of Association, any shareholder may request that an item be included on the agenda of a general meeting of shareholders. Such shareholder may also nominate one or more directors for election. A request for inclusion of an item on the agenda or a nominee must be made in writing at least 30 calendar days prior to the anniversary date of the proxy statement in connection with our last general meeting of shareholders; provided, however, that if the date of the general meeting of shareholders is more than 30 calendar days before or after the anniversary date of the last annual general meeting of shareholders, such request must instead be made by the tenth calendar day following the date on which we have made public disclosure of the date of the general meeting of shareholders. The request must specify in writing the relevant agenda items and motions, together with evidence of the required shares recorded in the share register, as well as any other information as would be required to be included in a proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under the Swiss Code, a general meeting of shareholders for which a notice of meeting has been duly published may not be adjourned without publishing a new notice of meeting. Our annual report, our standalone and consolidated financial statements, the auditors reports thereon, our compensation report pursuant to Swiss law and the auditor s reports thereon must be made available no later than 20 calendar days prior to the annual general meeting of shareholders. If these documents are not accessible electronically, each shareholder may request that these documents be sent to it in due course. Voting Each of our shares carries one vote at a general meeting of shareholders. Voting rights may be exercised by shareholders registered in our share register or by a duly appointed proxy of a registered shareholder (including the independent proxy), which proxy need not be a shareholder. Our Articles of Association do not limit the number of shares that may be voted by a single shareholder. Shareholders wishing to exercise their voting rights who hold their shares through a bank, broker or other nominee should follow the instructions provided by such bank, broker or other nominee or, absent instructions, contact such bank, broker or other nominee for instructions. Shareholders holding 
 6 

their shares through a bank, broker or other nominee will not automatically be registered in our share register. If any such shareholder wishes to be registered in our share register, such shareholder should contact the bank, broker or other nominee through which it holds our shares. Treasury shares, whether owned by us or one of our majority-owned subsidiaries, will not be entitled to vote at general meetings of shareholders. Our Articles of Association do not provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. Pursuant to our Articles of Association, the shareholders generally pass resolutions by the affirmative vote of a relative majority of the votes cast at the general meeting of shareholders (broker nonvotes, abstentions and blank and invalid ballots will be disregarded), unless otherwise provided by law or our Articles of Association. However, our Articles of Association provide that directors may be elected at a general meeting of shareholders by a plurality of the votes cast by the shareholders present in person or by proxy at the meeting. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines have a majority vote policy that provides that the board may nominate only those candidates for director who have submitted an irrevocable letter of resignation which would be effective upon and only in the event that (1) such nominee fails to receive a sufficient number of votes from shareholders in an uncontested election and (2) the board accepts the resignation following such failure. If a nominee who has submitted such a letter of resignation does not receive more votes cast for than against the nominee s election, the corporate governance committee must promptly review the letter of resignation and recommend to the board whether to accept the tendered resignation or reject it. The board must then act on the corporate governance committee s recommendation within 90 days following the shareholder vote. The board must promptly disclose its decision regarding whether or not to accept the nominee s resignation letter. The acting chair may direct that resolutions and elections be held by use of an electronic voting system. Electronic resolutions and elections are considered equal to resolutions and elections taken by way of a written ballot. Virtual only meetings may only be held if the articles of association expressly authorize such a form of the general meeting. Our Articles of Association do not currently include such an authorization. The Swiss Code and/or our Articles of Association require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the voting rights and a majority of the par value of the shares, each as represented at a general meeting to approve, among other things, the following matters: 
 the amendment to or the modification of the purpose clause in our Articles of Association; 

the combination of shares reverse stock split 

the creation or cancellation of shares with privileged voting rights; 

the restriction on the transferability of shares or cancellation thereof; 

the restriction on the exercise of the right to vote or the cancellation thereof; 
 
 changes to our authorized or conditional share capital; 
 
 the change of currency of our share capital; 
 
 the delisting of our shares from a stock exchange; 

an increase in the share capital through (1) the conversion of capital surplus, (2) a contribution in kind, or (3) a grant of special privileges; 

7 

the limitation on or withdrawal of preemptive rights; 

a change in our registered office; 

the conversion of registered shares into bearer shares and vice versa; and 

the introduction of an arbitration agreement in our Articles of Association; 

our dissolution. 

The same qualified voting requirements apply to resolutions in relation to transactions among corporations based on Switzerland s Federal Act on Mergers, Demergers, Transformations and the Transfer of Assets and Liabilities (the Merger Act ), including a merger, demerger or conversion of a corporation (other than a cash-out or certain squeeze-out mergers, in which minority shareholders of the company being acquired may be compensated in a form other than through shares of the acquiring company, for instance, through cash or securities of a parent company of the acquiring company or of another company in such a merger, an affirmative vote of 90 of the outstanding shares is required). Swiss law may also impose this supermajority voting requirement in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of our assets by us. See Compulsory Acquisitions; Appraisal Rights below. Our Articles of Association require the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at a general meeting to approve the following matters: the removal of a serving member of the board of directors; 
 any changes to Article 14, paragraph 1 specifying advance notice of proposal requirements; 
 any changes to Article 18 specifying vote requirements for resolutions and elections; 
 any changes to Article 20, paragraph 2 specifying supermajority vote requirements; 
 any changes to Article 21 specifying quorum requirements; 
 any changes to Article 22 specifying the number of members of the board of directors; 
 any changes to Article 23 specifying the term of the board of directors; and 
 any changes to Article 24 specifying the organization of the board of directors and the indemnification provisions for directors and officers. 
 
 Our Articles of Association require the affirmative vote of holders of the number of our shares at least equal to the sum of (A) two-thirds of the number of all shares outstanding and entitled to vote at a general meeting, plus (B) a number of shares outstanding and entitled to vote at the general meeting that is equal to one-third of the number of shares held by an interested shareholder, for us to engage in any business combination with an interested shareholder (as those terms are defined in our Articles of Association) and for the amendment of the provisions in our Articles of Association relating to this shareholder approval requirement. Quorum for General Meetings The presence of shareholders, in person or by proxy, holding at least a majority of the shares entitled to vote at the time when the general meeting proceeds to business is generally the required presence for a quorum for the transaction of business at a general meeting of shareholders. However, the presence of shareholders, in person or by proxy, holding at least two-thirds of the share capital recorded in the commercial register at the time when the general meeting proceeds to business is the required presence for a quorum to adopt a resolution to amend, vary, suspend the operation of or cause any of the following provisions of our Articles of Association to cease to apply: 
 8 

Article 18 which relates to proceedings and procedures at general meetings; 
 Article 19(g) which relates to business combinations with interested shareholders; 
 Article 20 which sets forth the level of shareholder approval required for certain matters; 
 Article 21 which sets forth the quorum at a general meeting required for certain matters, including the removal of a serving member of the board of directors; and 
 Articles 22, 23 and 24 which relate to the size and the organization of the board of directors, the term of directors and the indemnification provisions for directors and officers. 
 
 Additionally, shareholders present, in person or by proxy, holding at least two-thirds of the share capital recorded in the commercial register at the time when the general meeting proceeds to business constitute the required presence for a quorum at a general meeting to adopt a resolution to remove a serving director. Under the Swiss Code, the board of directors has no authority to waive quorum requirements stipulated in the Articles of Association. Inspection of Books and Records Under the Swiss Code, a shareholder has a right to inspect the share register with regard to his, her or its own shares and otherwise to the extent necessary to exercise his, her or its shareholder rights. No other person has a right to inspect the share register. The books and correspondence of a Swiss company may be inspected with the express authorization of the general meeting of shareholders or by resolution of the board of directors and subject to the safeguarding of the company s business secrets. At a general meeting of shareholders, any shareholder is entitled to request information from the board of directors concerning the affairs of the company. Shareholders may also ask the auditor questions regarding its audit of the company. The board of directors and the auditor must answer shareholders questions to the extent necessary for the exercise of shareholders rights and subject to prevailing business secrets or other of our material interests. Special Investigation If the shareholders inspection and information rights as outlined above prove to be insufficient, any shareholder may propose to the general meeting of shareholders that a special independent commissioner investigate specific facts in a special investigation. If the general meeting of shareholders approves the proposal, we or any shareholder may, within 30 calendar days after the general meeting of shareholders, request the court at our registered office to appoint a special commissioner. If the general meeting of shareholders rejects the request, one or more shareholders representing at least 5 of the share capital or the votes may request, within three months after the general meeting, the court to appoint a special independent commissioner. The court will issue such an order if the petitioners can demonstrate prima facie that the board of directors, any member of our board of directors or one of our officers infringed the law or our Articles of Association and thereby damaged the company or the shareholders. The costs of the investigation would generally be allocated to us and only in exceptional cases to the petitioners. Compulsory Acquisitions; Appraisal Rights Swiss companies that undertake business combinations and other transactions that are binding on all shareholders are governed by the Merger Act. A statutory merger or demerger requires that at least two-thirds of the shares and a majority of the par value of the shares, each as represented at the general meeting of shareholders, vote in favor of the transaction. Under the Merger Act, a demerger may take two forms: a legal entity may divide all of its assets and transfer such assets to other legal entities, with the shareholders of the transferring entity receiving equity securities in the acquiring entities and the transferring entity dissolving upon deregistration in the commercial register; or 
 
 9 

a legal entity may transfer all or a portion of its assets to other legal entities, with the shareholders of the transferring entity receiving equity securities in the acquiring entities. 
 
 If a transaction under the Merger Act receives all of the necessary consents, all shareholders would be compelled to participate in the transaction. See Voting above. Swiss companies may be acquired by an acquirer through the direct acquisition of the share capital of the Swiss company. With respect to corporations limited by shares, such as Transocean, the Merger Act provides for the possibility of a so-called cash-out or squeeze-out merger if the acquirer controls 90 of the outstanding shares. In these limited circumstances, minority shareholders of the company being acquired may be compensated in a form other than through shares of the acquiring company (for instance, through cash or securities of a parent company of the acquiring company or of another company). For business combinations effected in the form of a statutory merger or demerger and subject to Swiss law, the Merger Act provides that if the equity rights have not been adequately preserved or compensation payments in the transaction are unreasonable, a shareholder may request the competent court to determine a reasonable amount of compensation. In addition, under Swiss law, the sale of all or substantially all of our assets by us may require a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders passed by holders of at least two-thirds of the voting rights and a majority of the par value of the shares, each as represented at the general meeting of shareholders. Whether or not a shareholder resolution is required depends on the particular transaction, including whether the following test is satisfied: the company sells a core part of its business, without which it is economically impracticable or unreasonable to continue to operate the remaining business; 
 the company s assets, after the divestment, are not invested in accordance with the company s statutory business purpose; and 
 the proceeds of the divestment are not earmarked for reinvestment in accordance with the company s business purpose but, instead, are intended for distribution to shareholders or for financial investments unrelated to the company s business. 
 
 If all of the foregoing apply, a shareholder resolution would likely be required. Legal Name; Formation; Fiscal Year; Registered Office Transocean was initially formed on August 18, 2008. It is incorporated and domiciled in Steinhausen, Canton of Zug, Switzerland, and operates under the Swiss Code as a stock corporation Aktiengesellschaft ). Transocean is recorded in the Commercial Register of the Canton of Zug with the registration number CHE-114.461.224. Transocean s fiscal year is the calendar year. The address of Transocean s registered office is Transocean, Turmstrasse 30, 6312 Steinhausen, Switzerland, and the telephone number at that address is +41 (0)41 749 0500. Corporate Purpose Transocean is the parent holding company of the Transocean group. Pursuant to its Articles of Association, its business purpose is to acquire, hold, manage, exploit and sell, whether directly or indirectly, participations in businesses in Switzerland and outside of Switzerland, in particular in businesses that are involved in offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells, oil and gas drilling management services, drilling engineering services and drilling project management services and oil and gas exploration and production activities, and to provide financing for this purpose. Transocean may acquire, hold, manage, mortgage and sell real estate and intellectual property rights in Switzerland and outside of Switzerland. Duration and Liquidation 
 10 

Our Articles of Association do not limit our duration. Under Swiss law, we may be dissolved at any time by a resolution adopted at a general meeting of shareholders, which must be passed by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two thirds of voting rights and an absolute majority of the par value of the shares, each as represented (in person or by proxy) at the general meeting. Dissolution and liquidation by court order is possible if (1) we become bankrupt or (2) shareholders holding at least 10 of our share capital so request for valid reasons. Under Swiss law, any surplus arising out of liquidation (after the settlement of all claims of all creditors) is distributed in proportion to the paid-up par value of shares held. The amount exceeding the par value of the share is subject to Swiss withholding tax of 35 . Our shares carry no privilege with respect to such liquidation surplus. Uncertificated Shares Our shares have been issued in uncertificated form in accordance with article 973c of the Swiss Code as uncertificated securities, which have been registered with Computershare, and constitute intermediated securities within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities. In accordance with article 973c of the Code, Transocean maintains a register of uncertificated securities Wertrechtebuch ). Stock Exchange Listing Our shares are listed and trade on the NYSE under the symbol RIG. No Sinking Fund The shares have no sinking fund provisions. No Liability for Further Calls or Assessments The shares that have been issued to date are duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. No Redemption and Conversion The shares are not convertible into shares of any other class or series or subject to redemption either by us or the holder of the shares. Transfer and Registration of Shares We have not imposed any restrictions applicable to the transfer of our shares, other than the requirement that an acquirer of shares expressly declares to have acquired the shares in its own name and for its own account. Our share register is maintained by Computershare, which acts as transfer agent and registrar. The share register reflects only record owners of our shares. Swiss law does not recognize fractional share interests. Description of the 2023 Exchangeable Bonds Introductory note: The following is a description of the Exchangeable Bonds as of December 31, 2022. The Exchangeable Bonds were subsequently repaid as of their maturity date of January 30, 2023. The following is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified by reference to, all of the provisions of the Exchangeable Bonds and the indenture among Transocean Inc. TINC ), as issuer, Transocean Ltd. Transocean ), as guarantor, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as co-trustees, dated January 30, 2018 (the indenture ). We encourage you to read the indenture for additional information. In this summary, we, our and us means TINC, as issuer of the Exchangeable Bonds, and guarantor means Transocean, as guarantor of the Exchangeable Bonds, unless, in each case, we indicate otherwise or the context indicates otherwise. General 
 11 

The Exchangeable Bonds are our general unsecured and senior obligations, and are exchangeable into Transocean s Shares as described under Exchange Rights below. The Exchangeable Bonds are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the guarantor. The Exchangeable Bonds will mature on January 30, 2023. The Exchangeable Bonds pay cash interest at an annual rate of 0.5 on the principal amount of the Exchangeable Bonds to, but excluding, the next scheduled interest payment date until January 30, 2023. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 30 and July 30 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on the preceding January 15 and July 15, respectively. Accrued interest is computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. In the event of the repurchase by us at the option of the holder of an Exchangeable Bond, interest ceases to accrue on the Exchangeable Bonds under the terms of and subject to the conditions of the indenture. Any amounts on the Exchangeable Bonds that are payable but not punctually paid or provided for defaulted amounts will cease to be payable to the holder of the Exchangeable Bonds on the relevant payment date but will accrue interest per annum at the rate borne by the Exchangeable Bonds, subject to applicable law, from, and including, the relevant payment date. We may elect to pay the defaulted amounts and any interest accrued (i) to the holders of the Exchangeable Bonds as of the close of business on a special record date, which will be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of our proposed payment of such defaulted amounts or (ii) in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, or any other securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Exchangeable Bonds may be listed or designated for trading. The indenture does not contain any financial covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the making of investments, the incurrence of indebtedness, the granting of liens or mortgages, or the issuance or repurchase of securities by us. The indenture does not contain any covenants or other provisions to protect holders of the Exchangeable Bonds in the event of a highly leveraged transaction or a fundamental change, except to the extent described under Exchange Rights Increased Exchange Rate in Connection with Fundamental Changes and Repurchase Rights Following Fundamental Change or Tax Event below. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 49 million aggregate principal amount of Exchangeable Bonds was outstanding. The Exchangeable Bonds are not subject to a sinking fund provision and are not be subject to defeasance or covenant defeasance under the indenture. Guarantee Our obligations under the indenture, including the repurchase obligations resulting from a fundamental change or tax event, are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis by the guarantor. The guarantor s obligations under the guarantee are limited to the maximum amount as, after giving effect to all other contingent and fixed liabilities of the guarantor, will result in the guarantor s obligation under the guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any Bankruptcy Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law. The Exchangeable Bonds are not obligations of, or guaranteed by, any of our or the guarantor s existing or future subsidiaries. Ranking/Additional Debt The Exchangeable Bonds are our general unsecured obligations and rank: (1) senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future subordinated indebtedness; (2) equal in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness; 
 12 

(3) effectively junior in right of payment to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and (4) structurally subordinated to all secured and unsecured liabilities of our subsidiaries. The guarantee is a senior unsecured obligation of the guarantor and will rank equally in right of payment with the guarantor s other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The indenture does not limit the amount of debt that we or any of our subsidiaries may incur or issue, and it does not restrict transactions between us and our affiliates or dividends and other distributions by us or our subsidiaries. As described under General , we may issue additional Exchangeable Bonds under the indenture from time to time. Exchange Rights General Unless the Exchangeable Bonds are previously repurchased, holders may exchange their Exchangeable Bonds for Shares at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. The initial exchange rate of the Exchangeable Bonds is 97.29756 Shares per 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Bonds. The exchange rate is subject to change as described below under Increased Exchange Rate in Connection with a Fundamental Change , Increased Exchange Rate in Connection with a Tax Event and Exchange Rate Adjustments . A holder may exchange fewer than all of such holder s Exchangeable Bonds so long as the portion of Exchangeable Bonds exchanged is an integral multiple of 1,000 principal amount. We will satisfy our exchange obligation through delivery by the guarantor of the Shares. See Settlement Upon Exchange . Upon exchange of an Exchangeable Bond, a holder will not receive any cash payment of interest (unless such exchange occurs between a regular record date and the interest payment date to which it relates and the exchanging holder held the Exchangeable Bonds on that record date), and we will not adjust the exchange rate to account for accrued and unpaid interest. Accordingly, any accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid in full upon exchange, rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. Holders of Exchangeable Bonds at the close of business on a regular record date will receive payment of interest payable on the corresponding interest payment date notwithstanding the exchange of such Exchangeable Bonds at any time after the close of business on the applicable regular record date. Exchangeable Bonds surrendered for exchange by a holder after the close of business on any regular record date but prior to the next interest payment date must be accompanied by payment of an amount equal to the interest that the holder on the record date is to receive on the Exchangeable Bonds; provided, however, that no such payment need be made (1) for exchanges following the regular record date immediately preceding the maturity date, (2) if we have specified a repurchase date following a tax event or fundamental change that is after a record date and on or prior to the next interest payment date or (3) only to the extent of overdue interest, if any overdue interest exists at the time of exchange with respect to such Exchangeable Bonds. No other payments or adjustments for interest will be made upon exchange. Holders of the Shares issuable upon exchange, if any, will not be entitled to receive any dividends payable to holders of the Shares as of any record time or date before such Shares are delivered to the holder upon exchange of such holder s Exchangeable Bonds. If a holder has already delivered a repurchase notice as described under Repurchase Rights Following Fundamental Change or Tax Even t with respect to an Exchangeable Bond, the holder may not surrender that Exchangeable Bond for exchange until the holder has withdrawn the repurchase notice in accordance with the indenture. Settlement Upon Exchange To exchange the Exchangeable Bonds, a holder of Exchangeable Bonds in certificated form must deliver an irrevocable, duly completed exchange notice, together with the certificated security, to the exchange agent along with appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, if required, and pay any interest and transfer or similar tax, in each 
 13 

case, if required, and a holder of Exchangeable Bonds in global form must comply with the applicable procedures of the depositary in effect at the time and pay any interest and transfer or similar tax, in each case, if required. The date a holder satisfies these requirements is called the exchange date . The form of exchange notice is attached to the indenture. Delivery of the Shares upon exchange will be accomplished by book-entry transfer of the required number of Shares through The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York DTC ). The trustee will initially act as the exchange agent. Upon exchange of the Exchangeable Bonds, a holder will receive, for each 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Bonds exchanged, the Shares at the exchange rate in effect on the exchange date. Cash will be delivered in lieu of any fractional shares. Settlement will occur through the exchange agent on the third business day following the exchange date (or, if the exchange is in connection with a fundamental change, on the fifth business day following the exchange date). The guarantor s delivery to the holder of the Shares and any cash, if applicable, in settlement as described above will satisfy our exchange obligation. Increased Exchange Rate in Connection with a Fundamental Change If the effective date of any fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date, and a holder elects to exchange its Exchangeable Bonds during the period commencing on such effective date and ending on the business day immediately before the fundamental change repurchase date (the fundamental change period ), then the guarantor will increase the exchange rate for the Exchangeable Bonds surrendered for exchange as described below. We will notify holders of any such fundamental change and the anticipated effective date in accordance with the procedures outlined in the indenture and described in Repurchase Rights Following Fundamental Change or Tax Event below. The increased exchange rate applicable to any exchange in connection with a fundamental change due to a change of control will be determined as follows: COCER = OER x (1 +(EP x (c/t))), where COCER = change of control exchange rate OER = exchange rate otherwise applicable, before giving effect to increase EP = 22.50 c = the number of days from and including the date of the change of control to but excluding the maturity date t = the number of days from and including the issue date to but excluding the maturity date 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the increased exchange rate applicable to any exchange in connection with a fundamental change due to a listing failure event will be determined as follows: LFER = OER x (1 +(EP x (c/t))), where LFER = listing failure event exchange rate OER = exchange rate otherwise applicable, before giving effect to increase EP = 22.50 c = the number of days from and including the date of the listing failure event to but excluding the maturity date t = the number of days from and including the issue date to but excluding the maturity date 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if a holder exchanges its Exchangeable Bonds prior to the fundamental change period, then, whether or not such fundamental change occurs, the holder will not be entitled to an increased exchange rate in connection with such fundamental change. 
 14 

A fundamental change will be deemed to have occurred at such time after the original issuance of the Exchangeable Bonds when any of the following has occurred: a change of control event; or a listing failure event. 
 Change of control means the occurrence of any of the following: A. the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger, amalgamation or statutory plan of arrangement or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries or the guarantor s and its subsidiaries assets, in each case taken as a whole, to any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) other than to us, the guarantor or one of the guarantor s other subsidiaries; B. the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger, amalgamation or statutory plan of arrangement or consolidation) the result of which is that any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the combined voting power of the guarantor s or our voting stock or other voting stock into which the guarantor s or our voting stock is reclassified, consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; C. we or the guarantor consolidate, amalgamate, or enter into a statutory plan of arrangement with, or merge with or into, any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), or any person consolidates, amalgamates, or enters into a statutory plan of arrangement with, or merges with or into, us or the guarantor, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the guarantor s, our or of such other person s outstanding voting stock is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other than any such transaction where the shares of our or the guarantor s voting stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, voting stock representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving person immediately after giving effect to such transaction; or D. the adoption of a plan relating to the guarantor s or our liquidation or dissolution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any holding company whose only significant asset is our capital stock or any of our direct or indirect parent companies will not itself be considered a person or group for purposes of clause B above. Further, notwithstanding the foregoing, no change of control of the guarantor will be deemed to have occurred if at least 90 of the consideration for the Shares (excluding cash payments for fractional shares) in the transaction or transactions otherwise constituting a change of control in respect of the guarantor consist of common stock, ordinary shares, American Depositary Receipts or equivalent capital stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market, or any successor to any such market, or which will be so traded when issued or exchanged in connection with the transaction or transactions otherwise constituting a change of control in respect of the guarantor, and as a result of such transaction or transactions, the Exchangeable Bonds become exchangeable, upon the conditions for exchange and actual exchange in accordance with the terms hereof, into such common stock, ordinary shares, American Depositary Receipts or equivalent capital stock. Change of control event means (a) in the case of a change of control in respect of us, on any date during the 60-day period (which period will be extended so long as the rating of the Exchangeable Bonds is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the rating agencies (as defined in the indenture)) (the trigger period after the earlier of (1) the occurrence of a change of control; or (2) public notice of the occurrence of a change of control or the intention by us to effect a change of control, (i) in the event the Exchangeable Bonds are rated investment grade by at least two of the rating agencies prior to such public notice, the rating of the Exchangeable Bonds by any rating agency shall be below investment grade, (ii) in the event the Exchangeable Bonds are rated below Investment Grade by at least two of the rating agencies prior to such public notice, the rating of the Exchangeable Bonds by any rating agency will be decreased by one or more categories or (iii) the Exchangeable Bonds will not be, or cease to be, rated by at least one of the rating agencies; provided that, in each case, such event is in whole or in part 
 15 

in connection with the change of control and (b) in the case of a change of control in respect of the guarantor, the effective date of such change of control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Change of Control Event will be deemed to have occurred in connection with any particular Change of Control unless and until such Change of Control has actually been consummated. A listing failure event will be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Exchangeable Bonds are originally issued if the Shares (or any other ordinary shares, common shares or American depositary shares underlying the Exchangeable Bonds) cease to be listed or quoted on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market (or any of their respective successors) and are not listed or quoted on one of The New York Stock Exchange, The NASDAQ Global Select Market or The NASDAQ Global Market (or any of their respective successors) concurrently with such cessation. Increased Exchange Rate in Connection with a Tax Event If a tax event occurs prior to the maturity date, and a holder elects to exchange its Exchangeable Bonds during the period commencing on such effective date and ending on the day before the tax event repurchase date (the tax event repurchase period ), then the guarantor will increase the exchange rate for the Exchangeable Bonds surrendered for exchange, as described below. We will notify holders of any such tax event in accordance with the procedures outlined in the indenture and described in Fundamental Change or Tax Event Requires Us to Repurchase Exchangeable Bonds at the Option of the Holder below. The increase exchange rate applicable to any exchange in connection with a tax event will be determined as follows: TEER = OER x (1 +(EP x (c/t))), where TEER = tax event exchange rate OER = exchange rate otherwise applicable, before giving effect to increase EP = 22.50 c = the number of days from and including the date of the tax event to but excluding the maturity date t = the number of days from and including the issue date to but excluding the maturity date 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if a holder exchanges its Exchangeable Bonds prior to the tax event repurchase period, then, whether or not such tax event occurs, the holder will not be entitled to an increased exchange rate in connection with such tax event. A tax event will be deemed to have occurred if, at any time after the Exchangeable Bonds are originally issued, (x) we reasonably determine that (A) as a result of (I) any change in or amendment to the laws or treaties (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of any taxing jurisdiction (as defined below), or (II) any change in the official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, treaties, regulations or rulings by any legislative body, court, governmental agency or regulatory authority, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after (1) the issue date, in the case of the Cayman Islands or Switzerland, or (2) the date such jurisdiction becomes a taxing jurisdiction, in the case of any other taxing jurisdiction, we, the guarantor or any such successor, as applicable, have or will become obligated to pay, on the next succeeding date on which interest is due, additional amounts pursuant to the indenture with respect to any of the Exchangeable Bonds; or (B) on or after (1) the issue date, in the case of the Cayman Islands or Switzerland, or (2) the date such jurisdiction becomes a taxing jurisdiction, in the case of any other taxing jurisdiction, any action has been taken by any taxing authority of, or any decision has been rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction in a taxing jurisdiction, including any of those actions specified in (A) above, whether or not such action was taken or such decision was rendered with respect to us, the guarantor or any such successor, as applicable, or any change, amendment, application or interpretation will be officially proposed, which in any case, in an opinion of counsel, will result in us, the guarantor or any such successor becoming obligated to pay, on the next succeeding date on which interest is due, additional amounts with respect to any of the Exchangeable Bonds, and, in any such case, we or the guarantor, as applicable, in our business judgment, determine that such obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to us or the guarantor; and (y) we provide notice to all holders of the Exchangeable Bonds and the trustee and the paying agent no less than 20, and no more than 60, days prior to the 
 16 

earliest date on which we or the guarantor would be obligated to withhold tax resulting from the amendment or change described in (A) or (B) above were a payment in respect of the Exchangeable Bonds then due that we are designating such amendment or change as a tax event. We are not obligated to designate any event as a tax event. As a result, any development described in clause (x) of the preceding paragraph will not constitute a tax event unless we elect, at our option, to designate it as such. If we declare a tax event, however, and a tax event offer to repurchase pursuant to the indenture, neither we nor the guarantor will thereafter be required to pay related additional amounts in respect of the Exchangeable Bonds. See Tax Additional Amounts . Exchange Rate Adjustments The exchange rate will be adjusted for certain events, as described below, except that we will not make any adjustments to the exchange rate if holders of Exchangeable Bonds have the right to participate (other than in the case of a share split or share combination or a tender or exchange offer), as a result of holding the Exchangeable Bonds, in any of the transactions described below without having to exchange their Exchangeable Bonds: (1) If the guarantor exclusively issues the Shares as a dividend or distribution on the Shares, or effects a subdivision or combination of the outstanding Shares, the exchange rate will be adjusted based on the following formula: ER = ER 0 x OS OS 0 
 ER 0 = the exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the date of the subdivision or combination ER = the exchange rate in effect immediately after the close of business on such record date or date of subdivision or combination OS 0 = the number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to such subdivision or combination OS = the number of Shares that would be outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, subdivision or combination 
 Any adjustment made under this paragraph (1) will become effective immediately after the close of business on the record date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the date for such subdivision or combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this paragraph (1) is declared but not so paid or made, the exchange rate will be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the guarantor s board of directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the exchange rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. (2) If the guarantor issues to all or substantially all holders of the Shares, rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a shareholder rights plan) that allow such holders, for a period ending not more than 45 days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase the Shares at a price per Share that is less than the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the business day immediately preceding the announcement date of such issuance, the exchange rate will be adjusted based on the following formula: ER = ER 0 x OS 0 + X OS 0 + Y 
 where, ER 0 = the exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date for such issuance ER = the exchange rate in effect immediately after the close of business on such record date OS 0 = the number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on such record date 

 17 

X = the total number of Shares issuable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants Y the number of Shares equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants divided by the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the announcement of the issuance of such rights, options or warrants 
 Any increase made under this paragraph (2) will become effective immediately after the close of business on the record date for such issuance. To the extent that the Shares are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the exchange rate will be decreased to be the exchange rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the issuance of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of Shares actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the exchange rate will be decreased to the exchange rate that would then be in effect if such record date for such issuance had not occurred. (3) If the guarantor distributes the Shares, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the guarantor or rights, options or warrants to acquire the Shares or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Shares, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances as to which an adjustment was effected as described in paragraphs (1) or (2) above, (ii) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which an adjustment was effected as described in paragraph (4) below, and (iii) spin-offs (as defined below) as to which the provisions set forth below in this paragraph (3) apply (any of such Shares, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire the Shares or other securities, the distributed property ), then the exchange rate will be increased based on the following formula: ER = ER 0 x SP 0 SP 0 - FMV 
 where, ER 0 = the exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date for such distribution; ER = the exchange rate in effect immediately after the close of business on such record date; SP 0 = the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares over the 10 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for the distribution; and FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the guarantor s Board of Directors) of the distributed property with respect to each outstanding Share on the ex-dividend date for the distribution. 
 Any increase made as described in this paragraph (3) will become effective immediately after the close of business on the record date for such distribution. If the distribution is not so paid or made, the exchange rate will be decreased to the exchange rate that would then be in effect if the distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the fair market value of the Shares is equal to or greater than SP0, in lieu of the foregoing increase, each holder of Exchangeable Bonds will receive, in respect of each 1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Shares receive the distributed property, the amount and kind of distributed property such Holder would have received if the holder owned a number of Shares equal to the exchange rate in effect on the ex-dividend date for the distribution. With respect to an adjustment as described in this paragraph (3) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Shares or shares of capital stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to one of the guarantor s subsidiaries or other business units, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a spin-off ), the exchange rate will be increased based on the following formula: ER = ER0 x FMV 0 + MP 0 MP 0 
 where, 
 18 

ER 0 = the exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date for the spin-off; ER = the exchange rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the record date for the spin-off; FMV 0 = the average of the last reported sale prices of the capital stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Shares applicable to one Share over the first 10 consecutive trading day period after, and including, the ex-dividend date of the spin-off (the valuation period and MP 0 = the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares over the valuation period. 
 The increase to the exchange rate under the preceding paragraph will occur at the close of business on the record date for the spin-off; provided that if the relevant exchange date occurs during the valuation period, references to 10 in the preceding paragraph will be deemed to be replaced with lesser number of trading days as have elapsed from, and including, the ex-dividend date of the spin-off to, and including, the exchange date in determining the exchange rate. For purposes of this paragraph (3), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Guarantor to all holders of the Shares entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Guarantor s Capital Stock, including the Shares (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (a trigger event ): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such Shares; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Shares, will be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this paragraph (3) (and no adjustment to the exchange rate under this paragraph (3) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest trigger event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants will be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if required) to the exchange rate will be made under this paragraph (3). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of the indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event will be deemed to be the date of distribution and record date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants will be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any trigger event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the exchange rate under this paragraph (3) was made, (1) in the case of any such rights, options or warrants that have all been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the exchange rate will be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the exchange rate will then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or trigger event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of the Shares with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of the Shares as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that will have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the exchange rate will be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued. For purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2) above and this paragraph (3), if any dividend or distribution to which this paragraph (3) is applicable also includes one or both of: 
 a dividend or distribution of the Shares to which paragraph (1) above is applicable (the clause A distribution or 

a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which paragraph (2) above is applicable (the clause B distribution ), 

then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the clause A Distribution and the clause B Distribution, will be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this paragraph (3) is applicable (the clause C distribution and any exchange rate adjustment required by this paragraph (3) with respect to such clause C distribution will then be made, and (2) the clause A distribution and clause B distribution will be deemed to immediately follow the clause C distribution and any exchange rate adjustment required by paragraphs (1) and (2) above and with respect thereto 
 19 

will then be made, except that, if determined by the guarantor (I) the record date of the clause A distribution and the clause B distribution will be deemed to be the record date of the clause C distribution and (II) any Shares included in the clause A distribution or clause B distribution will be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on such record date within the meaning of paragraph (1) above or outstanding immediately prior to the close of business on such record date within the meaning of paragraph (2) above. (4) If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of Shares, the exchange rate will be increased based on the following formula: ER = ER 0 x SP 0 SP 0 - C 
 where, ER 0 = the exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date for such dividend or distribution; ER = the exchange rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the record date for such dividend or distribution; SP 0 = the last reported sale price of the Shares on the trading day immediately preceding the record date for the ex-dividend or distribution; C = the amount in cash per share the guarantor distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Shares. 
 Any increase pursuant to this paragraph (4) will become effective immediately after the close of business on the record date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the exchange rate will be decreased, effective as of the date the guarantor s board of directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be the exchange rate that would then be in effect if the dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP 0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each holder of Exchangeable Bonds will receive, for each 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Bonds, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Shares, the amount of cash that the Holder would have received if the Holder owned a number of the Shares equal to the exchange rate on the ex-dividend date for the cash dividend or distribution. (5) If the guarantor or any of its subsidiaries makes a payment in respect of a tender offer (which for the avoidance of doubt will not include any open market buybacks or purchases that are not tender offers) or exchange offer for the Shares, to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of Shares exceeds the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares over the 10 consecutive trading day period commencing on, and including, the trading day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the exchange rate will be increased based on the following formula: ER = ER 0 x AC + (SP x OS OS 0 X SP 
 where, ER 0 = the exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the trading day immediately following the trading day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; ER = the exchange rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the trading day immediately following the trading day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the guarantor s Board of Directors) paid or payable for the Shares purchased or exchanged in the tender or exchange offer; 

 20 

OS 0 = the number of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all the Shares accepted for purchase or exchange in the tender or exchange offer); OS the number of Shares outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all the Shares accepted for purchase or exchange in the tender or exchange offer); SP the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares over the 10 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date the tender or exchange offer expires; and SP the average of the last reported sale prices of the Shares over the 10 consecutive trading day period commencing on, and including, the trading day next succeeding the date the tender or exchange offer expires. 
 The increase to the exchange rate under this paragraph (5) will occur at the open of business on the trading day immediately following the trading day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that if the relevant exchange date occurs during the 10 trading days immediately following, and including, the trading day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph will be deemed replaced with such lesser number of trading days as have elapsed between the date that such tender or exchange offer expires and the exchange date in determining the exchange rate as of such trading day. Except as stated above, the exchange rate will not be adjusted for the issuance of the Shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares or the right to purchase any of the foregoing. The guarantor may from time to time, to the extent permitted by law and subject to applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange or any exchange on which any of the guarantor s securities are then listed, increase the exchange rate of the Exchangeable Bonds by any amount for any period of at least 20 business days. In such case, we will give at least 15 calendar days notice of such increase. We may make such increases in the exchange rate, in addition to those set forth above, as the guarantor s board of directors deems advisable or to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of our ordinary shares resulting from any dividend or distribution of shares (or rights to acquire shares) or from any event treated as such for income tax purposes. Notwithstanding anything in this section to the contrary, we will not be required to adjust the exchange rate unless the adjustment would result in a change of at least 1 of the exchange rate. However, we will carry forward any adjustments that are less than 1 of the exchange rate and take them into account when determining subsequent adjustments. In addition, without limiting the generality of any other provision of the Exchangeable Bonds, the exchange rate will not be adjusted: (1) upon the issuance of any Shares pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the guarantor s securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in the Shares under any plan; (2) upon the issuance of any Shares or options or rights to purchase the Shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director, officer or consultant benefit, compensation or stock purchase plan or program of or assumed by the guarantor or any of its subsidiaries; (3) upon the issuance of any Shares pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described above and outstanding as of the issue date of the Exchangeable Bonds; (4) upon the repurchase of any Shares pursuant to an open-market share repurchase program or other buyback transaction that is not a tender or exchange offer of the type described in paragraph (5) above; (5) solely for a change in the nominal value of the Shares; or 
 21 

(6) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any. As a result of any adjustment of the exchange rate, the holders of Exchangeable Bonds may, in certain circumstances, be deemed to have received a distribution that is treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In certain other circumstances, the absence of an adjustment may result in a taxable dividend to the holders of ordinary shares. Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Shares If the guarantor is a party to (1) a recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Shares, (2) a consolidation, merger or combination, (3) a sale, lease or transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of the guarantor and its subsidiaries or (4) any statutory share exchange, in each case, as a result of which the Shares would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets, then the exchange rights will be changed into a right to exchange the Exchangeable Bonds into the kind and amount of stock, other securities, other property or assets that a holder would have been entitled to receive if such holder had held a number of ordinary shares equal to the applicable exchange rate in effect immediately prior to the transaction (the reference property ). The amount of cash and any reference property holders receive will be based on the daily exchange values of reference property and the applicable exchange rate, as described above. If an event described in the immediately preceding paragraph causes the Shares to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of shareholder election), then (i) the reference property into which the Exchangeable Bonds will be exchangeable will be deemed to be (x) the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration received by the holders of the Shares that affirmatively make such an election or (y) if no holders of the Shares affirmatively make such an election, the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Shares, and (ii) the unit of reference property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph will refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) in this paragraph attributable to one Share. To the extent that the Exchangeable Bonds become exchangeable into the right to receive cash following an event described above, interest will not accrue on such cash. If the transaction also constitutes a fundamental change, a holder can alternatively require us to purchase all or a portion of such holder s Exchangeable Bonds as described under Repurchase Rights Following Fundamental Change or Tax Event below. Calculations in Respect of the Exchangeable Bonds We will be responsible for making all calculations called for under the Exchangeable Bonds. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the last reported sale prices of the Shares, the accrued interest payable on the Exchangeable Bonds, the tax event repurchase price, the change of control repurchase price, the listing failure event repurchase price and the exchange rate of the Exchangeable Bonds. We will make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, our calculations shall be final and binding on holders of the Exchangeable Bonds. We will provide a schedule of our calculations to each of the trustee and the exchange agent, and each of the trustee and exchange agent is entitled to rely conclusively on the accuracy of our calculations without independent verification. The trustee will forward our calculations to any holder of the Exchangeable Bonds upon the request of such holder at our cost and expense. Repurchase Rights Following Fundamental Change or Tax Event If we undergo a fundamental change or tax event after the first issuance of the Exchangeable Bonds, each holder will have the option to require us to purchase its Exchangeable Bonds on a date of our choosing (the repurchase date that is not less than 60 business days after the fundamental change (or a longer period if required by applicable law). In the event of a change of control repurchase event, we will pay a purchase price equal to 101 of the principal amount of the holder s Exchangeable Bonds plus accrued and unpaid interest up to but excluding the date of purchase (the change of control repurchase price ). In the event of a listing failure event or tax event, we will pay a purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the holder s Exchangeable Bonds plus accrued and unpaid interest up 
 22 

to but excluding the date of purchase (the listing failure event repurchase price or tax event repurchase price , as applicable). However, if the repurchase date is after a record date and on or prior to the corresponding interest payment date, the interest will be paid on the interest payment date to the holder of record on the record date. A holder may require us to purchase all or any part of the Exchangeable Bonds so long as the principal amount at maturity of the Exchangeable Bonds being purchased is an integral multiple of 1,000. Our ability to repurchase Exchangeable Bonds with cash at any time may be limited by the terms of our then existing borrowing agreements. The indenture prohibits us from repurchasing Exchangeable Bonds in connection with the holders repurchase rights if any event of default under the indenture has occurred and is continuing, except for a default in the payment of the repurchase price with respect to the Exchangeable Bonds. If a fundamental change occurs at a time when we are prohibited from repurchasing the Exchangeable Bonds, we could seek the consent of our lenders to purchase the Exchangeable Bonds or attempt to refinance the debt. If we do not obtain such consent or we are not able to refinance the debt, we would not be permitted to repurchase the Exchangeable Bonds. Our existing borrowing agreements currently do not restrict us from repurchasing the Exchangeable Bonds so long as we remain in compliance with certain financial covenants. On or before the 20th calendar day after a fundamental change, we will provide notice to the trustee and to each holder of the Exchangeable Bonds of the fundamental change which specifies the terms and conditions and the procedures required for exercise of a holder s right to require us to repurchase its Exchangeable Bonds. Such notice will specify: (1) the events causing the fundamental change; (2) the date of such fundamental change; (3) the last date by which a holder of Exchangeable Bonds may exercise the repurchase right; (4) the fundamental change repurchase date; (5) the change of control repurchase price or the listing failure event repurchase price, as applicable; (6) the name and address of the paying agent and the exchange agent, if applicable; (7) the exchange rate and any adjustments to the exchange rate; (8) that Exchangeable Bonds with respect to which a fundamental change purchase notice is given by the holder may be exchanged only if the fundamental change purchase notice has been withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the indenture; and (9) the procedures that holders must follow to exercise these rights. No less than 20 and no more than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which we would have to withhold tax in connection with a tax event, we will provide notice to the trustee and to each holder of the Exchangeable Bonds of the tax event which specifies the terms and conditions and the procedures required for exercise of a holder s right to require us to repurchase its Exchangeable Bonds. Such notice will specify: (1) the events causing the tax event; (2) the date of such tax event; (3) the last date by which a holder of Exchangeable Bonds may exercise the repurchase right; (4) the tax event repurchase date; (5) the tax event repurchase price; 
 23 

(6) the name and address of the paying agent and the exchange agent, if applicable; (7) the exchange rate and any adjustments to the exchange rate; (8) that Exchangeable Bonds with respect to which a tax event purchase notice is given by the holder may be exchanged only if the tax event purchase notice has been withdrawn in accordance with the terms of the indenture; (9) the impact of such tax event on our obligation to pay additional amounts; and (10) the procedures that holders must follow to exercise these rights. To exercise the repurchase right, a holder of Exchangeable Bonds must deliver, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the repurchase date specified in our notice, written notice to the paying agent of the holder s exercise of its repurchase right. The holder may withdraw any written repurchase notice by delivering a written notice of withdrawal to the paying agent prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the repurchase date that states the principal amount of the withdrawn Exchangeable Bonds, the certificate number of the Exchangeable Bonds in the case of a physical bond and the principal amount, if any, of Exchangeable Bonds that remain subject to the original repurchase notice, which must be in principal amounts of 1,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000. For purposes of defining a fundamental change: 
 the terms person and group have the meanings given to them in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provisions; 

the term group includes any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or any successor provision; and 

the term beneficial owner is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act, as amended, requires the dissemination of certain information to security holders if an issuer tender offer occurs and may apply if the repurchase option becomes available to holders of the Exchangeable Bonds. We will comply with this rule to the extent applicable at that time. We could, in the future, enter into certain transactions, including certain recapitalizations, that would not constitute a fundamental change with respect to the fundamental change repurchase feature of the Exchangeable Bonds, but that would increase the amount of our outstanding indebtedness or the outstanding indebtedness of our subsidiaries. No Exchangeable Bonds may be repurchased at the option of holders upon a fundamental change if the principal amount of the Exchangeable Bonds has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from our default in the payment of the tax event repurchase price, the change of control repurchase price or the listing failure event repurchase price). The fundamental change repurchase feature of the Exchangeable Bonds may in certain circumstances make it more difficult or discourage a takeover of us or the guarantor. The fundamental change repurchase feature, however, is not the result of our knowledge of any specific effort to accumulate the Shares, to obtain control of us by means of a merger, scheme of arrangement, tender offer solicitation or otherwise, or by management to adopt a series of anti-takeover provisions. Instead, the fundamental change repurchase feature is a standard term contained in securities similar to the Exchangeable Bonds, is limited to specified transactions and may not include other events that might adversely affect our or the guarantor s financial condition or results of operations. Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets 
 24 

We have agreed, for so long as any Exchangeable Bonds remain outstanding, that we will not consolidate with or merge into any entity, or transfer or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to any entity, unless, among certain other requirements: 

either (a) we or the guarantor is the continuing entity or (b) the continuing entity is organized under the laws of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, Cyprus, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, England, Scotland, Wales, Ireland, or any other jurisdiction that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder under the indenture in any material respect; 

immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of transactions, no default or event of default will have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; and 

the successor (if not us or the guarantor) expressly assumes our or the guarantor s, as applicable, covenants and obligations under the indenture. 

Additional Covenants The covenants summarized below will apply to the Exchangeable Bonds. Ownership of the Company The guarantor will continue to own (directly or indirectly) 100 of our common equity. Covenants with Respect to the Shares The guarantor will keep available at all times (a) conditional share capital to issue and/or (b) the Shares held in treasury by the guarantor or any of its subsidiaries to deliver to holders of the Exchangeable Bonds the full number of Shares issuable or deliverable, as applicable, upon exchange of the Exchangeable Bonds, which Shares will not be subject by law to preemptive rights and in respect of which no contractual preemptive rights will be granted. The guarantor will cause the person in whose name any Shares will be issuable upon exchange to be effectively treated as a stockholder of record of such Shares for purposes of any dividends or distribution payable on the Shares as of the close of business on the relevant exchange date. The guarantor will not alter its share capital or amend its articles of association if and to the extent such alteration or amendment would have the effect of preventing, hindering or impairing the right of holders of the Exchangeable Bonds to exchange their Exchangeable Bonds for the Shares. The guarantor undertakes to and covenants with the trustee that in the event of our failing to comply with our obligations pursuant to the provisions described under Exchange Rights Settlement Upon Exchange above, the guarantor will cause us to comply with such obligations. Required Information At any time we and the guarantor are not subject to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, we will, so long as any of the Exchangeable Bonds or the Shares constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide to any holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Exchangeable Bonds or any such Shares, upon written request, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act (or any other provision of Rule 144A, as such rule may be amended from time to time), to facilitate the resale of such Exchangeable Bonds or the Shares pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time. We and the guarantor will file with the trustee within fifteen days after the same are required to be filed with the SEC, copies of any documents or reports that we are required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
 25 

Exchange Act (giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act). Any such document or report that we or the guarantor files with the SEC via the SEC s EDGAR system will be deemed to be filed with the trustee for purposes of this paragraph at the time such documents are filed via the EDGAR system. Delivery of such reports, documents and information to the trustee is for informational purposes only, and the trustee s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including our compliance with any of our covenants (as to which the trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on officers certificates). The trustee shall not be obligated to monitor or confirm, on a continuing basis or otherwise, our compliance with this required information covenant or the posting of any reports, documents and information on the EDGAR system or any website. Events of Default Each of the following will constitute an event of default under the indenture: we or the guarantor defaults in the payment of interest on any Exchangeable Bond when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 
 
 we or the guarantor defaults in the payment of the principal (including the tax event repurchase price, change of control repurchase price or listing failure event repurchase price, if applicable) of, or premium on, any Exchangeable Bond when due and payable at maturity, upon required repurchase or otherwise; 

we or the guarantor fails to comply with our respective obligations to exchange the Exchangeable Bonds in accordance with the indenture upon exercise of a holder s exchange right; 

we or the guarantor fails to make an offer in connection with a fundamental change or tax event in accordance with the indenture; 

we or the guarantor fails to comply with any covenant or agreement in the indenture and such default or breach continues for 90 days after we have been given written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied in accordance with the indenture; 

the occurrence of a listing failure event; 

certain events involving bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of us or the guarantor; and 

the guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect or is declared null and void in a judicial proceeding, or the guarantor denies or disaffirms its obligations under the indenture. 

If an event of default described above will occur and be continuing, the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Bonds then outstanding may declare the Exchangeable Bonds due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued interest, and thereupon the trustee may, at its discretion, proceed to protect and enforce the rights of the holders of Exchangeable Bonds by appropriate judicial proceedings. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled with the written consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Bonds then outstanding on behalf of all holders of Exchangeable Bonds, subject to the provisions of the indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such waiver or rescission and annulment will extend to affect any default or event of default resulting from (i) the nonpayment of the principal (including the change of control repurchase price, the listing failure event repurchase price or the tax event repurchase price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, any Exchangeable Bonds, (ii) failure to repurchase any Exchangeable Bonds when required or (iii) a failure to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon exchange of the Exchangeable Bonds. Further, notwithstanding the foregoing, the guarantor s failure to own (directly or indirectly) 100 of the common equity of us shall constitute an event of default immediately upon such event. 
 26 

Tax Additional Amounts We and the guarantor, or any such successor, as applicable, will pay any amounts due with respect to the Exchangeable Bonds without deduction or withholding for any and all present and future withholding taxes, levies, imposts and charges (a withholding tax imposed by or for the account of the Cayman Islands, Switzerland or any other jurisdiction in which we or the guarantor, or any such successor, as applicable, are resident for tax purposes or any political subdivision or taxing authority of such jurisdiction (the taxing jurisdiction ), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such deduction or withholding is at any time required, we or the guarantor, or any such successor, as applicable, will (subject to compliance by you with any relevant administrative requirements) pay you additional amounts as will result in your receipt of such amounts as you would have received had no such withholding or deduction been required. If the taxing jurisdiction requires us to deduct or withhold any of these taxes, levies, imposts or charges, we or the guarantor, or any such successor, as applicable, will (subject to compliance by the holder of Exchangeable Bonds with any relevant administrative requirements) pay these additional amounts in respect of principal amount, redemption price, repurchase price and interest (if any), in accordance with the terms of the Exchangeable Bonds and the indenture, as may be necessary so that the net amounts paid to the holder or the trustee after such deduction or withholding will equal the principal amount, redemption price, repurchase price and interest (if any), on the Exchangeable Bonds. However, none of us or the guarantor, or any such successor, as applicable, will pay additional amounts in the following instances: (1) if any withholding would not be payable or due but for the fact that (1) the holder (or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary of, member or shareholder of, the holder, if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation), is a domiciliary, national or resident of, or engaging in business or maintaining a permanent establishment or being physically present in, the taxing jurisdiction or otherwise having some present or former connection with the taxing jurisdiction other than the holding or ownership of the Exchangeable Bonds or the collection of principal amount, redemption price, repurchase price and interest (if any), in accordance with the terms of the Exchangeable Bonds and the indenture, or the enforcement of the Exchangeable Bonds or (2) where presentation is required, the Exchangeable Bonds were presented more than 30 days after the date such payment became due or was provided for, whichever is later, (2) if any withholding tax would not have been imposed but for the failure to comply with certification, information, documentation or other reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connections with the relevant tax authority of the holder or beneficial owner of the Exchangeable Bonds, if this compliance is required by statute or by regulation as a precondition to relief or exemption from such withholding tax, (3) if any withholding tax would not be payable but for a tax event and we have made a tax event offer to repurchase pursuant to the indenture, or (4) if any withholding tax is required to be made in respect of payments made to holders of the Exchangeable Bonds resident in Switzerland (including any holders of Exchangeable Bonds who fail to provide required certification, documentation or other information establishing residence outside of Switzerland) pursuant to laws enacted by Switzerland providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those laid down in the draft legislation of the Swiss Federal Council of December 17, 2014, or otherwise changing the Swiss federal withholding tax system from an issuer-based system to a paying agent-based system to which a person other than the issuer is required to withhold tax on any interest payment, or any combination of the instances described in the preceding bullet points. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if a holder does not elect to exchange, or cause repurchase of, its Exchangeable Bonds following a tax event, none of us or the guarantor, or any such successor, as applicable, will be required to pay additional amounts with respect to payments made in respect of such Exchangeable Bonds following the tax event repurchase date, and all subsequent payments in respect of such Exchangeable Bonds will be subject to any tax required to be withheld or deducted under the laws of a relevant taxing jurisdiction. The obligation to pay additional amounts to any such holder for payments made on or in periods prior to the tax event repurchase date will remain subject to the exceptions described above. Satisfaction and Discharge 
 27 

When (a)(i) all outstanding Exchangeable Bonds have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or (ii) we or the guarantor has deposited with the trustee or delivered to holders, as applicable, after the Exchangeable Bonds have become due and payable, whether on the maturity date, any tax event repurchase date, any fundamental change repurchase date, upon exchange or otherwise, cash, the Shares, and any cash in lieu of fractional Shares, solely to satisfy the guarantor s exchange obligation, sufficient, without consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay all of the outstanding Exchangeable Bonds and all other sums due and payable under the indenture by us and the guarantor; and (b) we have delivered to the trustee an officers certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent for the satisfaction and discharge of the indenture have been complied with, then the indenture will cease to be of further effect with respect to the Exchangeable Bonds. Amendments to the Indenture With the consent of the holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Bonds then outstanding, we, the guarantor and the trustee may enter into supplemental indentures for the purpose of modifying or amending any of the provisions of the indenture or any supplemental indentures thereto, or of modifying in any manner the rights of the holders hereunder or thereunder; provided, however, that, without the consent of each holder of an outstanding Exchangeable Bond affected, no such supplemental indenture shall: 
 reduce the principal amount of the then outstanding Exchangeable Bonds whose holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; 

reduce the principal of or change the fixed maturity of any Exchangeable Bonds; 

reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest on any Exchangeable Bond; 

make any change that adversely affects the exchange rights or tax event or fundamental change repurchase rights of the Exchangeable Bonds; 
 
 waive a default or event of default in the payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (i) the principal (including the tax event repurchase price, the change of control repurchase price or the listing event repurchase price, if any) of, (ii) interest on or (iii) any consideration due upon exchange of, the Exchangeable Bonds (except a rescission of acceleration of the Exchangeable Bonds by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Exchangeable Bonds and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); 

make any Exchangeable Bond payable in money other than that stated in the Exchangeable Bond; 

make any change in the provisions of the indenture relating to waivers of past defaults or the rights of holders of Exchangeable Bonds to receive payments of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on the Exchangeable Bonds; 

adversely alter any of the provisions with respect to a repurchase of the Exchangeable Bonds upon a tax event or fundamental change or waive any payment of the tax event repurchase price, the change of control repurchase price or the listing failure event repurchase price; 

cause the Exchangeable Bonds or the guarantee to become subordinated in right of payment to any other indebtedness of us or the guarantor, as applicable; 

make any change in the amendment and waiver provisions; or 

release the guarantor from its obligations under the guarantee or the indenture, except as permitted by the indenture. 

28 

Further, without requiring the consent of any holders, we, the guarantor and the trustee may enter into supplemental indentures for one or more of the following purposes: 
 to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision in the indenture which may be inconsistent with any other provision in the indenture, provided such action will not adversely affect the interests of the holders of Exchangeable Bonds in any material respect; 

to provide for uncertificated Exchangeable Bonds in addition to or in place of physical bonds or to alter the provisions of the indenture regarding the form of the Exchangeable Bonds (including the related definitions) in a manner that does not adversely affect any holder of Exchangeable Bonds in any material respect; 

to provide for the assumption of our or the guarantor s obligations to the holders under the indenture by a successor company as provided for in the indenture; 

to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the holders that does not adversely affect the legal rights hereunder of any holder in any material respect, as determined in good faith by us, as evidenced in an officers certificate, or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us or the guarantor; 

to evidence and provide the acceptance of the appointment of a successor trustee pursuant to the terms of the indenture; 

to add an additional guarantor to the Exchangeable Bonds; 

to increase the exchange rate; 

to provide for the issuance of additional Exchangeable Bonds as permitted under the indenture; 

in connection with any event described under Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Shares, to provide that the Exchangeable Bonds are exchangeable into reference property, subject to the provisions of the indenture, and make such related changes to the terms of the Exchangeable Bonds to the extent expressly required; or 

to conform the provisions of the indenture of the Exchangeable Bonds to this Description of Transocean Exchangeable Bonds. 

Global Exchangeable Bonds: Book-Entry Form The Exchangeable Bonds are represented by one or more global securities. A global security is a special type of indirectly held security. Each global security is deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC and be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Investors may hold interests in the Exchangeable Bonds outside the United States through Euroclear or Clearstream if they are participants in those systems, or indirectly through organizations which are participants in those systems. Euroclear and Clearstream will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers securities accounts in Euroclear s and Clearstream s names on the books of their respective depositaries which in turn will hold such positions in customers securities accounts in the names of the nominees of the depositaries on the books of DTC. All securities in Euroclear or Clearstream are held on a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities clearance accounts. Ownership of beneficial interests in a global security will be limited to DTC participants (i.e., persons that have accounts with DTC or its nominee) or persons that may hold interests through DTC participants including Euroclear and Clearstream. Ownership of beneficial interests in a global security will be shown on, and the transfer of that 
 29 

ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (except with respect to persons that are themselves DTC participants). So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner of a global security, DTC or the nominee will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Exchangeable Bonds represented by that global security under the indenture. Except as described below, owners of beneficial interests in a global security will not be entitled to have Exchangeable Bonds represented by that global security registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Exchangeable Bonds in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or holders of the Exchangeable Bonds under the indenture. Principal and interest payments on Exchangeable Bonds registered in the name of DTC or its nominee will be made to DTC or the nominee, as the registered owner. None of us, the guarantor, the trustee, any paying agent or the registrar for the Exchangeable Bonds will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in a global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests or with respect to delivery to any participant, member, beneficial owner or other person (other than DTC) of any notice. The laws of some states require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive form. Those limits and laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global security. We expect that DTC or its nominee, upon receipt of any payment of principal or interest, will credit immediately the participants accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their beneficial interests in the principal amount of the relevant global security as shown on the records of DTC or its nominee. We also expect that payments by participants to owners of beneficial interests in a global security held through those participants will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in street name, and will be the responsibility of those participants. If DTC is at any time unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary and a successor depositary is not appointed by us within 90 days, we will issue Exchangeable Bonds in definitive form in exchange for the entire global security for the Exchangeable Bonds. In addition, we may at any time choose not to have Exchangeable Bonds represented by a global security and will then issue Exchangeable Bonds in definitive form in exchange for the entire global security relating to the Exchangeable Bonds. In any such instance, an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security will be entitled to physical delivery in definitive form of Exchangeable Bonds represented by the global security equal in principal amount to that beneficial interest and to have the Exchangeable Bonds registered in its name. Exchangeable Bonds so issued in definitive form will be issued as registered Exchangeable Bonds in minimum denominations of 1,000 and integral multiples thereof, unless otherwise specified by us. Meetings of Holders Meetings of holders of Exchangeable Bonds may be called at any time for any of the following purposes: 
 to give any notice to us or to the trustee or to give any directions to the trustee permitted under the indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any default or event of default under the indenture and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by holders of Exchangeable Bonds in respect of an event of default or remedy in respect of an event of default; 

to remove the trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the indenture; 

to consent to the execution of an indenture or supplemental indenture amending or modifying the indenture; or 

to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of Exchangeable Bonds under any other provision of the indenture. 

Calls of Meetings 
 30 

The trustee may at any time call a meeting of holders of Exchangeable Bonds to take any action specified above, to be held at such time and place as the trustee will determine. Notice of every meeting of holders of Exchangeable Bonds, setting forth the time and place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date, will be delivered to holders of Exchangeable Bonds. Such notice will also be delivered to us, not less than 20 or more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting. Any meeting of holders of Exchangeable Bonds will be valid without notice if the holders of all Exchangeable Bonds then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the holders of all Exchangeable Bonds then outstanding, and if we and the trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice. In case at any time we or the holders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Bonds then outstanding will have requested the trustee to call a meeting of holders of Exchangeable Bonds, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the trustee will not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then we or such holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any action described above, by delivering notice thereof as provided in this section. Qualifications for Voting To be entitled to vote at any meeting of holders, a person must (a) be a holder of one or more Exchangeable Bonds on the record date pertaining to such meeting and (b) be a person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a holder of one or more Exchangeable Bonds on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only persons entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of holders will be the persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel, any representatives of the trustee and its counsel and any of our representatives and our counsel. Notices Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a holder of Exchangeable Bonds, so long as the Exchangeable Bonds remain in global form, will be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed. Notices to holders of Exchangeable Bonds in certificated form will be given by mail to the holder s address as it appears in the Exchangeable Bonds register. Information Regarding the Co-Trustees Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Trust Company of Canada are co-trustees under the indenture governing the Exchangeable Bonds. Computershare Trust Company, N.A. has also been appointed by us as paying agent, exchange agent, registrar and custodian with regard to the Exchangeable Bonds. The trustee and its affiliates provide and may from time to time in the future provide banking and other services to us in the ordinary course of their business. Governing Law The indenture and the Exchangeable Bonds are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 
 31 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.50>
 3
 rig-20221231xex10d50.htm
 EX-10.50

Exhibit 10.50 
 Transocean Ltd. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective May 27, 2021) Appendix A to Award Letter Terms and Conditions of Awards February 9, 2023 To the extent you are granted an award of (1) Performance Units and (2) Restricted Share Units (the award of the Performance Units and Restricted Share Units together, the Awards under the Transocean Ltd. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective May 27, 2021 (the Plan effective as of the date indicated above (the Grant Date ), the target number of Performance Units and the number of shares of Restricted Share Units subject to such grant is set forth in an award letter to you (the Award Letter ). Any such Award is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, the Prospectus for the Plan, any rules and regulations adopted by the Committee, and the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Appendix A which forms part of your Award Letter. Any terms used in the Award Letter or this Appendix A and not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Plan. The terms and provisions of your Award are governed by the terms of the Plan as effective May 27, 2021, and amended from time to time thereafter. In the event there is an inconsistency between the terms of the Plan and the Award Letter, the terms of the Plan will control. Section I. PERFORMANCE UNITS 1. Determination of Earned Performance Units (a) Total Target Performance Unit Grant 
 For purposes of the Award Letter (including this Appendix A), the term Total Target Performance Units shall mean the total number of target Shares (or other consideration) that may be issued to you in respect of the achievement of certain performance standards as described herein, subject to the terms and conditions hereof. (b) Earned Performance Units 
 The exact number of Performance Units that will actually be earned by and issued to you and subject to the vesting described in Section I.2 (the Earned Performance Units will be based upon the achievement by the Company of the performance standard, as described in this Section I.1(b). The performance standard shall be measured for (1) the three calendar year periods ending December 31, 2023, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025 (each a Calendar Performance Period ), and (2) the cumulative period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2025 (the Cumulative Performance Period ). After the conclusion of each of the Calendar Performance Periods, and at the conclusion of the Cumulative Performance Period, the Committee will make a determination as to the number of Earned Performance Units based on the Company s relative performance on total shareholder return TSR as 
 Appendix A 

compared against a peer group (as identified in Exhibit A) over the respective Calendar Performance Period and the Cumulative Performance Period, and at the conclusion of each Calendar and Cumulative Performance Period the Committee will make a determination as to any adjustment to the number of Earned Performance Units based on the Company s absolute performance on TSR. The determination by the Committee with respect to the achievement of absolute and relative TSR will be made in the first sixty days following the end of the respective Calendar and Cumulative Performance Period after all necessary Company and peer information is available. The specific date on which such determination is formally made and approved by the Committee is referred to as the Determination Date . After the Determination Date, the Company will notify you of the number of Earned Performance Units, if any. More detailed definitions for TSR and the methodology for determining the Earned Performance Units are incorporated herein as Exhibit A. (c) Committee Determinations 
 The Committee shall have absolute discretion to determine the number of Earned Performance Units to which you are entitled, if any, including without limitation such adjustments as may be necessary in the opinion of the Committee to account for changes since the date of the Award Letter. The Committee s determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon you. You shall not have any right or claim with respect to any units other than Earned Performance Units to which you become entitled in accordance with this Appendix A. 2. Vesting (a) Unless vested on an earlier date as provided in this Appendix A, the Earned Performance Units will be vested on December 31, 2025, subject to your continued employment through that date. 
 (b) In certain circumstances more particularly described in Sections I.5 and I.6 below, your Earned Performance Units may vest before the date set forth in Section I.2(a). In addition, the Committee may accelerate the vesting of all or a portion of your Earned Performance Units at any time in its discretion. 
 (c) You do not need to pay any purchase price for the Earned Performance Units unless otherwise required in accordance with applicable law. 
 3. Restrictions Until and unless you vest in your Earned Performance Units and receive a distribution of Shares, you do not own any of the Shares potentially subject to this performance award and may not attempt to sell, transfer, assign or pledge any such Shares. After the Cumulative Performance Period has ended and all Earned Performance Units are determined, the net Shares (total Shares distributable in respect of vested Earned Performance Units minus any Shares retained by the Company in accordance with the policies and requirements described in Section IV.4) will be delivered on March 15, 
 Appendix A - 2 - 

2026 in street name to your brokerage account (or, in the event of your death, to a brokerage account in the name of your beneficiary under the Plan) with the broker retained by the Company for such purpose (the Broker ). Any Shares distributed to you in respect of vested Earned Performance Units will be registered in your name and will not be subject to any restrictions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the number of Shares distributed to you will be subject to the number of Shares that remain available for issuance under Paragraph 5 of the Plan, as amended, and the Committee may make such adjustment as it deems appropriate to the number of Shares distributed to reflect any limitation on Shares available. 4. Dividend Equivalents, Dividends and Voting (a) Vested Earned Performance Units . In the event that dividends are paid with respect to Shares such that the applicable record date for such dividends occurs during the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date you receive a distribution of Shares in satisfaction of your vested Earned Performance Units, you will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the amount of the dividend paid per Share as of each such dividend payment date multiplied by the number of vested Earned Performance Units (the Earned Dividend Equivalent ). You will have no right to receive any payment of dividend equivalents with respect to Performance Units that do not become vested Earned Performance Units. All Earned Dividend Equivalents (if any) will be paid in cash on the date of the regularly scheduled payroll next following the date of distribution of Shares with respect to your vested Earned Performance Units, or as soon as administratively practicable following such date and shall be subject to all applicable withholding taxes. For any non-cash dividends, the Committee may determine in its sole discretion the cash value to be so paid to you in respect of such vested Earned Performance Units or, if applicable, the adjustment to be applied pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. 
 (b) Voting Shares . You will have the right to vote your Shares that have been distributed in respect of any vested Earned Performance Units. There are no voting rights associated with Performance Units (including Earned Performance Units). 
 (c) No Other Rights . You shall have no other dividend equivalent, dividend or voting rights with respect to any Performance Unit. 
 5. Termination of Employment (a) Termination prior to the end of the Cumulative Performance Period 
 The terms set out in subsections (i) (iii) below of this Section I.5(a) shall apply to the vesting and settlement of Earned Performance Units in the event of your termination of employment prior to the last day of the Cumulative Performance Period. (i) Death or Disability . If your employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, you will be entitled to earn a Pro-Rata Earned 

 Appendix A - 3 - 

Award. Distribution under Section I.3 in satisfaction of all such Earned Performance Units shall be made on March 15, 2026. 
 (ii) Involuntary Termination or Retirement . If your employment is terminated in an Involuntary Termination or by reason of you becoming a Retiree, you will be entitled to earn a Pro-Rata Earned Award. Distribution under Section I.3 in satisfaction of all such Earned Performance Units shall be made on March 15, 2026. 
 (iii) Other Termination of Employment . If your employment is terminated prior to the end of the Cumulative Performance Period for any reason other than those set forth in Section I.5(a)(i), I.5(a)(ii) and I.6(b), you will not be entitled to any Earned Performance Units. 
 (b) Adjustments by the Committee 
 The Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of your right to receive all or any portion of any Earned Performance Units, distributed on the distribution date under Section I.3. (c) Forfeiture of Performance Units 
 In addition to forfeitures of Performance Units pursuant to Section I.5(a) above, if you violate or fail to comply with any of the covenants or obligations applicable to you under the Executive Severance Benefit Policy, you shall immediately forfeit any Performance Units, whether or not earned. 6. Change of Control (a) Change of Control 
 Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, if you are employed by the Company on the date of such Change of Control and the Determination Date with respect to the Cumulative Performance Period or any Calendar Performance Period has not occurred, the number of Earned Performance Units to which you are entitled shall be equal to the Total Target Performance Units allocable to those periods, subject to the vesting provisions described in the Award Letter and Section I.2, I.5, and I.6(b). The Shares (or other consideration) shall be issued in satisfaction of the Earned Performance Units on the distribution date under Section I.3. (b) Change of Control Termination 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of the Award Letter or Sections I.2, I.5 or I.6(a), all of your Earned Performance Units (as described in Section I.6(a)) will vest immediately upon a Change of Control Termination and the Shares (or other consideration) shall be issued in satisfaction of the Earned Performance Units thirty days after the date of such Change of Control Termination. 
 Appendix A - 4 - 

Section II. RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS 1. Vesting and Restricted Share Units (a) Unless vested on an earlier date as provided in this Appendix A, the Restricted Share Units granted pursuant to your Award Letter will fully vest in installments in accordance with the following vesting schedule (each date below, an RSU Vesting Date provided that you remain continuously employed through the applicable RSU Vesting Date: 
 RSU Vesting Date Portion of Restricted Share Units Vesting March 1, 2024 March 1, 2025 March 1, 2026 1/3 1/3 1/3 
 To the extent that the vesting schedule above would result in vesting of a fractional Restricted Share Unit, such fractional Restricted Share Unit shall be rounded to a whole number as determined by the Committee. (b) In certain circumstances described in Section II.4 below, your Restricted Share Units may fully vest before the final scheduled RSU Vesting Date. In addition, the Committee may accelerate the vesting of all or a portion of your Restricted Share Units at any time in its discretion, subject to the provisions of Section II.4(d). The date of any accelerated vesting under Section II.4 below will be a RSU Vesting Date for purposes of this Appendix A. 
 (c) You do not need to pay any purchase price for the Restricted Share Units unless otherwise required in accordance with applicable law. 
 2. Restrictions on the Restricted Share Units Until and unless you vest in your Restricted Share Units and receive a distribution of Shares, you may not attempt to sell, transfer, assign or pledge them. Until the date on which you receive a distribution of the Shares in respect of any vested Restricted Share Units awarded hereunder, your award of Restricted Share Units will be evidenced by credit to a book entry account. When Restricted Share Units vest and become payable, the net Shares (total Shares distributable in respect of vested Restricted Share Units minus any Shares retained by the Company in accordance with the policies and requirements described in Section IV.4), will be delivered to you within sixty days after the RSU Vesting Date in street name to your brokerage account (or, in the event of your death, to a brokerage account in the name of your beneficiary under the Plan) with the Broker. Any Shares distributed to you in respect of vested Restricted Share Units will be registered in your name and will not be subject to any restrictions. There will be some delay between the RSU Vesting Date and the date your Shares become available to you due to administrative reasons. 
 Appendix A - 5 - 

3. Dividend Equivalents and Voting (a) Dividend Equivalents 
 In the event that dividends are paid with respect to Shares such that the applicable record date occurs during the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date you receive a distribution of Shares in satisfaction of your vested Restricted Share Units, you will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the amount of the dividend paid per Share as of such dividend payment date multiplied by the number of vested Restricted Share Units (the Dividend Equivalent ). Dividend Equivalents (if any) payable with respect to your vested Restricted Share Units will be paid in cash on the date of the regularly scheduled payroll next following the applicable Vesting Date, or as soon as administratively practicable following such date, and shall be subject to all applicable withholding taxes. For any non-cash dividends, the Committee may determine in its sole discretion the cash value to be so paid to you in respect of such Restricted Share Units or, if applicable, the adjustment to be applied pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan. (b) Voting Shares 
 You will have the right to vote your Shares that have been distributed in respect of any vested Restricted Share Units. There are no voting rights associated with Restricted Share Units. (c) No Other Rights 
 You shall have no other dividend equivalent, dividend or voting rights with respect to any Restricted Share Unit. 4. Termination of Employment The following rules apply to the vesting of your Restricted Share Units in the event of your termination of employment. (a) Death or Disability . If your employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, all of your Restricted Share Units will vest on your date of termination. If you are Retirement Eligible and you experience a Disability that satisfies the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4) prior to the termination of your employment, all of your Restricted Share Units will vest on the date of such Disability. 
 (b) Involuntary Termination or Retirement . If your employment is terminated in an Involuntary Termination or by reason of you becoming a Retiree, a pro rata portion of your Restricted Share Units will vest on your date of termination; such pro rata portion shall be determined by multiplying the number of Restricted Share Units granted to you and remaining outstanding and unvested at the time your employment is terminated by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days you were employed between the Grant Date and your date of termination and the denominator 

 Appendix A - 6 - 

of which is the number of calendar days between the Grant Date and the final scheduled RSU Vesting Date. 
 (c) Other Termination of Employment . If your employment terminates for any reason other than those set forth in Sections II.4(a), II.4(b) and II.5, any of your Restricted Share Units which have not vested prior to your termination of employment will be forfeited. 
 (d) Adjustments by the Committee . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting of all or any portion of your Restricted Share Units; provided, however, that no acceleration of delivery of Shares shall be made in a manner that is not in compliance with, or exempt from, any applicable requirements of Code Section 409A. 
 5. Change of Control. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Award Letter or Sections II.1 or II.4, all of your Restricted Share Units will vest immediately upon a Change of Control Termination. Section III. Miscellaneous The terms and provisions of this Section III apply to all Awards. 1. Definitions (a) Cause means (1) your willful and continued failure to substantially perform your duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from your incapacity due to physical or mental illness), (2) your willful engagement in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company or its Subsidiaries, monetarily or otherwise, (3) your willful, material breach of any written policy of the Company or any written agreement between you and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, the Company s Code of Integrity, human resource or legal compliance and ethics policies or any employment agreement, (4) your indictment of a felony or a misdemeanor involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude, or (5) such other events, acts or omissions as shall be determined in good faith. For purposes of clauses (1), (2) and (3) of this definition, no act, or failure to act, on your part shall be deemed willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by you not in good faith and without reasonable belief that your act, or failure to act, was in the best interest of the Company. 
 (b) Change of Control Termination means and occurs on the date of your termination of employment by the Company or any Subsidiary for any reason other than Cause within two years after the date of a Change of Control. 
 (c) Disability means (1) you qualify for disability benefits under a long term disability plan sponsored by the Company or (2) if you are not covered by any such long term disability plan, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or in the case of the termination of employment of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Committee, has determined that you are disabled. 

 Appendix A - 7 - 

(d) Good Reason means (1) the diminution of your duties or responsibilities, or a demotion of your position, to such an extent or in such a manner as to relegate you to a position not substantially similar to that which you held prior to such change or (2) a material reduction in your base salary or annual incentive plan opportunities other than in connection with such reductions that are applicable to the Company s executives as a group. You shall not be considered to have terminated for Good Reason unless you notify the Company in writing within 30 days of the date the event giving rise to Good Reason occurs, the Company does not cure such condition within 30 days of such notice and you terminate your employment no later than 90 days after the date the event giving rise to Good Reason occurred. 
 (e) Involuntary Termination means the termination of your employment (i) by the Company without Cause or (ii) by you for Good Reason. 
 (f) With respect to an award of Performance Units, Pro-Rata Earned Award is determined by multiplying the number of Earned Performance Units which would have otherwise been earned for each of the three Calendar Performance Periods and the Cumulative Performance Period had your employment not been terminated by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days you were employed during the period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2025 and the denominator of which is the total number of calendar days in the period beginning January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2025. 
 (g) You are a Retiree if your separation from service occurs for any reason other than Cause, Involuntary Termination, Change in Control Termination, death or Disability after (a) attainment of age 62 and (b) completion of at least five years of service with the Company or its Subsidiaries. 
 (h) With respect to an award of Restricted Share Units, Retirement Eligible means, and will apply if, your final RSU Vesting Date is scheduled to occur after the calendar year in which you will complete at least five years of service with the Company or its Subsidiaries and will attain at least age 62. 
 2. Award Determinations The Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or in the case of the termination of employment of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Committee, shall have absolute discretion to determine the date and circumstances of termination of your employment or separation from service, including without limitation whether as a result of Disability, Involuntary Termination, Cause, Good Reason or any other reason and whether you are a Retiree, and such determination shall be final, conclusive and binding upon you. 3. Section 280G Limitation Notwithstanding anything in the Award Letter (including this Appendix A) to the contrary, if all or any portion of the benefits provided hereunder, either alone or together with other payments and benefits received or to be received from the 
 Appendix A - 8 - 

Company or any affiliate or successor, would constitute a parachute payment , as such term is defined in Code Section 280G(b)(2), the aggregate of the amounts constituting the parachute payment shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999, but only if, by reason of such reduction, the net after-tax benefit shall exceed the net after-tax benefit if such reduction were not made. Net after-tax benefit for these purposes shall mean the sum of (w) the total amount payable under this Award, plus (x) all other payments and benefits which you receive or are then entitled to receive from the Company or an Affiliate that, alone or in combination with the amounts payable under the Award, would constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G, less (y) the amount of federal income taxes payable with respect to the foregoing calculated at the maximum marginal income tax rate for each year in which the foregoing shall be paid (based upon the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code at the time of the payment under the Plan), less (z) the amount of excise taxes imposed with respect to the payments and benefits described in (w) and (x) above by Code Section 4999. Such reduction shall be made to those amounts that provide you with the best economic benefit (and to the extent any payments are economically equivalent, each shall be reduced pro rata), which may include, without limitation and to the extent necessary, a reduction to the Awards or vesting of the Awards in order that this limitation not be exceeded; provided, however, that this Section IV.3 shall be superseded in its entirety by (i) any contrary treatment of parachute payments to which you have agreed in writing prior to the Change of Control pursuant to any other plan, program or agreement, or (ii) any more favorable treatment of the excise tax on parachute payments extended to you by the Company or its affiliates pursuant to any other plan, program or agreement. 4. Tax Consequences and Withholding (a) You should consult the Plan Prospectus for a general summary of the Swiss federal income tax consequences to you and, if applicable, the U.S. tax consequences to you, upon the grant, vesting or distribution to you of the Awards based on currently applicable provisions of the Code, related regulations and Swiss tax rules. The summary does not discuss state and local tax laws or the laws of any other jurisdictions, which may differ from the U.S. federal tax law and Swiss tax rules. For these reasons, you are urged to consult your own tax advisor regarding the application of the tax laws to your particular situation. 
 (b) With respect to Awards of Performance Units under Section I and Restricted Share Units under Section II, the Company shall reduce the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to you with respect to your Earned Performance Units or Restricted Share Units by a number of Shares having a value approximately equal to the amount required to be withheld under the Company s policies and procedures or applicable law. Further, any dividend equivalents paid to you in respect of Earned Performance Units or Restricted Share Units pursuant to Section I.4 or II.3, respectively, will be subject to tax withholding, as appropriate, as additional compensation. 

 Appendix A - 9 - 

(c) You may not elect to have the Broker withhold Shares having a value less than the minimum statutory withholding tax liability or, if you are serving as an expatriate employee, the standard deduction withheld in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures. If you fail to satisfy such withholding obligation in a time and manner satisfactory to the Company, the Company shall have the right to withhold the required amount from your salary or other amounts payable to you. 
 (d) In addition to the previous withholding requirements, any award under the Plan is also subject to all applicable withholding policies of the Company as may be in effect from time to time, at the sole discretion of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company expressly has the right to collect or cause to be collected, pursuant to any tax equalization or other plan or policy, as any such policies or plans may be in effect from time to time (irrespective of whether such withholding correlates to the applicable tax withholding requirement with respect to your award) proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the applicable award through a sale arranged by the Company or Broker on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent. Awards are further subject to any tax and other reporting requirement that may be applicable in any pertinent jurisdiction including any obligation to report awards (whether related to the granting or vesting thereof or exercise of rights thereunder) to any taxing authority or other pertinent third party. 
 5. Restrictions on Resale Other than the restrictions referenced in Sections I.3 and II.2, there are no restrictions imposed by the Plan on the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan. However, under the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC, resales of Shares acquired under the Plan by certain officers and directors of the Company who may be deemed to be affiliates of the Company must be made pursuant to an appropriate effective registration statement filed with the SEC, pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 issued under the Securities Act, or pursuant to another exemption from registration provided in the Securities Act. At the present time, the Company does not have a currently effective registration statement pursuant to which such resales may be made by affiliates. There are no restrictions imposed by the SEC on the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan by persons who are not affiliates of the Company; provided, however, that all employees are subject to the Company s policies against insider trading, and restrictions against resale may be imposed by the Company from time-to-time as may be necessary under applicable law. 6. Beneficiary You may designate a beneficiary to receive any portion of your Performance Units and Restricted Share Units that become due to you after your death, and you may change your beneficiary from time to time. Beneficiary designations should be filed with the Broker with respect to Performance Units and Restricted Share Units. T he beneficiary if you fail to file a designation with the Broker for the Performance Units and the Restricted Share Units, will be (1) the beneficiary you designated under any group life 
 Appendix A - 10 - 

insurance plan maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries that provides the largest death benefit, which will constitute the designated beneficiary for purposes of this Section IV.6, or, if none, (2) the executor or administrator of your estate. 7. Effect on Other Benefits Income recognized by you as a result of the grant, vesting, exercise or distribution of Shares with respect to Awards will not be included in the formula for calculating benefits under any of the Company s retirement and disability plans or any other benefit plans. 8. Code Section 409A Compliance (a) The award of Performance Units under Section I is intended to be exempt from or to comply with the provisions of Section 409A and, wherever possible, shall be consistent therewith. No action taken to comply with Section 409A shall be deemed to impair a benefit under the Award Letter or this Appendix A. 
 (b) The award of Restricted Share Units under Section II is intended to be exempt from or to comply with the provisions of Section 409A and, wherever possible, shall be interpreted consistent therewith. Specifically, (1) if you are not Retirement Eligible, the time of payment specified in Sections II.2 and II.4 is exempt from Code Section 409A as a short term deferral in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), and (2) if you are Retirement Eligible the time of payment specified with respect to Section II.4(b) is compliant with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a)(1) and is compliant with Code Section 409A as being paid pursuant to a permissible payment date of separation from service under U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) and the time of payment specified in Section II.4(a) with respect to Disability is compliant with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(a)(2) and is compliant with Code Section 409A as being paid pursuant to the permissible payment event of disability under U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4). If you are Retirement Eligible, you will not be considered to have a termination from employment unless such termination meets the requirements for a separation from service within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), if applicable. If you are a specified employee on the date of your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the time of payment otherwise specified in the Award Letter or this Appendix A will be deferred to the extent required by Code Section 409A. No action taken to comply with Code Section 409A shall be deemed to impair a benefit under the Award Letter or this Appendix A. 

 Appendix A - 11 - 

Exhibit A to Performance Unit Award A. Weighting of Total Target Performance Units 
 Total Earned Performance Units will be based on achievement of relative TSR performance, subject to an adjustment based on the Company s absolute TSR. Your total Earned Performance Units, if any, will be the number of Target Performance Units that become Earned Performance Units, with 20 of the Total Target Performance Units weighted to each of the Calendar Performance Periods, and 40 of the Total Target Performance Units weighted to the Cumulative Performance Period. The maximum number of Earned Performance Units that you may receive is 200 of the Total Target Performance Units described in your Award Letter. If any calculation with respect to the Earned Performance Units would result in a fractional share, the numbers of Earned Performance Units shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. B. Committee Methodology for TSR The Committee will make a determination on the Determination Date with respect to the achievement of TSR (as defined under Section C below) by the Company and the members of its peer group (as described under Section C below) and the number of Target Performance Units, if any, that become Earned Performance Units based on achievement of Relative Performance and Threshold Performance (as those terms are defined below). Relative Performance shall be determined by ranking the Company, along with the other companies in its peer group, from best to worst based on TSR, and then determining the percentile ranking to assess the number of Earned Performance Units as described below. If, during the applicable Calendar or Cumulative Performance Period, (i) any peer group company files for or is the subject of any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, (ii) any peer group company continues to exist but is no longer publicly traded on an established securities market as a result of a de-listing event (other than due to an acquisition), or (iii) any other corporate financial restructuring event, condition or circumstance exists that, in the determination of the Committee, causes a peer performance to no longer be appropriate for a TSR comparison, such peer group company will remain in the peer group positioned below the lowest performing member of the peer group in chronological order by the date of such bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, de-listing or other event, condition or circumstance for the applicable period. In the event that a peer group company is subject to a transaction in which more than 50 of the value of the company s outstanding shares immediately prior to the transaction are acquired by another person or entity, such company shall be removed from the peer group company listing for the applicable period in which the transaction occurred. The Company s percentile ranking in its peer group shall determine the number of TSR Performance Units that become Earned Performance Units due to Relative Performance based on the following schedule: Transocean Percentile Percentage of TSR Performance Units Becoming Earned Performance Units Relative Performance 90th Percentile or Greater 200 50th Percentile 100 25th Percentile 50 Less than 25th Percentile 0 

 Appendix A - 12 - 

For any achievement of a percentile ranking between the percentiles set forth in the schedule above, the number of Total Performance Units that become Earned Performance Units due to Relative Performance will be determined by linear interpolation between the percentages assigned in the schedule above. If the Company s absolute TSR is less than -15 in any of the Calendar or Cumulative Performance Periods, then no more than 100 of your Performance Units will become Earned Performance Units in the relevant period. If the Company s absolute TSR is greater than 15 in any of the Calendar or Cumulative Performance Periods Threshold Performance ), a minimum of 50 of your Performance Units will become Earned Performance Units in the relevant period. If the Threshold Performance is achieved, the total number of Earned Performance Units can be increased, but not decreased, based on achievement of Relative Performance for the Calendar Performance Periods and the Cumulative Performance Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Price Cap will apply such that if the Fair Market Value of a Share exceeds 20, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan, on the applicable Determination Date at the end of the Cumulative Performance Period, the number of Performance Units that would have become Earned Performance Units due to either the Relative Performance or Threshold Performance will be reduced by multiplying such number of Earned Performance Units by a fraction, the numerator of which is 20, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 15 of the Plan, and the denominator of which is the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Determination Date. If the Price Cap applies, delivery of a number of Shares equal to such reduced number of Earned Performance Units will be in full satisfaction of the Performance Units. As an example of the application of the Price Cap, if 100 Performance Units would become Earned Performance Units based on the schedule due to Relative Performance and the Fair Market Value of a Share is 25 on the Determination Date, 80 Shares will be delivered in settlement of the Performance Units (100 x 20/25). C. Definition of Total Shareholder Return Total Shareholder Return TSR through the Calendar or Cumulative Performance Period is based on the comparison of the average closing share price for the thirty (30) business days prior to start of the applicable Calendar or Cumulative Performance Period and the average closing share price for the last thirty (30) business days in the applicable Performance Period, adjusted for dividends. The same calculation is conducted for the Company and each of the companies in the peer group. D. Peer Group The peer group shall consist of: Aker Solutions ASA Oil States International, Inc. Baker Hughes Company Saipem SpA Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. Seadrill Limited Noble Corporation Plc Subsea 7 S.A. NOV Inc. TechnipFMC plc Oceaneering International, Inc. Tidewater Inc. Odfjell Drilling Ltd. Valaris Limited 
 
 Appendix A - 13 - 

NOTE: The Committee has the sole authority to interpret the terms of this Exhibit A, including the formula for TSR. The Committee s determination of all matters in connection with the award will be final and binding. 
 Appendix A - 14 - 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-21>
 4
 rig-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF TRANSOCEAN LTD. (as of December 31, 2022) Entity Jurisdiction 15375 Memorial Corporation Delaware Agon Shipping Inc. Marshall Islands Aguas Profundas, Limitada Angola Angola Deepwater Drilling Company (Offshore Services) Ltd Cayman Islands AngoSantaFe - Prestacao de Servicos Petroliferos, Limitada Angola Arcade Drilling AS Norway Asie Sonat Offshore Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Blegra Asset Management Limited Cyprus Blegra Financing Limited Cyprus Challenger Minerals Inc. California Covent Garden - Servi os e Marketing, Sociedade Unipessoal Lda Portugal Deepwater Drilling (Transocean Ghana) Limited Ghana Deepwater Drilling North Africa LLC - Free Zone Egypt Deepwater Pacific 1 Inc. Cayman Islands Deepwater Supply Inc. Delaware Drillship Alonissos Owners Inc. Marshall Islands Drillship Hydra Owners Inc. Marshall Islands Drillship Kithira Owners Inc. Marshall Islands Drillship Paros Owners Inc. Marshall Islands Drillship Skopelos Owners Inc. Marshall Islands Drillship Skyros Owners Inc. Marshall Islands Eastern Med Consultants Inc. Marshall Islands Entities Holdings, Inc. Delaware Global Marine Inc. Delaware Global Offshore Drilling Limited Nigeria GlobalSantaFe (Labuan) Inc. Malaysia GlobalSantaFe B.V. Netherlands GlobalSantaFe Denmark Holdings ApS Denmark GlobalSantaFe Drilling (N.A.) N.V. Netherlands Antilles GlobalSantaFe Drilling Company Delaware GlobalSantaFe Drilling Company (North Sea) Limited England Wales GlobalSantaFe Drilling Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico GlobalSantaFe Drilling Operations Inc. Cayman Islands GlobalSantaFe Drilling Trinidad LLC Delaware GlobalSantaFe Drilling Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela GlobalSantaFe Financial Services (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. Luxembourg GlobalSantaFe Group Financing Limited Liability Company Hungary GlobalSantaFe Holding Company (North Sea) Limited England Wales 

Exhibit 21 
 GlobalSantaFe Hungary Services Limited Liability Company Hungary GlobalSantaFe International Drilling Corporation Bahamas GlobalSantaFe International Drilling Inc. Cayman Islands GlobalSantaFe International Services Inc. Cayman Islands GlobalSantaFe Nederland B.V. Netherlands GlobalSantaFe Offshore Services Inc. Cayman Islands GlobalSantaFe Operations (Mexico) LLC Delaware GlobalSantaFe Saudi Arabia Ltd. Cayman Islands GlobalSantaFe Services (BVI) Inc. Cayman Islands GlobalSantaFe Services Netherlands B.V. Netherlands GlobalSantaFe Servicios de Venezuela, C.A. Venezuela GlobalSantaFe South America LLC Delaware GlobalSantaFe Tampico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico GlobalSantaFe U.S. Holdings Inc. Delaware GSF Leasing Services GmbH Switzerland Indigo Drilling Limited Nigeria Inteliwell JV GP Limited Cayman Islands Inteliwell JV, LP Cayman Islands Kalambo Operations Inc. Marshall Islands Ocean Rig 2 Inc. Marshall Islands Ocean Rig Canada Inc. Nova Scotia Ocean Rig Cubango Operations Inc. Marshall Islands Ocean Rig Investments Inc. Marshall Islands Ocean Rig Management Inc. Marshall Islands Ocean Rig Operations Inc. Marshall Islands Ocean Rig UDW Inc. Cayman Islands Ocean Rig UDW LLC Delaware OCR Falklands Drilling Inc. Marshall Islands Offshore Ghana Transocean Limited Ghana Olympia Rig Angola Holding, S.A. Angola Olympia Rig Angola, Limitada Angola OR Norge Operations Inc. Marshall Islands Orion Holdings (Cayman) Limited Cayman Islands Orion RigCo (Cayman) Limited Cayman Islands P.T. Santa Fe Supraco Indonesia Indonesia Platform Capital N.V. Netherlands Antilles Platform Financial N.V. Netherlands Antilles Primelead Limited Cyprus PT. Transocean Indonesia Indonesia R B Falcon (A) Pty Ltd Western Australia R B Falcon (Caledonia) Limited England Wales R B Falcon (M) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia R B Falcon (U.K.) Limited England Wales 

Exhibit 21 
 R B Falcon B.V. Netherlands R B Falcon Deepwater (UK) Limited England Wales R B Falcon Drilling Co. LLC Delaware R B Falcon Exploration Co., LLC Oklahoma R B Falcon International Energy Services B.V. Netherlands Ranger Insurance Limited Cayman Islands RBF Rig Corporation, LLC Delaware Reading Bates Coal Co., LLC Nevada Safemal Drilling Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Santa Fe Braun Inc. Delaware Santa Fe Construction Company Delaware Santa Fe Drilling Company of Venezuela, C.A. California Saudi Drilling Company Limited Saudi Arabia SDS Offshore Limited England Wales Sedco Forex International, Inc. Cayman Islands Services Petroliers Transocean France Servicios Petroleros Santa Fe, S.A. Venezuela Ship Investment Ocean Holdings Inc. Marshall Islands Songa Offshore Delta Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Drilling Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Enabler Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Encourage Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Endurance Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Equinox Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Equipment Rental Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Songa Offshore Management Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Songa Offshore Rig 2 AS Norway Songa Offshore Rig 3 AS Norway Songa Offshore Saturn Limited Cyprus Songa Offshore SE Cyprus Songa Offshore T P Cyprus Limited Cyprus Sub-Saharan Drilling Inc. Marshall Islands T. I. International Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico TILAM Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Africa Drilling Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Asia Services Sdn Bhd Malaysia Transocean Asset Holdings 1 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Asset Holdings 2 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Asset Holdings 3 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Atlas Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Barents ASA Norway 

Exhibit 21 
 Transocean Brasil Ltda. Brazil Transocean Britannia Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Canada Drilling Services Ltd. Nova Scotia Transocean Conqueror Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Conqueror Opco LLC Delaware Transocean Corporate Services Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Cyprus Capital Management Public Limited Cyprus Transocean Cyprus Drilling Operations Public Limited Cyprus Transocean Deepwater Drilling Services Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Deepwater Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Deepwater Inc. Delaware Transocean Deepwater Mauritius Mauritius Transocean Deepwater Nautilus Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Deepwater Seafarer Services Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Discoverer 534 LLC Delaware Transocean Drilling Enterprises S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Transocean Drilling Israel Ltd. Cayman Islands Transocean Drilling Limited Scotland Transocean Drilling Namibia Inc. Cayman Islands Transocean Drilling Offshore S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Transocean Drilling Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Transocean Drilling Services (India) Private Limited India Transocean Drilling U.K. Limited Scotland Transocean DWA Limited Cayman Islands Transocean DWL Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Eastern Pte. Ltd. Singapore Transocean Employee Support Fund Texas Transocean Enabler Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Enabler Rigco Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Encourage Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Encourage Rigco Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Endurance Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Endurance Rigco Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Entities Holdings GmbH Switzerland Transocean Equinox Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Equinox Rigco Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Finance Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Financing (Cayman) Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Financing GmbH Switzerland Transocean Guardian Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Holdings 1 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Holdings 2 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Holdings 3 Limited Cayman Islands 

Exhibit 21 
 Transocean Holdings LLC Delaware Transocean Hungary Holdings LLC Hungary Transocean Hungary Investments LLC Hungary Transocean Hungary Ventures LLC Hungary Transocean Inc. Cayman Islands Transocean Innovation Labs Ltd. Cayman Islands Transocean International Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean International Resources, Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Investimentos Ltda. Brazil Transocean Investments Holdings LLC Delaware Transocean Investments S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Transocean Ltd. Switzerland Transocean Management Services GmbH Switzerland Transocean Minerals Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Nautilus Limited Cayman Islands Transocean North Sea Limited Bahamas Transocean Norway Operations AS Norway Transocean Offshore (North Sea) Ltd. Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Deepwater Drilling Inc. Delaware Transocean Offshore Deepwater Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Drilling Limited England Wales Transocean Offshore Gulf of Guinea II Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Gulf of Guinea VI Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Gulf of Guinea VII Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Gulf of Guinea XII Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Gulf of Guinea XIII Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore International Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore International Ventures Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore Limited Delaware Transocean Offshore PR Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Offshore USA Inc. Delaware Transocean Onshore Support Services Limited Scotland Transocean Orion Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Phoenix 2 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Phoenix 2 Opco LLC Delaware Transocean Pontus Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Pontus Opco, Inc. Delaware Transocean Poseidon Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Poseidon Opco, Inc. Delaware Transocean Proteus Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Proteus Opco LLC Delaware Transocean Quantum Holdings Limited Cayman Islands 

Exhibit 21 
 Transocean Quantum Management Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Quantum Rig Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Quantum Sentry Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Rig 140 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Rig Management Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Rig Ventures Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Sedco Forex Ventures Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Sentry Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Services (India) Private Limited India Transocean Services AS Norway Transocean Skyros Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Spitsbergen ASA Norway Transocean SPSF Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Sub Asset Holdings 1 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Sub Asset Holdings 2 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Sub Asset Holdings 3 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Support Services Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Support Services Nigeria Limited Nigeria Transocean Support Services Private Limited India Transocean Technical Services Egypt LLC Egypt Transocean Titan Financing Limited Cayman Islands Transocean U.S. Holdings LLC Delaware Transocean UK Limited England Wales Transocean Voyager 1 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Voyager 2 Limited Cayman Islands Transocean West Africa Holdings Limited Cayman Islands Transocean Worldwide Inc. Cayman Islands Triton Asset Leasing GmbH Switzerland Triton Atlas GmbH Switzerland Triton Capital I GmbH Switzerland Triton Capital II GmbH Switzerland Triton Capital Mexico GmbH Switzerland Triton Conqueror GmbH Switzerland Triton Corcovado LLC Hungary Triton Financing LLC Hungary Triton Gemini GmbH Switzerland Triton Holdings Limited British Virgin Islands Triton Hungary Asset Management LLC Hungary Triton Hungary Investments 1 Limited Liability Company Hungary Triton Industries, Inc. Cayman Islands Triton KG2 GmbH Switzerland Triton Management Services LLC Hungary Triton Mykonos LLC Hungary 

Exhibit 21 
 Triton Nautilus Asset Leasing GmbH Switzerland Triton Nautilus Asset Management LLC Hungary Triton Offshore Leasing Services Limited Malaysia Triton Poseidon GmbH Switzerland Triton Titan GmbH Switzerland Triton Voyager Asset Leasing GmbH Switzerland TRM Holdings Limited Cayman Islands TSSA - Servicos de Apoio, Lda. Angola Wilrig Offshore (UK) Limited England Wales 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 rig-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-46374-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendments on Form S-8 and Form S-3, (2) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-54668-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendments on Form S-8 and Form S-3, (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-64776-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendments on Form S-8, (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-12475-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendments on Form S-8, (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-58211-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendments on Form S-8, (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-58203-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendments on Form S-8, (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-94543-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-94569-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (9) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-94551-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (10) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-75532-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (11) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-75540-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (12) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-106026-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (13) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-115456-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (14) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-130282-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (15) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-147669-99) as amended by Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-8, (16) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-163320), (17) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-204359), (18) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-213146) as supplemented by Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-214768), (19) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-220791), (20) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-222894), (21) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-222895), (22) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-222896), (23) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-227487), (24) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-227750), (25) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238091), (26) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-248616); (27) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-257093); and (28) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-257804); of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Transocean Ltd. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Transocean Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Houston, Texas February 22, 202 3 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 6
 rig-20221231xex24.htm
 EX-24

Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Chadwick C. Deaton Name: Chadwick C. Deaton 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in her capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, her true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in her name, place and stead, in her capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Diane de Saint Victor Name: Diane de Saint Victor 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Edward R. Muller Name: Edward R. Muller 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Frederico F. Curado Name: Frederico F. Curado 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Frederik W. Mohn Name: Frederik W. Mohn 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Glyn A. Barker Name: Glyn A. Barker 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Jeremy D. Thigpen Name: Jeremy D. Thigpen 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in her capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, her true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in her name, place and stead, in her capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Margareth vrum Name: Margareth vrum 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Samuel J. Merksamer Name: Samuel J. Merksamer 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in her capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, her true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in her name, place and stead, in her capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Vanessa C.L. Chang Name: Vanessa C. L. Chang 

 Exhibit 24 
 TRANSOCEAN LTD. Power of Attorney WHEREAS, TRANSOCEAN LTD., a Swiss company (the Company ), intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, together with any and all exhibits, documents and other instruments and documents necessary, advisable or appropriate in connection therewith, including any amendments thereto (the Form 10-K NOW, THEREFORE, the undersigned, in his capacity as a director or officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, does hereby appoint Jeremy D. Thigpen, Mark L. Mey, Brady K. Long, Sandro Thoma, David Tonnel, and Daniel Ro-Trock, and each of them severally, his true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, in his capacity as director, officer or both, as the case may be, of the Company, the Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary, appropriate or advisable in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto. Each of said attorneys shall have the full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in any and all capacities, every act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts that said attorneys and each of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this power of attorney as of the 22nd day of February 2023. By: /s/ Vincent J. Intrieri Name: Vincent J. Intrieri 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 rig-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeremy D. Thigpen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Transocean Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 22, 2023 /s/ Jeremy D. Thigpen Jeremy D. Thigpen Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 rig-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mark L. Mey, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Transocean Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 22, 2023 /s/ Mark L. Mey Mark L. Mey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 rig-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Jeremy D. Thigpen, Chief Executive Officer of Transocean Ltd., a Swiss corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: (1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 22, 2023 /s/ Jeremy D. Thigpen Jeremy D. Thigpen Chief Executive Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 rig-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), I, Mark L. Mey, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Transocean Ltd., a Swiss corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: (1) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: February 22, 2023 /s/ Mark L. Mey Mark L. Mey Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 rig-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 rig-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 rig-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 rig-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

