<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1018840_0001018840-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15025475</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1053962</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3038982</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5495831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2952920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2144301</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001018840-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327172254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001018840-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001018840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-FAMILY CLOTHING STORES [5651]
		IRS NUMBER:				311469076
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12107
		FILM NUMBER:		23765486

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6301 FITCH PATH
		CITY:			NEW ALBANY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6142836500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6301 FITCH PATH
		CITY:			NEW ALBANY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43054

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001018840-23-000011.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 anf-20230128.htm
 10-K

anf-20230128 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. x 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes x No 
 Aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A Common Stock (the only outstanding common equity of the registrant) held by non-affiliates of the registrant (for this purpose, executive officers and directors of the registrant are considered affiliates) as of July 29, 2022: . Number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of March 24, 2023: shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (loss) Income 
 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 45 
 Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 46 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 76 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 76 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 79 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 79 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 79 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 79 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 80 
 Index to Exhibits 
 81 
 Signatures 
 84 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors, many of which may be beyond our control. Words such as estimate, project, plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, should, are confident, will, could , outlook, or the negative versions of those words or other comparable words and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact revenue and profitability are difficult to predict. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. Factors that could cause results to differ from those expressed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risks described or referenced in ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and otherwise in our reports and filings with the SEC, as well as the following: 
 
 risks related to changes in global economic and financial conditions, including volatility in the financial markets as a result of the failure, or rumored failure, of financial institutions, and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, as well as other changes in consumer discretionary spending habits; 
 risks related to recent inflationary pressures with respect to labor and raw materials and global supply chain constraints that have, and could continue to, affect freight, transit and other costs; 
 risks and uncertainty related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any other adverse public health developments; 
 risks related to geopolitical conflict, including the on-going hostilities in Ukraine, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events, social unrest, civil disturbance or disobedience; 
 risks related to natural disasters and other unforeseen catastrophic events; 
 risks related to our failure to engage our customers, anticipate customer demand and changing fashion trends, and manage our inventory; 
 risks related to our ability to successfully invest in and execute on our customer, digital and omnichannel initiatives; 
 risks related to the effects of seasonal fluctuations on our sales and our performance during the back-to-school and holiday selling seasons; 
 risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 risks related to fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate, including as a result of earnings and losses generated from our international operations; 
 risks related to our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives, including those outlined in our Always Forward Plan 
 risks related to international operations, including changes in the economic or political conditions where we sell or source our products or changes in import tariffs or trade restrictions; 
 risks related to cybersecurity threats and privacy or data security breaches; 
 risks related to the potential loss or disruption of our information systems; 
 risks related to the continued validity of our trademarks and our ability to protect our intellectual property; 
 risks associated with climate change and other corporate responsibility issues; and 
 uncertainties related to future legislation, regulatory reform, policy changes, or interpretive guidance on existing legislation. 
 
 In light of the significant uncertainties in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us, or any other person, that our objectives will be achieved. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on information presently available to our management and speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. Except as may be required by applicable law, we assume no obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements, including any financial targets and estimates, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. As used herein, Abercrombie Fitch Co., the Company, we, us, our, and similar terms include Abercrombie Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 3 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. A F ), a company incorporated in Delaware in 1996, through its subsidiaries (collectively, A F and its subsidiaries are referred to as the Company, we, us, and our ), is a global, digitally-led omnichannel retailer. The Company offers a broad assortment of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids, which are sold primarily through its digital channels and Company-owned stores, as well as through various third-party arrangements. The Company s two brand-based operating segments are Hollister, which includes the Company s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and Abercrombie, which includes the Company s Abercrombie Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These five brands share a commitment to offering unique products of enduring quality and exceptional comfort that allow customers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The Company operates primarily in North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia. 
 
 The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. This typically results in a fifty-two-week year, but occasionally gives rise to an additional week, resulting in a fifty-three-week year. Fiscal years are designated in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, as well as the remainder of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commenced. All references herein to the Company s fiscal years are as follows: 
 Fiscal year Year ended / ending Number of weeks Fiscal 2020 January 30, 2021 52 Fiscal 2021 January 29, 2022 52 Fiscal 2022 January 28, 2023 52 Fiscal 2023 February 3, 2024 53 
 
 For additional information about the Company s business, see ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS , as well as ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Current Economic Environment 
 
 The current economic environment remained challenging in Fiscal 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the global economy continued to impact the Company s operations in Fiscal 2022, including through temporary store closures. While trends in the severity of new cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. improved throughout Fiscal 2022, caseloads have periodically increased in certain global regions, most notably, in the Asia-Pacific Region APAC in conjunction with the easing of strict lockdowns and zero-tolerance policy shutdowns in China. 
 
 In addition, while the direct impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have shown signs of abatement, the Company has experienced various other adverse impacts in the current economic environment, including supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures including higher freight and labor costs, labor shortages, and weak store traffic. 
 
 The adverse consequences of the pandemic and of the current economic environment continue to impact the Company and may persist for some time. The Company will continue to assess impacts on its operations and financial condition, and will respond as it deems appropriate. 
 
 For further information about COVID-19, refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , and ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ," of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 4 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 BRANDS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION 
 
 The Company s brands are as follows: 
 Brand Description Hollister The quintessential apparel brand of the global teen consumer, Hollister Co. believes in liberating the spirit of an endless summer inside everyone. At Hollister, summer isn t just a season, it s a state of mind. Hollister creates carefree style designed to make all teens feel celebrated and comfortable in their own skin, so they can live in a summer mindset all year long, whatever the season. 
 Gilly Hicks At Gilly Hicks, we know that 10 minutes of activity a day can lead to a happier life. That's why we offer active lifestyle products to help Gen Z customers create happiness through movement. 
 Social Tourist Social Tourist is the creative vision of Hollister and social media personalities Dixie and Charli D Amelio. The lifestyle brand creates trend-forward apparel that allows brand lovers to experiment with their style, while exploring the duality of who they are both on social media and in real life. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Abercrombie Fitch believes that every day should feel as exceptional as the start of the long weekend. Since 1892, the brand has been a specialty retailer of quality apparel, outerwear and fragrance - designed to inspire our global customers to feel confident, be comfortable and face their Fierce. 
 abercrombie kids A global specialty retailer of quality, comfortable, made-to-play favorites, abercrombie kids sees the world through kids eyes, where play is life and every day is an opportunity to be anything and better everything. 

The Company determines its segments after taking into consideration a variety of factors, including its organizational structure and the basis that it uses to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company s two operating segments as of January 28, 2023 are brand-based: Hollister, which includes the Company s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and Abercrombie, which includes the Company s Abercrombie Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These operating segments have similar economic characteristics, classes of consumers, products, and production and distribution methods, operate in the same regulatory environments, and have been aggregated into one reportable segment. Additional information concerning the Company s segment and geographic information is contained in Note 17, SEGMENT REPORTING of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

STRATEGY AND KEY BUSINESS PRIORITIES 
 
 The Company remains committed to, and confident in, its long-term vision of being a leading digitally-led omnichannel global apparel retailer. The Company continues to evaluate opportunities to make progress toward initiatives that support this vision, while balancing the near-term challenges and the continued global uncertainty presented by the changing macroeconomic and geopolitical environment. 
 
 Always Forward Plan 
 
 During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company announced its 2025 Always Forward Plan, which outlines the Company s long-term strategy and goals, including growing shareholder value. The Always Forward Plan is anchored on three strategic growth principles, which are to: 
 Execute focused brand growth plans; 
 Accelerate an enterprise-wide digital revolution; and 
 Operate with financial discipline. 
 
 The following focus areas for Fiscal 2023 serve as a framework for the Company s goal of achieving sustainable long-term growth and progressing toward the Always Forward Plan: 
 Execute brand growth plans 
 Drive Abercrombie brands through marketing and store investment; 
 Optimize the Hollister product and brand voice to enable second half growth; and 
 Support Gilly Hicks growth with an evolved assortment mix 
 Execute an enterprise-wide digital revolution 
 Complete the current phase of our modernization efforts around key data platforms; 
 Continue to progress on our multi-year ERP transformation and cloud migration journey; and 
 Improve our digital and app experience across key parts of the customer journey 
 Operate with financial discipline 
 Maintain appropriately lean inventory levels that put Abercrombie and Hollister in a position to chase inventory throughout the year; and 
 Properly balance investments, inflation and efficiency efforts to improve profitability 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 5 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

OVERVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Omnichannel Initiatives 
 
 As customer shopping preferences continue to shift and customers increasingly shop across multiple channels, the Company aims to create best-in-class customer experiences and grow total company profitability by delivering improvements through a continuous test-and-learn approach. With the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in Fiscal 2020, the Company experienced an acceleration in sales fulfilled through digital channels. Despite, this acceleration in the shift towards digital channels, stores continue to be an important part of the customers omnichannel experience and the Company believes that the customers experience is improved by its offering of omnichannel capabilities, which include: 
 Purchase-Online-Pickup-in-Store, allowing customers to purchase merchandise through one of the Company s websites or mobile apps and pick-up the merchandise in store, which often drives incremental in-store sales; 
 Curbside pickup at a majority of U.S. locations; 
 Same-day delivery service across its entire U.S. store fleet. Each brand s website features a Get It Fast filter to easily find products that are available, or shoppers can choose the same-day delivery option for available items at checkout; 
 Order-in-Store, allowing customers to shop the brands in-store and online offerings while in-store; 
 Reserve-in-Store, allowing customers to reserve merchandise online and try it on in-store before purchasing; 
 Ship-from-Store, which allows the Company to ship in-store merchandise to customers and increases inventory productivity; and 
 Cross-channel returns, allowing customers to return merchandise purchased through one channel to a different channel. 
 
 The Company also believes that its loyalty programs, Hollister House Rewards and Abercrombie s myAbercrombie , are important enablers of its omnichannel strategy as the Company aims to seamlessly interact and connect with customers across all touchpoints through members-only offers, items and experiences. Under these programs, customers accumulate points primarily based on purchase activity and earn rewards as points are converted at certain thresholds. These rewards can be redeemed for merchandise discounts either in-store or online. The loyalty programs continue to provide timely customer insights, and the Company believes these programs contribute to higher average transaction value. 
 
 Digital Operations 
 
 In order to create a more seamless shopping experience for its customers, the Company continues to invest in its digital infrastructure. The Company has the capability to ship merchandise to customers in more than 110 countries and process transactions in 26 currencies and through 25 forms of payment globally. The Company operates desktop and mobile websites for its brands globally, which are available in various local languages, and four mobile apps. In the third quarter of Fiscal 2022 the Company launched Share2Pay TM , a new payment feature in the Company s mobile apps that allows customers to easily share their digital shopping bags with a purchaser to complete the purchase. Initially available exclusively in the Hollister mobile app, as of the first quarter of Fiscal 2023, Share2Pay TM is available across each of the Company s mobile apps. The Company continues to develop its mobile capabilities as mobile engagement continues to grow, with over 83 of the Company s digital traffic generated from mobile devices in Fiscal 2022. In addition, in its efforts to expand its international brand reach, the Company also partners with certain third-party e-commerce platforms. 
 
 Store Operations 
 
 The Company continues to thoughtfully open new stores and invest in smaller omni-enabled store experiences that align with local customer shopping preferences. New store formats are designed to provide the opportunity for higher productivity through a smaller footprint. During Fiscal 2022, the Company opened 59 new store locations, remodeled one store location and right-sized an additional eight store locations. These stores are designed to be open and inviting, and include accommodating features such as innovative fitting rooms and omnichannel capabilities. Also included in our new store openings for Fiscal 2022 are 14 Gilly Hicks stand-alone locations. These stores are tailored to reflect the personality of each brand, with unique furniture, fixtures, music and scent adding to a rich brand experience. The Company s stores continue to play an essential role in creating brand awareness and serving as physical gateways to the brands. Stores also serve as local hubs for online engagement as the Company continues to grow its omnichannel capabilities to create seamless shopping experiences. 
 
 The Company continues to evaluate and manage its store fleet through its ongoing global store network optimization initiative and has taken actions to optimize store productivity by remodeling, right-sizing or relocating stores to smaller square footage locations, and closing legacy stores. As part of this initiative, the Company closed 26 stores during Fiscal 2022. The actions taken in Fiscal 2022 continued to transform the Company's operating model and reposition the Company for the future as the Company continues to focus on aligning store square footage with digital penetration. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 6 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 As of January 28, 2023, all of the retail stores operated by the Company are located in leased facilities, primarily in shopping centers. These leases generally have initial terms of between five and ten years. Certain leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The leases expire at various dates between Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2033. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company operated 762 retail stores as detailed in the table below: 
 Hollister (1) 
 Abercrombie (2) 
 Total (3) 
 Europe 107 20 127 Asia 28 20 48 Canada 9 4 13 Middle East 5 9 14 International 149 53 202 United States 380 180 560 Total 529 233 762 
 
 (1) Includes the Hollister and Gilly Hicks brands. Locations with Gilly Hicks carveouts within Hollister stores are represented as a single store count. Excludes 12 international franchise stores and 16 U.S. Company-operated temporary stores as of January 28, 2023. 
 (2) Includes Abercrombie Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. Locations with abercrombie kids carveouts within Abercrombie Fitch stores are represented as a single store count. Excludes 23 international franchise stores and three U.S. Company-operated temporary stores as of January 28, 2023. 
 (3) This store count excludes one international third-party operated multi-brand outlet store as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 For store count and gross square footage by brand and geographic region as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS . 
 
 Third-Party Operations 
 
 The Company seeks to expand its international brand reach, create brand awareness and develop local presence through various wholesale, franchise, and licensing arrangements. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had ten wholesale partnerships, primarily internationally. As of January 28, 2023, the Company s franchisees operated 35 international franchise stores across the Company s brands located in Mexico, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. 

SOURCING OF MERCHANDISE INVENTORY 
 
 The Company works with its network of third-party vendors to supply compelling, high-quality product assortments to its customers. These vendors are expected to operate in compliance with the laws of their respective countries and all other applicable laws, rules, and regulations and have committed to follow the standards set forth in the Company s Vendor Code of Conduct, regarding human rights, labor rights, environmental responsibility and workplace safety. 
 
 The Company sourced merchandise through approximately 119 vendors located in 16 countries, including the U.S., during Fiscal 2022. The Company s largest vendor accounted for approximately 12 of merchandise sourced in Fiscal 2022, based on the cost of sourced merchandise. The Company believes its product sourcing is appropriately distributed among vendors. 
 
 Refer to Note 5, INVENTORIES , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of inventory sourced based on vendor location and dollar cost of merchandise receipts during Fiscal 2022. 

DISTRIBUTION OF MERCHANDISE INVENTORY 
 
 The Company s distribution network is built to deliver inventory to Company-operated and international franchise stores and fulfill digital and wholesale orders with speed and efficiency. Generally, merchandise is shipped directly from vendors to the Company s distribution centers, where it is received and inspected before being shipped to the Company s stores or its digital or wholesale customers. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 7 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The Company relies on both Company-owned and third-party distribution centers to manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of its merchandise. Additional information pertaining to certain of the Company s distribution centers as of January 28, 2023 follows: 
 Location Company-owned or third-party New Albany, Ohio (Primarily serves store and digital operations) Company-owned New Albany, Ohio (Serves only digital operations) Company-owned Bergen op Zoom, Netherlands Third-party Shanghai, China Third-party Goodyear, Arizona (Serves only digital operations) Third-party 
 
 The Company primarily used seven contract carriers to ship merchandise and related materials to its North American customers, and several contract carriers for its international customers during Fiscal 2022. 

COMPETITION 
 
 The Company operates in a rapidly evolving and highly competitive retail business environment. Competitors include: individual and chain specialty apparel retailers; local, regional, national and international department stores; discount stores; and digitally-native brands and online-exclusive businesses. Additionally, the Company competes for consumers discretionary spend with businesses in other product and experiential categories such as technology, restaurants, travel and media content. 
 
 The Company competes primarily on the basis of differentiating its brands from those of its competition through product, providing higher quality and increased newness; brand voice, amplifying and consolidating brand messaging; and experience, investing in immersive, participatory omnichannel shopping environments. 
 
 Operating in a highly competitive industry environment can cause the Company to engage in greater than expected promotional activity, which would result in pressure on average unit retail and gross profit. Refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS - Our failure to operate in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry could have a material adverse impact on our business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of the potential impacts competition may have on the Company. 

SEASONAL BUSINESS 
 
 Historically, the Company s operations have been seasonal in nature and consist of two principal selling seasons: the spring season, which includes the first and second fiscal quarters Spring and the fall season, which includes the third and fourth fiscal quarters Fall ). The Company experiences its greatest sales activity during Fall, due to back-to-school and holiday sales periods. Refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 

TRADEMARKS 
 
 The trademarks Abercrombie Fitch , abercrombie , Hollister , Gilly Hicks , Social Tourist and the Moose and Seagull logos are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and registered, or the Company has applications for registration pending, with the registries of countries in key markets within the Company s sales and distribution channels. In addition, these trademarks are either registered, or the Company has applications for registration pending, with the registries of many of the foreign countries in which the manufacturers of the Company s products are located. The Company has also registered, or has applied to register, certain other trademarks in the U.S. and around the world. The Company believes its products are identified by its trademarks and, therefore, its trademarks are of significant value. Each registered trademark has a duration of 10 to 20 years, depending on the date it was registered, and the country in which it is registered, and is subject to an indefinite number of renewals for a like period upon continued use and appropriate application. The Company intends to continue using its core trademarks and to timely renew each of its registered trademarks that remain in use. 

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS 
 
 The Company s owned and third-party-operated management information technology systems consist of a full range of retail, merchandising, human resource and financial systems. These systems include applications related to point-of-sale, digital operations, inventory management, supply chain, planning, sourcing, merchandising, payroll, scheduling and financial reporting. The Company continues to invest in technology to upgrade its core systems to enhance reporting and analytics, create efficiencies and to support its digital operations, omnichannel capabilities, customer relationship management tools and loyalty programs. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 8 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

WORKING CAPITAL 
 
 Refer to ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the Company s cash requirements and sources of cash available for working capital needs and investment opportunities. 

HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 The Company strives to create a culture that not only drives strategic and key business priorities forward, but is welcoming, inclusive, diverse and encourages associates to create a positive impact in their global communities. The Company believes that the strength of its unique culture is a competitive advantage, and intends to continue building upon that culture to improve performance across its business. 
 
 Therefore, the Company believes that the attraction, retention, and management of qualified talent representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets - and fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment - are integral to its success. Highlights of our key human capital management programs and efforts include the following: 
 
 Living a corporate purpose of Being here for you on the journey to being and becoming who you are. The Company s corporate purpose was developed after conducting listening sessions with its associates and its customers, and by weaving in key themes from each of the brand purposes. 
 Offering competitive compensation and benefits , to help the Company attract, motivate, and retain the key talent necessary to achieve outstanding business and financial results. The Company s compensation offerings includes cash-based and equity-based incentive awards in order to align the interests of associates and stockholders, and in the second half of Fiscal 2021, the Company expanded the pool of associates eligible to receive cash-based incentive awards by extending eligibility to additional associates across various job levels. In addition, the Company continues to evolve its approach to work flexibility, including supporting remote work arrangements for key roles and work from anywhere days and weeks for our corporate home office associates where feasible. We also support our associates and their families beyond our competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits offerings, providing eligible associates with paid parental leave in the United States and internationally based on local law, and in 2022 we started offering adoption and fertility support benefits for eligible associates globally. 
 Improving associate engagement through open communication channels with a focus on development. The Company regularly holds all-company meetings to communicate with its associates. The Company also collects feedback through various engagement surveys to better understand associate experience and drive improvements, with the most recent organization-wide survey conducted in August 2022. 
 Fostering associate development by providing a wide variety of growth and development opportunities throughout associates careers. This includes stretch assignments, internal career pathing, self-awareness exercises, and active coaching. The Company also uses leadership standards to help associates identify the core behaviors essential for their career growth, as well as personal growth, on their journey at the Company. In Fiscal 2022, the Company launched the internal job board, which empowers associates to apply for open roles and/or to seek advancement opportunities within the Company. 
 Embracing inclusion and diversity in all forms, including gender, race, ethnicity, disability, nationality, religion, age, veteran status, LGBTQIA+ status, and other factors. The Company continuously reviews metrics including representation, retention, pay, and promotion among associates from diverse backgrounds, including those in leadership positions. The Company also encourages associates to enhance their understanding of inclusion and diversity through participating in the Company s various associate resource groups, which allow associates from different business functions around the world to have discussions, attend activities, and receive materials focused on allyship, community, celebration, and education. Additionally, the Company invests in inclusion and diversity learning and development opportunities for associates on topics including bias, allyship, and advocacy, conducting roundtable discussions, trainings and workshops. 
 Encouraging community involvement of its associates by promoting various charitable, philanthropic, and social awareness programs, which the Company believes fosters a collaborative and rewarding work environment. The Company provides support to global organizations in the form of cash donations, volunteerism and in-kind support. In partnership with its vendor partners, customers and associates, the Company is proud to support community partners serving youth, teens, and young adults with a focus on mental health and wellness, empowerment, and inclusion and diversity. The Company offers its associates a paid volunteer day each year for eligible volunteer work. 
 Focusing on the health and safety of its associates by investing in various wellness programs that are designed to enhance the physical, financial, and mental well-being of its associates globally. The Company provides benefits-eligible associates and their families with access to free and confidential counseling through our Employee Assistance Program, as well as free access to Headspace, a mediation and mindfulness app. The Company also provides regular programming on financial planning and mental health. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 9 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Associates 
 
 The Company employed approximately 29,600 associates globally as of January 28, 2023, of whom approximately 22,400 were part-time associates. As of January 28, 2023, the Company employed approximately 22,400 associates in the U.S., and employed approximately 7,200 associates outside of the U.S. The Company employs temporary, seasonal associates at times, particularly during Fall, when it experiences its greatest sales activity due to back-to-school and holiday sales periods. 
 
 The proportion of associates represented by works councils and unions is not significant and is generally limited to associates in the Company s European stores. 
 
 Board Oversight 
 
 A F s Board of Directors (the Board of Directors and its committees oversee human capital issues. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the Company s overall compensation structure, policies and programs, as well as administration of our cash-based and equity-based performance award programs. Members of the Board of Directors also review succession plans for the Company s executive officers and discuss with senior leadership the Company s human capital management strategies, programs, policies and practices, including those relating to organizational structure and key reporting relationships, along with development of strategies and practices relating to recruitment, retention and development of the Company s associates as needed. Additionally, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the Company s strategies, policies and practices regarding social issues and trends, including inclusion and diversity initiatives, health and safety, and philanthropy and community investment matters. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The Company s executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Set forth below is certain information regarding the executive officers of the Company as of March 24, 2023: 
 
 Fran Horowitz, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Age: 59 
 
 Executive Roles: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director (February 2017 to present) 
 Former President and Chief Merchandising Officer for all brands of the Company (December 2015 to February 2017), former member of the Office of the Chairman of the Company (December 2014 to February 2017) and former Brand President of Hollister (October 2014 to December 2015) 
 Former President of Ann Taylor Loft, a division of Ascena Retail Group, Inc., the parent company of specialty retail fashion brands in North America (October 2013 to October 2014) 
 Formerly held various roles at Express, Inc., a specialty apparel and accessories retailer of women s and men s merchandise (February 2005 to November 2012), including Executive Vice President of Women s Merchandising and Design (May 2010 to November 2012) 
 Formerly held various merchandising roles at Bloomingdale s and various positions at Bergdorf Goodman, Bonwit Teller and Saks Fifth Avenue 
 
 Other Leadership Roles: 
 Member of the Board of Directors of Conagra Brands, Inc. (NYSE: CAG), one of North America s leading branded food companies (July 2021 to present) 
 Member of the Board of Directors of SeriousFun Children s Network, Inc., a non-profit corporation that provides specially-adapted camp experiences for children with serious illnesses and their families, free of charge (since March 2017) 
 Member of the Board of Directors of Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose (CECP), a CEO-led coalition that helps companies transform their social strategy by providing customized resources (October 2019 to present) 
 
 Scott D. Lipesky, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Age: 48 
 
 Executive Roles: 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, as well as Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company (April 2021 to present) 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, as well as Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company (October 2017 to April 2021) 
 Prior to rejoining the Company, formerly served as Chief Financial Officer of American Signature, Inc., a privately-held home furnishings company (October 2016 to October 2017) 
 Formerly held various leadership roles and finance positions with the Company (November 2007 to October 2016) including: Chief Financial Officer, Hollister Brand (September 2014 to October 2016); Vice President, Merchandise Finance (March 2013 to September 2014); Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis (November 2012 to March 2013); and Senior Director, Financial Planning and Analysis (November 2010 to November 2012) 
 Former Corporate Finance Director with FTI Consulting Inc., a global financial services advisory firm 
 Former Director of Corporate Business Development with The Goodyear Tire Rubber Company 
 Formerly held position as a Certified Public Accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 10 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Kristin Scott, President, Global Brands 
 Age: 55 
 
 Executive Roles: 
 President, Global Brands of the Company (November 2018 to present) 
 Former Brand President of Hollister (August 2016 to November 2018) 
 Formerly held senior positions at Victoria s Secret, a specialty retailer of women s intimate and other apparel which sells products at Victoria s Secret stores and online (December 2007 to April 2016), including: Executive Vice President, General Merchandise Manager (March 2013 to April 2016); Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager (March 2009 to March 2013); and Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager - Stores (December 2007 to March 2009) 
 Formerly held various planning and merchandising positions at Gap Inc., Target, and Marshall Fields 
 
 Samir Desai, Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Technology Officer 
 
 Age: 42 
 
 Executive Roles: 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Digital and Technology Officer of the Company (July 2021 to present) 
 Formerly held various leadership and technology positions at Equinox Group, a luxury fitness company that operates several lifestyle brands (October 2005 to June 2021), including: Chief Technology Officer (April 2016 to June 2021), Vice President, Technology (April 2013 to April 2016), Senior Director Technology (April 2011 to April 2013), Director Technology (October 2005 to April 2011) 
 Formerly held technology roles at Intertex Apparel Group, a manufacturer and importer of branded and private label apparel (July 2002 to October 2005), including Director, Information Technology 
 
 Gregory J. Henchel, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 Age: 55 
 
 Executive Roles: 
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company (October 2021 to present) 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company (October 2018 to October 2021) 
 Former Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of HSN, Inc., a 3+ billion multi-channel retailer (February 2010 to December 2017) 
 Former Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Tween Brands, Inc., a specialty retailer (October 2005 to February 2010) and Secretary (August 2008 to February 2010) 
 Formerly held various roles at Cardinal Health, Inc., a global medical device, pharmaceutical and healthcare technology company, including Assistant General Counsel (2001 to October 2005), and Senior Litigation Counsel (May 1998 to 2001) 
 Formerly held position as a litigation associate with the law firm of Jones Day (September 1993 to May 1998) 

GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 
 As a global organization, the Company is subject to the laws and regulations of the U.S. and multiple foreign jurisdictions in which it operates. These laws and regulations include, but are not limited to: trade, transportation and logistic laws, including tariffs and import and export regulations; tax laws and regulations; product and consumer safety laws; anti-bribery and corruption laws; employment and labor laws; antitrust or competition laws; data privacy laws; and environmental regulations. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, with tax provisions primarily focused on implementing a 15 corporate minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income, expected to become applicable to the Company beginning in Fiscal 2023, and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company does not currently expect that the Inflation Reduction Act will have a material impact on its income taxes. 
 
 Laws and regulations have had, and may continue to have, a material impact on the Company s operations as described further within ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS " of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the potential impacts regulatory matters may have on the Company in the future, including those related to environmental matters. Compliance with government laws and regulations has not had a material effect on the Company s capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 11 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 A F makes available free of charge on its website, corporate.abercrombie.com, under the Investors Financials/SEC Filings section, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after A F electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). A F also makes available free of charge in the same section of its website its definitive proxy materials filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after A F electronically files such proxy materials with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains electronic filings by A F and other issuers at www.sec.gov. 
 
 A F has included certain of its website addresses throughout this filing as textual references only. Information on the A F websites shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, and do not form any part of, this Annual report on Form 10-K or any other report or document that A F files with or furnishes to the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risk. The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of these risk factors could lead to material adverse effects on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not view as material may also become materially adverse our business in future periods or if circumstances change. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY RISKS. 
 
 Changes in global economic and financial conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Uncertainty as to the state of the global economy and global financial condition could have an adverse effect on our operating results and business. Our business is subject to factors that affect worldwide economic conditions, including rising inflation (which has occurred and is occurring), unemployment levels, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, reductions in consumer net worth based on declines in the financial, residential real estate and mortgage markets, recent bank failures, sales and personal income tax rates, fuel and energy prices, global food supplies, interest rates, consumer confidence in future economic and political conditions, consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security, the value of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies, geopolitical conflicts, and other macroeconomic factors. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems and volatility, such as the events in March 2023 wherein certain financial institutions were placed into receivership. Changes in global economic and financial conditions could impact our ability to fund growth and our ability to access external financing in the credit and capital markets. 
 
 The economic conditions and factors described above could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, and may exacerbate other risks within this section of ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . 
 
 Consumer confidence and spending could be materially impacted by economic conditions, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our business depends on consumer demand for our merchandise. Consumer confidence and discretionary spending habits, including purchases of our merchandise, can be adversely impacted by recessionary periods, inflation and other macroeconomic conditions adversely impacting levels of disposable income. We may not be able to accurately anticipate or predict consumer demand and behavior, such as taste and purchasing trends, in response to adverse economic conditions, which could result in lower sales, excess inventories and increased mark-downs, all of which could negatively impact our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. In the event that the U.S. and global economy worsens, or if there is a decline in consumer spending levels or other unfavorable conditions, we could experience lower than expected revenues, which could force us to delay or slow the implementation of our growth strategies and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 Failure to engage our customers, anticipate customer demand and changing fashion trends, and manage our inventory commensurately could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our success largely depends on our ability to anticipate and gauge the fashion preferences of our customers and provide merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting demands in a timely manner. Because we may enter into agreements for the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in advance of the applicable selling season, we are vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences and demand, pricing shifts, and the sub-optimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 12 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will continue to anticipate consumer demands and accurately plan inventory successfully in the future. Changing consumer preferences and fashion trends, and our ability to anticipate, identify and respond to them, could adversely impact our sales. Inventory levels for certain merchandise styles no longer considered to be on trend may increase, leading to higher markdowns to sell through excess inventory and, therefore, lower than planned margins. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our merchandise, or if our manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty and result in lost sales. 
 
 We could also be at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to leverage data analytics to retrieve timely, customer insights to appropriately respond to customer demands and improve customer engagement. Any of these events could significantly harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We are also vulnerable to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as natural disasters or other unforeseen events that may significantly impact anticipated customer demand. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our inventory management may be negatively affected, which could adversely impact our performance and our reputation. 
 
 Our failure to operate effectively in a highly competitive and constantly evolving industry could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 The sale of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids is a highly competitive business with numerous participants, including individual and chain specialty apparel retailers, local, regional, national and international department stores, discount stores and online-exclusive businesses. Proliferation of the digital channel within the last few years has encouraged the entry of many new competitors and an increase in competition from established companies. These increases in competition could reduce our ability to retain and grow sales, resulting in an adverse impact to our operating results and business. 
 
 We face a variety of challenges in the highly competitive and constantly evolving retail industry, including: 
 Anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer shopping preferences better than our competitors; 
 Maintaining favorable brand recognition; 
 Effectively marketing our products to consumers across diverse demographic markets, including through social media platforms which have become increasingly important in order to stay connected to our customers, as our digital sales penetration has increased. 
 Retaining customers, including our loyalty club members, and the resulting increased marketing costs to acquire new customers; 
 Developing innovative, high-quality merchandise in styles that appeal to consumers and in ways that favorably distinguish us from our competitors; 
 Countering the aggressive pricing and promotional activities of many of our competitors without diminishing the aspirational nature of our brands and brand equity; and 
 Identifying and assessing disruptive innovation, by existing or new competitors, that could alter the competitive landscape by: improving the customer experience and heightening customer expectations; transforming supply chain and corporate operations through digital technologies and artificial intelligence; and enhancing management decision-making through use of data analytics to develop new, consumer insights. 
 
 In addition, in order to compete in this highly competitive and constantly evolving industry, at times, we may launch and/or acquire new brands to expand our portfolio. This could result in significant financial and operational investments that do not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return and there can be no guarantee that pursuing these investments will result in improved operating results. 
 
 In light of the competitive challenges we face, we may not be able to compete successfully in the future. 
 
 The impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events, social unrest, civil disturbance or disobedience could have a material adverse impact on our busines s 
 
 In the past, the impact of war, acts of terrorism, mass casualty events, social unrest, civil disturbance or disobedience and the associated heightened security measures taken in response to these events have disrupted commerce. Further events of this nature, domestic or abroad, including international and domestic unrest and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, may disrupt commerce and undermine consumer confidence and consumer spending by causing a decline in traffic, store closures and a decrease in digital demand adversely affecting our operating results. 
 
 Furthermore, the existence or threat of any other unforeseen interruption of commerce, could negatively impact our business by interfering with the availability of raw materials or our ability to obtain merchandise from foreign manufacturers. With a substantial portion of our merchandise being imported from foreign countries, failure to obtain merchandise from our foreign manufacturers or substitute other manufacturers, at similar costs and in a timely manner, could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 13 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ability to mitigate the effects of such volatility and our ability to mitigate the effects of such volatility could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Due to our international operations, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries transact in currencies other than their functional currency, including intercompany transactions, which results in foreign currency transaction gains or losses. Furthermore, we purchase substantially all of our inventory in U.S. dollars. As a result, our sales, gross profit and gross profit rate from international operations will be negatively impacted during periods of a strengthened U.S. dollar relative to the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Additionally, changes in the effectiveness of our hedging instruments may negatively impact our ability to mitigate the risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For example, changes in inventory purchase assumptions have resulted in changes in the effectiveness to certain of our hedging instruments, and we could see similar impacts in future periods. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely impact consumer spending, delay or prevent successful penetration into new markets or adversely affect the profitability of our international operations. Certain events, such as the on-going conflict in Ukraine, the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs and government regulations and actions affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, have increased global economic and political uncertainty in recent years and could result in volatility of foreign currency exchange rates as these events develop. 
 
 Pandemics, epidemics, or other public health crises such as the COVID 19 pandemic may continue to materially adversely impact and cause disruption to our business . 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial performance and condition, operating results and cash flows, and may continue to materially adversely impact and cause disruption to our business in the future. Adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic experienced by the Company to date include supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures including higher freight and labor costs, labor shortages, weak store traffic, temporary store closures and reclosures of factories in certain regions. Despite the availability of COVID-19 vaccines, the pandemic continues to evolve, with resurgences and outbreaks occurring in various parts of the world, including those resulting from variants of the virus. 
 
 A pandemic or other public health crisis, including the emergence of new COVID-19 variants, poses the risk that we or our employees, customers, vendors and manufacturers may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to the spread of the disease or shutdowns requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The impact of regulations imposed in the future in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health crises, could, among other things, require that we close our stores or distribution centers or otherwise make it difficult or impossible to operate our business. 
 
 Other factors that would negatively impact our ability to successfully operate during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to: 
 Our ability to keep our stores open if there is a re-emergence or increase in infection rate; 
 Our ability to attract customers to our stores, given the risks, or perceived risks, of gathering in public places; 
 Supply chain delays due to closed factories, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny, as well as carrier constraints due to an increase in digital sales; 
 Delays in, or our ability to complete, planned store openings on the expected terms or timing, or at all based on shortages in labor and materials and delays in the production and delivery of materials; 
 Associates, whether our own or those of our third-party vendors, working offsite through work from home arrangements may rely on residential communication networks and internet providers and may be more susceptible to service interruptions and cyberattacks, and, this could result in an increase in phishing and other scams, fraud, money laundering, theft and other criminal activity; 
 Our ability to preserve liquidity to be able to take advantage of market conditions during periods of temporary store closures; and 
 Difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deterioration in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address maturing liabilities. 
 
 The factors described above may exacerbate other risks within this section of ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . Any future outbreak of any other highly infectious or contagious disease could also have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our ability to attract customers to our stores depends, in part, on the success of the shopping malls or area attractions that our stores are located in or around. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 14 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our stores are primarily located in shopping malls and other shopping centers. Our sales at these stores, as well as sales at our flagship locations, are partially dependent upon the volume of traffic in those shopping centers and the surrounding area which, for some centers, has been in decline. Our stores may benefit from the ability of a shopping center s other tenants and area attractions to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores and the continuing popularity of the shopping center. We cannot control the loss of a significant tenant in a shopping mall or area attraction, the development of new shopping malls in the U.S. or around the world, the availability or cost of appropriate locations or the success of individual shopping malls and there is competition with other retailers for prominent locations. 
 
 Prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the retail industry generally was facing declines in shopping mall traffic, and if the popularity of shopping malls declines among our customers, our sales may decline, and it may be appropriate to exit leases earlier than originally anticipated. 
 
 While U.S. Company-operated stores have been fully reopened for in-store service following widespread temporary store closures due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may see additional temporary closures in certain geographic areas as outbreaks of COVID-19 cases could continue to occur and localized responses remain unpredictable. Furthermore, declines in store traffic beyond our current expectations could result in additional impairment charges. While we were successful in obtaining certain rent abatements and landlord concessions of rent payable as a result of COVID-19 store closures, we may be limited in our ability to obtain rent abatements or landlord concessions of rent otherwise payable going forward. 
 
 All of these factors may impact our ability to meet our productivity or our growth objectives for our stores and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Part of our future growth is dependent on our ability to operate stores in desirable locations, with capital investment and lease costs providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We cannot be sure when or whether such desirable locations will become available at reasonable costs. 
 
 The impact of natural disasters, negative climate patterns, public health crises, political crises and other unexpected and catastrophic events could result in interruptions to our operations, as well as to the operations of our third-party partners, and have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our retail stores, corporate offices, distribution centers, infrastructure projects and digital operations, as well as the operations of our vendors and manufacturers, are vulnerable to disruption from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, extreme cold events and other adverse weather events; negative climate patterns, such as those in domestic and global water-stressed regions; public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic); political crises, such as terrorists attacks, war, labor, unrest and other political instability; significant power interruptions or outages; and other unexpected, catastrophic events. These events could disrupt the operations of our corporate offices, global stores and supply chain and those of our third-party partners, including our vendors and manufacturers. In addition to immediate impacts on global operations, these events could result in a reduction in the availability and quality of raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise, delays in merchandise fulfillment and deliveries, loss of customers and revenues due to store closures and inability to respond to customer demand, increased costs to meet consumer demand (which we may not be able to pass on to customers), reduced consumer confidence or changes in consumers discretionary spending habits. 
 
 Historically, our operations have been seasonal, and natural disasters or unseasonable weather conditions, may diminish demand for our seasonal merchandise and could also influence consumer preferences and fashion trends, consumer traffic and shopping habits. In addition, to the extent natural disasters cause physical losses to our stores, distribution centers or offices, we may incur costs that exceed our applicable insurance coverage for any necessary repairs to damages or business disruption. 
 
 STRATEGIC RISKS. 
 
 Our failure to successfully execute on our Always Forward Plan. 
 
 In 2022 we introduced our Always Forward Plan as our long-term strategic plan, as described in ITEM 1. BUSINESS . Our ability to successfully execute on our Always Forward Plan is subject to various risks and uncertainties as described herein. 
 
 We believe that our Always Forward Plan will lead to long-term revenue growth and increased profitability, however, there is no assurance regarding the extent to which we will realize the anticipated objectives, if at all, or regarding the timing of such anticipated benefits. Our failure to realize the anticipated objectives, which may be due to our inability to execute on the various elements of our Always Forward Plan, changes in consumer demand, competition, macroeconomic conditions (including inflation), retention of key talent, and other risks described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 If the execution of our Always Forward Plan is not successful, or we do not realize the objectives to the extent or in the timeline that we anticipate, our financial condition and reputation could be adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to continue to successfully manage the complexities of our customers omnichannel shopping experience, or failure to continue to successfully invest in customer, digital and omnichannel initiatives could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 15 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 As omnichannel retailing continues to evolve, our customers increasingly interact with our brands through a variety of media and expect seamless integration across all touchpoints. As our success depends on our ability to effectively manage the complexities of our customers omnichannel shopping experience, including our ability to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and engage our customers, we have made significant investments and operational changes to develop our digital and omnichannel capabilities globally, including the development of localized fulfillment, shipping and customer service operations, investments in digital media to attract new customers and the rollout of omnichannel capabilities listed in ITEM 1. BUSINESS . 
 
 While we must keep up to date with technology trends in the retail environment in order to manage our successful omnichannel shopping experience, it is possible these initiatives may not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. For example, we could be at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to leverage data analytics to retrieve timely, customer insights to appropriately respond to customer demands and improve customer engagement across channels or if innovative digital products and features we develop are not utilized or received by customers as anticipated. 
 
 In addition, digital operations are subject to numerous risks, including reliance on third-party computer hardware/software and service providers, data breaches, the increased rate of merchandise returns, violations of evolving laws and regulations, including those relating to online privacy, credit card fraud, telecommunication failures, electronic break-ins and similar compromises, and disruption of internet service. Changes in foreign governmental regulations may also negatively impact our ability to deliver product to our customers. Failure to successfully respond to these risks may adversely affect sales as well as damage the reputation of our brands. 
 
 Our failure to optimize our global store network could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 With the evolution of digital and omnichannel capabilities, customer expectations have shifted and there has been greater pressure for a seamless omnichannel experience across all channels. As a result, global store network optimization is an important part of our business and failure to optimize our global store network could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 The ability to open new stores experiences and modify existing leases requires partnership with our landlords. If our partnerships with our landlords were to deteriorate, this could adversely affect the pace of opening new store experiences and/or lead to an increase in store closures. In addition, if there is an increase in events such as landlord bankruptcies, or mall foreclosures, competition between retailers could increase for remaining suitable store locations. Pursuing the wrong opportunities and any delays, cost increases, disruptions or other uncertainties related to those opportunities could adversely affect our results of operations. If our investments in new stores or remodeling and right-sizing existing stores do not achieve appropriate returns, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Although we attempt to open new stores in prominent locations, it is possible that locations which were prominent when we opened our stores may lose favor over time. 
 
 Our inability to effectively conduct business in international markets, including as a result of legal, tax, regulatory, political and economic risks could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We operate on a global basis and are subject to risks associated with international operations that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations if we fail to address them. 
 
 Such risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 addressing the different operational requirements present in each country in which we operate, including those related to employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, lease provisions and local reporting or legal requirements; 
 supporting global growth by successfully implementing local customer and product-facing teams and certain corporate support functions at our regional headquarters located in Shanghai, China and London, United Kingdom; 
 hiring, training and retaining qualified personnel; 
 maintaining good labor relations with individual associates and groups of associates; 
 avoiding work stoppages or other labor-related issues in our European stores, where some associates are represented by workers councils and unions; 
 retaining acceptance from foreign customers; 
 managing inventory effectively to meet the needs of existing stores on a timely basis; 
 political, civil and social unrest, such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and escalating China-Taiwan tensions; 
 government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, including tariffs and customs laws; 
 tax rate volatility and our ability to realize tax benefits resulting from non-U.S. operations; 
 managing foreign currency exchange rate risks effectively; 
 substantial investments of time and resources in our global operations may not result in achievement of acceptable levels of returns; for example, we recently have experienced year-over-year declines in revenues from our international operations; and 
 continued and sustained declines in our international revenues could lead to store closures, restructuring costs, and impairment losses, all of which could adversely impact our business, profitability, and results of operations. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 16 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to domestic laws related to international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, in addition to the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. If any of our overseas operations, or our associates or agents, violate such laws, we could become subject to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results. 
 
 Our failure to appropriately address Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) matters could have a material adverse impact on our reputation and, as a result, our business. 
 
 There is an increased focus from certain government regulators, investors, customers, associates, business partners and other stakeholders concerning ESG matters. 
 
 The expectations related to ESG matters are rapidly evolving, and, from time to time, we announce certain initiatives and goals, related to ESG matters, such as those through our participation in the United Nations Global Compact. We could fail, or be perceived to fail to act responsibly, in our ESG efforts, or we could fail in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives and goals. In addition, we could be criticized for the speed of adoption of such initiatives or goals, or the scope of such initiatives or goals. As a result, we could suffer negative publicity and our reputation could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a negative impact on investor perception and our products' acceptance by consumers. This may also impact our ability to attract and retain talent to compete in the marketplace. 
 
 There is also uncertainty regarding potential laws, regulations, and policies related to ESG and global environmental sustainability matters, including disclosure obligations and reporting on such matters. Changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting ESG disclosure, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, or environmental protection, among others, including regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, to discourage the use of plastic or to limit or to impose additional costs on commercial water use may result in increased costs for us and our business partners, all of which may negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS. 
 
 Failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical and public perception about our products or operations, whether justified or not, could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage our brands and have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Events that could jeopardize our reputation, include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity; 
 We fall victim to a cyber-attack, resulting in customer data being compromised; 
 We fail to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, health and safety, legal, accounting or environmental standards, or related political considerations; 
 Our associates actions don t align with our values and fail to comply with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; 
 Third parties with which we have a business relationship, including our brand representatives and influencer network, fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with our brand image or act in a way that harms their reputation; 
 Third-party vendors fail to comply with our Vendor Code of Conduct or any third parties with which we have a business relationship with fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with our brand image; 
 Unfavorable media publicity and consumer perception of our products, operations, brand or experience; and 
 Our position or perceived lack of position on ESG, public policy or other similar issues and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters. 
 
 In addition, in recent years there has been an increase in media platforms, particularly, social media and our use of social media platforms is an important element of our omnichannel marketing efforts. For example, we maintain various social media accounts for our brands, including Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest accounts. Negative publicity or actions taken by individuals that we partner with, such as brand representatives, influencers or our associates, that fail to represent our brands in a manner consistent with our brand image or act in a way that harms their reputation, whether through our social media accounts or their own, could harm our brand reputation and materially impact our business. Social media also allows for anyone to provide public feedback, which could influence perceptions of our brands and reduce demand for our merchandise. 
 
 Damage to our reputation and loss of consumer confidence for these or any other reasons could lead to adverse consumer actions, including boycotts, have negative impacts on investor perception and could impact our ability to attract and retain the talent necessary to compete in the marketplace, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 
 If our information technology systems are disrupted or cease to operate effectively, it could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 17 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We rely heavily on our information technology systems in both our customer-facing and corporate operations to: operate our websites and mobile apps; record and process transactions; respond to customer inquiries; manage inventory; purchase, sell and ship merchandise on a timely basis; maintain cost-efficient operations; create a customer relationship management database through our loyalty programs; and complete other customer-facing and business objectives. Given the significant number of transactions that are completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant operation of our computer hardware, telecommunication systems and software systems, and maintain data security. Despite efforts to prevent such an occurrence, our information technology systems may be vulnerable, from time to time, to damage or interruption from computer viruses, power interruptions or outages or other system failures, third-party intrusions, inadvertent or intentional breaches by our associates or third-party service providers, and other technical malfunctions. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or are obsolete in comparison to those of our competition, we may have to make monetary investments to repairs or replace the systems and we could endure delays in our operations. We have made and expect to continue to make significant monetary investments and devote significant attention to modernizing our core systems, and the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than others and may fail to provide the expected benefits. 
 
 We regularly evaluate our information technology systems and requirements to ensure appropriate functionality and use in response to business demands. For example, we have started a multi-year process of upgrading our merchandising enterprise resource planning ("ERP") system. We are aware of the inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying these systems, including inaccurate system information, system disruptions and user acceptance and understanding. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems, including a disruption or slowdown caused by our failure to successfully upgrade or replace our systems could impact our ability to effectively manage and maintain our inventory, to ship products to customers on a timely basis, and may cause information to be lost or delayed, including data related to customer orders. Such a loss or delay, especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during our peak selling seasons, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition the upgrading of our ERP system requires significant financial and operational investments, and such investments may not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of returns. 
 
 We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with cyber-attacks, data protection, credit card fraud and identity theft that could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 In the standard course of business, we receive and maintain confidential information about customers, associates and other third parties. In addition, third parties also receive and maintain certain confidential information. The protection of this information is critical to our business and subjects us to numerous laws, rules and regulations domestically and in foreign jurisdictions. The retail industry in particular has been the target of many cyber-attacks and it is possible that an individual or group could defeat our security measures, or those of a third-party service provider, and access confidential information about our business, customers and associates. Further, like other companies in the retail industry, during the ordinary course of business, we and our vendors have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks of varying degrees and types, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to, our systems. To date, cyber attacks have not had a material impact on our operations, but we cannot provide assurance that cyber attacks will not have a material impact in the future. 
 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience increased costs associated with protecting confidential information through the implementation of security technologies, processes and procedures, including training programs for associates to raise awareness about phishing, malware and other cyber risks, especially as we implement new technologies, such as new payment capabilities or updates to our mobile apps and websites. Additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems change frequently and increase in complexity and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate, prevent, or immediately identify and remediate cyber-attacks. 
 
 Furthermore, the global regulatory environment is increasingly complex and demanding with frequent new and changing requirements surrounding information security and privacy, including new regulations applicable to public companies in the United States, China s Cybersecurity Law, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation. We may incur significant costs related to compliance with these laws and failure to comply with these regulatory standards, and others, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We have also implemented a flexible work policy allowing most of our corporate associates to work remotely, from time to time, as have certain of our third-party vendors. Offsite working by associates, which requires increased use of public internet connection, and use of office equipment off premises may make our business more vulnerable to cybersecurity breach attempts, phishing and other scams, fraud, money laundering, theft and other criminal activity. 
 
 If we, or a third-party partner, were to fall victim to a successful cyber-attack or suffer intentional or unintentional data and security breaches by associates or third-parties, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, especially an event that compromises customer data or results in the unauthorized release of confidential business or customer information. In addition, if we are unable to avert a denial of service attack that renders our website inoperable, it could result in negative consequences, such as lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. Additional negative consequences that could result from these and similar events may include, but are not limited to: 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 18 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 remediation costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, potential legal settlements to affected parties, repairs of system damage, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to maintain relationships after an attack; 
 increased cybersecurity protection costs, which may include the costs of making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training associates, and engaging third party experts and consultants; 
 lost revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; 
 litigation and legal risks, including costs of litigation and regulatory, fines, penalties or actions by domestic or international governmental authorities; 
 increased insurance premiums, or the ability to obtain insurance on commercially reasonable terms; 
 reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and 
 damage to the Company s competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. 
 
 Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, there can be no assurance that it will be sufficient for a specific cyber incident, or that insurance proceeds will be paid to us in a timely fashion. 
 
 Our reliance on our distribution centers makes us susceptible to disruptions or adverse conditions affecting our supply chain. 
 
 Our distribution center operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as system failures, accidents, labor disputes, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, significant power interruptions or outages, demographic and population changes, and other unforeseen events and circumstances. We rely on our distribution centers to manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of our merchandise. If our distribution centers are not adequate to support our operations, including as a result of capacity constraints in response to an increase in digital sales, the increased rate of merchandise returns, we could experience adverse impacts such as shipping delays and or customer dissatisfaction. In addition, if our distribution operations were disrupted due to, for example, labor shortages, natural disasters or power interruptions or outages, and we were unable to relocate operations or find other property adequate for conducting business, our ability to replace inventory in our stores and process digital and third-party orders could be interrupted, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to sales or increased costs. Refer to ITEM 1. BUSINESS , for a listing of certain distribution centers on which we rely. 
 
 Changes in the cost, availability and quality of raw materials, transportation and labor, including changes due to trade relations could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Changes in the cost, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our cost of sales, or our ability to meet customer demand. The prices for such fabrics depend largely on the market prices for the raw materials used to produce them, particularly cotton. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including crop yields, weather patterns and other unforeseen events. For example, significant inflationary pressures have and may continue to impact the cost of labor, cotton and other raw materials. Increased global uncertainty has also impacted and may in the future impact the cost, availability and quality of the fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our merchandise, and compliance with sanctions, customs trade orders and sourcing laws, such as those issued by the U.S. government related to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and entities and individuals connected to China s Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, could impact the price of cotton in the marketplace and the global supply chain. 
 
 Fluctuations in the cost of transportation could also have a material adverse effect on our cost of sales and ability to meet customer demand. We primarily use seven contract carriers to ship merchandise and related materials to our North American customers, and several contract carriers for our international customers. If the shipping operations of these third parties were disrupted, and we are unable to respond in a quick and efficient manner, our ability to replace inventory in our stores and process digital and third-party orders could be interrupted, potentially resulting in adverse impacts to sales or increased costs. Furthermore, we are susceptible to increases in fuel costs which may increase the cost of distribution. If we are not able to pass this cost on to our customers, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, we have experienced increasing wage pressures in recent years related to the cost of labor at our third-party manufacturers, at our distribution centers and at our stores. For example, recent government initiatives in the U.S. or changes to existing laws, such as the adoption and implementation of national, state, or local government proposals relating to increases in minimum wage rates, may increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to pass all or a portion of higher labor costs on to our customers, which could adversely affect our gross margin and results of operations. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 19 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We depend upon independent third parties for the manufacture and delivery of all our merchandise, and a disruption of the manufacture or delivery of our merchandise could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. As a result, the continued success of our operations is tied to our timely receipt of quality merchandise from third-party manufacturers. We source the majority of our merchandise outside of the U.S. through arrangements with approximately 119 vendors, primarily located in southeast Asia. Political, social or economic instability in the regions in which our manufacturers are located could cause disruptions in trade, including exports to the U.S. In addition, the inability of vendors to access liquidity, or the insolvency of vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver merchandise to us. A manufacturer s inability to ship orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards could cause delays in responding to consumer demand and negatively affect consumer confidence or negatively impact our competitive position, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 All factories that we partner with are contractually required to adhere to the Company s Vendor Code of Conduct, go through social audits which include on-site walk-throughs to appraise the physical working conditions and health and safety practices, and review payroll and age documentation. If these factories are unwilling or not able to meet the standards set forth within the Company s Vendor Code of Conduct, it could limit the options available to us and could result in an increase of costs of manufacturing, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. 
 
 Other events that could disrupt the timely delivery of our merchandise include new trade law provisions or regulations, reliance on a limited number of shipping carriers and associated alliances, weather events, significant labor disputes, port congestion and other unexpected events, such as COVID-19. 
 
 We rely on the experience and skills of our executive officers and associates, and the failure to attract or retain this talent, effectively manage succession, and establish a diverse workforce could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our ability to succeed may be adversely impacted if we are not able to attract, retain and develop talent and future leaders, including our executive officers. We believe that the attraction, retention and management of qualified talent is integral to our success in advancing our strategies and key business priorities and avoiding disruptions in our business. We rely on our associates across the organization, including those at our corporate offices, stores and distribution centers, as well as their experience and expertise in the retail business. 
 
 Our executive officers closely supervise all aspects of our operations, have substantial experience and expertise in the retail business and have an integral role in the growth and success of our brands. If we were to lose the benefit of the involvement of our executive officers or other personnel, without adequate succession plans, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, if we are unable to attract and retain talent at the associate level, our business could be adversely impacted. Competition for such qualified talent is intense, and we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract, retain and develop a sufficient number of qualified individuals in future periods. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to find adequate temporary or seasonal personnel to staff our operations when needed. For example, as automation, artificial intelligence and similar technological advancements continue to evolve, we may need to compete for talent that is familiar with these advancements in technologies in order to compete effectively with our industry peers. If we are not successful in these efforts, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are not successful in these efforts or fail to successfully execute against the key human capital management initiatives discussed in ITEM 1. BUSINESS , our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 I f we identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, fail to remediate a material weakness, or fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 The effectiveness of any controls or procedures is subject to certain inherent limitations, and as a result, there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will prevent or detect misstatements. Even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting will provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 If we fail to remediate a material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, management could be required to expend significant resources. Additionally, we could fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, and be subject to fines, penalties, investigations or judgements, all of which could negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 20 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 LEGAL, TAX, REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE RISKS. 
 
 Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility in our results of operations could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our products are subject to import and excise duties and/or sales, consumption or value-added taxes VAT in many jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which include reserves for estimates of probable settlements of foreign and domestic tax audits. At any time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. The results of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year, there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as taxable events occur and exposures are evaluated. In addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial reporting period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or losses by taxing jurisdictions or by changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. Fluctuations in duties could also have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In some international markets, we are required to hold and submit VAT to the appropriate local tax authorities. Failure to correctly calculate or submit the appropriate amounts could subject us to substantial fines and penalties that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, along with members of its inclusive framework, have through the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project, proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. These proposals, if finalized and adopted by the associated countries, will likely increase tax complexity, and may both create uncertainty and adversely affect our provision for income taxes. 
 
 In the past, tax law has been enacted, domestically and abroad, impacting our current or future tax structure and effective tax rate, such as the Inflation Reduction Act in the U.S. Tax law may be enacted in the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our current or future tax structure and effective tax rate. 
 
 Litigation and any future stockholder activism, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We, along with third parties we do business with, are involved, from time to time, in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Litigation matters may include, but are not limited to, contract disputes, employment-related actions, labor relations, commercial litigation, intellectual property rights, product safety, environmental matters and shareholder actions. 
 
 Litigation, in general, may be expensive and disruptive. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of the outcome. Substantial unanticipated verdicts, fines and rulings do sometimes occur. As a result, we could, from time to time, incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the amounts are accrued and/or our cash flows in the period in which the amounts are paid. The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations and, depending on the nature of the allegations, could negatively impact our reputation. Additionally, defending against these legal proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 
 Stockholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, remains popular with many public investors. Due to the potential volatility of our stock price and for a variety of other reasons, we may become the target of securities litigation or stockholder activism. Responding to stockholder activists campaigns may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources without yielding any improvement in our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Failure to adequately protect our trademarks or otherwise defend intellectual property could have a negative impact on our brand image and limit our ability to penetrate new markets which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We believe our core trademarks, Abercrombie Fitch , abercrombie , Hollister , Gilly Hicks , Social Tourist and the Moose and Seagull logos, are essential to the effective implementation of our strategy. We have obtained or applied for federal registration of these trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the registries of countries in key markets within the Company s sales and distribution channels. In addition, these trademarks are either registered, or the Company has applications for registration pending, with the registries of many of the foreign countries in which the manufacturers of the Company s products are located. There can be no assurance that we will obtain registrations that have been applied for or that the registrations we obtain will prevent the imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. Although brand security initiatives are in place, we cannot guarantee that our efforts against the counterfeiting of our brands will be successful. If a third party copies our products in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, our brand image could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 21 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Because we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all categories, or in all foreign countries in which we source or offer our merchandise now, or may in the future, our international expansion and our merchandising of products using these marks could be limited. The pending applications for international registration of various trademarks could be challenged or rejected in those countries because third parties of whom we are not currently aware have already registered similar marks in those countries. Accordingly, it may be possible, in those foreign countries where the status of various applications is pending or unclear, for a third-party owner of the national trademark registration for a similar mark to prohibit the manufacture, sale or exportation of branded goods in or from that country. Failure to register our trademarks or purchase or license the right to use our trademarks or logos in these jurisdictions could limit our ability to obtain supplies from, or manufacture in, less costly markets or penetrate new markets should our business plan include selling our merchandise in those non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 
 Additionally, if a third party claims to have licensing rights with respect to merchandise we have produced or purchased from a vendor, we may be obligated to remove this merchandise from our inventory offering and incur related costs, and could be subject to liability under various civil and criminal causes of action, including actions to recover unpaid royalties and other damages. 
 
 Changes in the regulatory or compliance landscape could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We are subject to numerous domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to customs, truth-in-advertising, securities, consumer protection, general privacy, health information privacy, identity theft, online privacy, general employment, employee health and safety, minimum wages, unsolicited commercial communication and zoning and occupancy laws, as well as ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the importation, intellectual property, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores, digital operations and distribution centers. If these laws and regulations were to change, or were violated by our management, associates, suppliers, vendors or other parties with whom we do business, the costs of certain merchandise could increase, or we could experience delays in shipments of our merchandise, be subject to fines or penalties, temporary or permanent store closures, or increased regulatory scrutiny or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand for our merchandise and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation including the areas referenced above, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Laws and regulations at the local, state, federal and various international levels frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, or environmental protection, among others, may result in increased compliance costs for us and our business partners. Additionally, we may face regulatory challenges in complying with applicable global sanctions and trade regulations and reputational challenges with our consumers and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of material sourced for the manufacture of our products. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to a variety of regulatory and reporting requirements, including, but not limited to, those related to corporate governance and public disclosure. Stockholder activism, the current political environment, financial reform legislation, government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations. New requirements or changes in current regulatory reporting requirements may introduce additional complexities, lead to additional compliance costs, divert management s time and attention from strategic business activities, and could have a significant effect on our reported results for the affected periods. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in fines, penalties, or lawsuits and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 The agreements related to A F Management s senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility and senior secured notes include restrictive covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business and our inability to obtain additional credit on reasonable terms in the future could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement of Abercrombie Fitch Management Co. A F Management ), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of A F, provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to 400 million (the ABL Facility ), which matures on April 29, 2026. A F Management s senior secured notes (the Senior Secured Notes have a fixed 8.75 interest rate and mature on July 15, 2025. The agreements related to the ABL Facility and the Senior Secured Notes contain restrictive covenants that, subject to specified exemptions, restrict, among other things, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to: incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness; grant or incur liens; sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; make investments in certain subsidiaries; pay dividends or make distributions on our capital stock; redeem or repurchase capital stock; change the nature of our business; and consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of the assets of the Company or A F Management to another entity. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 22 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 If an event of default under either related agreement occurs, any outstanding obligations under the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility could be declared immediately due and payable or the lenders or noteholders could foreclose on or exercise other remedies with respect to the assets securing the indebtedness under the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility. In addition, there is no assurance that we would have the cash resources available to repay such accelerated obligations. Moreover, the Senior Secured Notes and ABL Facility are secured by certain of our real property, inventory, intellectual property, general intangibles and receivables, among other things, and lenders may exercise remedies against the collateral in an event of default. 
 
 We have, and expect to continue to have, a level of indebtedness. In addition, we may, from time to time, incur additional indebtedness. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our existing indebtedness before maturity, including the Senior Secured Notes, and any indebtedness under the ABL Facility. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain sufficient funds to enable us to repay or refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Changes in market conditions could potentially impact the size and terms of a replacement facility or facilities in the future. The inability to obtain credit on commercially reasonable terms in the future could adversely impact our liquidity and results of operations as well as limit our ability to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 23 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company s global headquarters are located on a campus-like setting in New Albany, Ohio, which is owned by the Company. The Company s global headquarters also include company-owned distribution centers that support distribution to all domestic stores and the majority of domestic digital orders. The Company also leases property for its regional headquarters located in London, United Kingdom and Shanghai, China. In addition, the Company owns or leases facilities both domestically and internationally to support the Company s operations, such as its distribution centers and various support centers. 
 
 The Company does not believe any individual regional headquarters, third-party distribution center or support center lease is material as, if necessary or desirable to relocate an operation, other suitable property could be found. These properties are utilized by both of the Company s operating segments and are currently suitable and adequate for conducting the Company s business. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company operated 762 retail stores across its brands. The Company does not believe that any individual store lease is material; however, certain geographic areas may have a higher concentration of store locations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 18 CONTINGENCIES to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual report on Form 10-K. The Company s accrued charges for certain legal contingencies are classified within accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to Item 103(c)(3)(iii) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, the Company is required to disclose certain information about environmental proceedings to which a governmental authority is a party if the Company reasonably believes such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, above a stated threshold. The Company has elected to apply a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 24 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information and Holders 
 
 A F s Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ANF. As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately 2,600 stockholders of record. However, when including investors holding shares of Common Stock in broker accounts under street name, A F estimates that there were approximately 38,000 stockholders. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph shows the changes, over the five-year period ended January 28, 2023 (the last day of A F s Fiscal 2022) in the value of 100 invested in (i) shares of Common Stock; (ii) Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (the S P 500 and (iii) Standard Poor s Apparel Retail Composite Index (the S P Apparel Retail ), including reinvestment of dividends. The plotted points represent the closing price on the last trading day of the fiscal year indicated. 
 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH (1) 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among A F, the S P 500 Index and the S P Apparel Retail Index 

02/03/18 02/02/19 02/01/20 01/30/21 01/29/22 01/28/23 A F 100.00 107.93 86.44 123.98 196.10 146.77 S P 500 100.00 99.93 121.46 142.39 172.28 160.83 S P Apparel Retail 100.00 113.06 131.73 143.75 159.17 190.20 
 
 100 invested on February 03, 2018, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 Copyright 2023 Standard Poor s, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 
 
 (1) This performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that A F specifically requests that the performance graph be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 25 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information regarding the purchase of shares of Common Stock made by or on behalf of A F or any affiliated purchaser as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act during each fiscal month of the thirteen weeks ended January 28, 2023: 
 Period (fiscal month) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Value) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) 
 October 30, 2022 through November 26, 2022 232,184,768 November 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 1,444 18.86 232,184,768 January 1, 2023 through January 28, 2023 232,184,768 Total 1,444 232,184,768 
 
 (1) An aggregate of 1,444 shares of A F s Common Stock purchased during the thirteen weeks ended January 28, 2023 were withheld for tax payments due upon the vesting of employee restricted stock units and exercise of employee stock appreciation rights. 
 (2) On November 23, 2021, we announced that the Board of Directors approved a new 500 million share repurchase authorization, replacing the prior 2021 share repurchase authorization of 10.0 million shares, which had approximately 3.9 million shares remaining available 
 (3) The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the approximate dollar value of Common Stock that may yet be purchased under A F s publicly announced stock repurchase authorization described in footnote 2 above. The shares may be purchased, from time to time, depending on business and market conditions. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 In May 2020, the Company announced that it had suspended its dividend program in order to preserve liquidity and maintain financial flexibility in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company s dividend program remains suspended. The Company may in the future review its dividend program to determine, in light of facts and circumstances at that time, whether and when to reinstate. Any dividends are declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reviews and establishes a dividend amount, if at all, based on A F s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, current and projected cash flows, business prospects and other factors and any restrictions under the Company s agreements related to the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility. There can be no assurance that the Company will pay dividends in the future or, if dividends are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past dividends. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 26 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A generally discusses our results of operations for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 and provides comparisons between such fiscal years. For discussion and comparison of Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal 2021, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2022. This MD A should be read together with the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA , to which all references to Notes in MD A are made. 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 MD A is provided as a supplement to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto to help provide an understanding of the Company s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview . A general description of the Company s business and certain segment information, and an overview of key performance indicators reviewed by management in assessing the Company s results. 
 Current Trends and Outlook . A discussion of the Company s long-term plans for growth and a summary of the Company s performance over recent years, primarily Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. 
 Results of Operations . An analysis of certain components of the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources . A discussion of the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition and liquidity as of January 28, 2023, which includes (i) an analysis of changes in cash flows for Fiscal 2022 as compared to Fiscal 2021, (ii) an analysis of liquidity, including availability under the Company s credit facility, and outstanding debt and covenant compliance and (iii) a summary of contractual and other obligations as of January 28, 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements . The recent accounting pronouncements the Company has adopted or is currently evaluating, including the dates of adoption or expected dates of adoption, as applicable, and anticipated effects on the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements, are included in Note 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES . 
 Critical Accounting Estimates . A discussion of the accounting estimates considered to be important to the Company s results of operations and financial condition, which typically require significant judgment and estimation on the part of the Company s management in their application. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures . MD A provides a discussion of certain financial measures that have been determined to not be presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). This section includes certain reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and additional details on non-GAAP financial measures, including information as to why the Company believes the non-GAAP financial measures provided within MD A are useful to investors. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 27 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 OVERVIEW 
 
 Business Summary 
 
 The Company is a global, digitally-led omnichannel retailer. The Company offers a broad assortment of apparel, personal care products and accessories for men, women and kids, which are sold primarily through its digital channels and Company-owned stores, as well as through various third-party arrangements. The Company s two brand-based operating segments are Hollister, which includes the Company s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and Abercrombie, which includes the Company s Abercrombie Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These five brands share a commitment to offering unique products of enduring quality and exceptional comfort that allow customers around the world to express their own individuality and style. The Company operates primarily in North America, Europe, Middle East and Asia. 
 
 The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to January 31. All references herein to the Company s fiscal years are as follows: 
 Fiscal year Year ended/ ending Number of weeks Fiscal 2020 January 30, 2021 52 Fiscal 2021 January 29, 2022 52 Fiscal 2022 January 28, 2023 52 Fiscal 2023 February 3, 2024 53 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Due to the seasonal nature of the retail apparel industry, the results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year and the Company could experience significant fluctuations in certain asset and liability accounts. The Company experiences its greatest sales activity during Fall, due to back-to-school and holiday sales periods, respectively. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 
 The following measurements are among the key performance indicators reviewed by the Company s management in assessing the Company s results: 
 
 Changes in net sales and comparable sales; 
 Gross profit and gross profit rate; 
 Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of net sales; 
 Stores and distribution expense as a percentage of net sales; 
 Marketing, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales; 
 Operating income and operating income as a percentage of net sales operating margin 
 Net income and net income attributable to A 
 Cash flow and liquidity measures, such as the Company s working capital, operating cash flow, and free cash flow; 
 Inventory metrics, such as inventory turnover; 
 Return on invested capital and return on equity; 
 Store metrics, such as net sales per gross square foot, and store four-wall operating margins; 
 Digital and omnichannel metrics, such as total shipping expense as a percentage of digital sales, and certain metrics related to our purchase-online-pickup-in-store and order-in-store programs; 
 Transactional metrics, such as traffic and conversion, performance across key product categories, average unit retail AUR ), average unit cost AUC ), average units per transaction and average transaction values, return rates; and 
 Customer-centric metrics such as customer satisfaction, customer retention and acquisition, and certain metrics related to the loyalty programs. 
 
 While not all of these metrics are disclosed publicly by the Company due to the proprietary nature of the information, the Company discusses many of these metrics within this MD A. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 28 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 CURRENT TRENDS AND OUTLOOK 
 
 Focus Areas for Fiscal 2023 
 
 The Company remains committed to, and confident in, its long-term vision of being a digitally-led global omnichannel apparel retailer and continues to evaluate opportunities to make progress toward initiatives that support this vision. 
 
 During the second quarter of Fiscal 2022, the Company announced its Always Forward Plan, which outlines the Company s long-term strategy and goals, including growing shareholder value. The Always Forward Plan is anchored on three strategic growth principles, which are to: 
 Execute focused brand growth plans; 
 Accelerate an enterprise-wide digital revolution; and 
 Operate with financial discipline. 
 
 The following focus areas for Fiscal 2023 serve as a framework for the Company achieving sustainable growth and progressing toward the Always Forward Plan: 
 Execute brand growth plans 
 Drive Abercrombie brands through marketing and store investment; 
 Optimize the Hollister product and brand voice to enable second half growth; and 
 Support Gilly Hicks growth with an evolved assortment mix 
 Accelerate an enterprise-wide digital revolution 
 Complete current phase of our modernization efforts around key data platforms; 
 Continue to progress on our multi-year ERP transformation and cloud migration journey; and 
 Improve our digital and app experience across key parts of the customer journey 
 Operate with financial discipline 
 Maintain appropriately lean inventory levels that put Abercrombie and Hollister in a position to chase inventory throughout the year; and 
 Properly balance investments, inflation and efficiency efforts to improve profitability 
 
 Supply Chain Disruptions, Impact of Inflation and COVID-19 
 
 The current economic environment remained challenging in Fiscal 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on the global economy continued to impact the Company s operations in Fiscal 2022, including through temporary store closures. While trends in the severity of new cases of COVID-19 in the U.S. improved throughout Fiscal 2022, caseloads have periodically increased in certain global regions, most notably, in the APAC region in conjunction with the easing of strict lockdowns and zero-tolerance policy shutdowns in China. 
 
 In addition, while the direct impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have shown signs of abatement, the Company has experienced various other adverse impacts in the current economic environment, including supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures including higher freight and labor costs, labor shortages, and weak store traffic. 
 
 During the latter half of Fiscal 2021, the Company increased its air freight usage in response to inventory delays imposed by temporary factory closures in Vietnam. This disruption and the associated increased costs adversely impacted the Company through Fiscal 2022. To mitigate supply chain constraints and higher freight rates, the Company took certain mitigating actions in early Fiscal 2022 that included scheduling earlier inventory receipts to allow for longer lead times, expanding its number of freight vendors, and reducing air freight usage where appropriate. Freight costs began to stabilize in the latter half of Fiscal 2022 compared with the elevated air freight rates and usage in 2021. While freight costs are stabilizing and supply chain constraints are waning, further mitigating actions may be needed in Fiscal 2023, particularly if supply chain constraints and/or transportation delays begin to reappear. 
 
 The Company has also experienced significant inflationary pressures with respect to labor, cotton and other raw materials and other costs. Inflation can have a long-term impact on the Company because increasing costs may impact its ability to maintain satisfactory margins. The Company may be unsuccessful in passing these increased costs on to the customer through higher AUR. Furthermore, increases in inflation may not be matched by growth in consumer income, which also could have a negative impact on discretionary spending. In periods of perceived or actual unfavorable economic conditions, consumers may reallocate available discretionary spending, which may adversely impact demand for our products. 
 
 The adverse consequences of the pandemic and of the current economic environment continue to impact the Company and may persist for some time. The Company will continue to assess impacts on its operations and financial condition, and will respond as it deems appropriate. 
 
 For further information about how changes in global economic and financial conditions as well as continued impacts from COVID-19 could impact our operations, refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 29 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, with tax provisions primarily focused on implementing a 15 corporate minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income, expected to become applicable to the Company beginning in Fiscal 2023, and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company does not currently expect that the Inflation Reduction Act will have a material impact on its income taxes. 
 
 Global Store Network Optimization 
 
 The Company has a goal of opening smaller, omni-enabled stores that cater to local customers. The Company continues to use data to inform its focus on aligning store square footage with digital penetration and the Company delivered new store experiences across brands during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. Details related to these new store experiences follow: 
 
 Type of new store experience Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 New stores 59 38 Remodels 1 2 Right-sizes 8 5 Total 68 45 
 
 For the first time in more than a decade, the Company was a net store opener for the year. During Fiscal 2022, the Company opened 59 new stores, while closing 26 stores. Future closures could be completed through natural lease expirations, while certain other leases include early termination options that can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company may also elect to exit or modify other leases, and could incur charges related to these actions. 
 
 The actions taken in Fiscal 2022, combined with ongoing digital sales growth, are expected to continue to transform the Company's operating model and position the Company for the future. 
 
 Additional details related to store count and gross square footage follow: 
 Hollister (1) 
 Abercrombie (2) 
 Total Company (3) 
 United States International United States International United States International Total Number of stores: January 29, 2022 351 154 173 51 524 205 729 New 33 5 13 8 46 13 59 Closed (4) (10) (6) (6) (10) (16) (26) January 28, 2023 380 149 180 53 560 202 762 Gross square footage (in thousands) : 
 January 29, 2022 2,312 1,212 1,161 367 3,473 1,579 5,052 January 28, 2023 2,425 1,154 1,152 337 3,577 1,491 5,068 
 (1) Hollister includes the Company s Hollister and Gilly Hicks brands. Locations with Gilly Hicks carveouts within Hollister stores are represented as a single store count. Excludes 12 and 9 international franchise stores as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. Excludes 16 Company-operated temporary stores as of January 28, 2023 and 14 Company-operated temporary stores as of January 29, 2022. 
 (2) Abercrombie includes the Company s Abercrombie Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. Locations with abercrombie kids carveouts within Abercrombie Fitch stores are represented as a single store count. Excludes 23 international franchise stores as of January 28, 2023 and 14 international franchise stores as of January 29, 2022. Excludes three Company-operated temporary stores as of January 28, 2023 and five Company-operated temporary stores as of January 29, 2022. 
 (3) This store count excludes one international third-party operated multi-brand outlet store as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 Impact of Global Events and Uncertainty 
 
 As a global multi-brand omnichannel specialty retailer, with operations in North America, Europe and Asia, among other regions management is mindful of macroeconomic risks, global challenges and the changing global geopolitical environment, including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, which could adversely impact certain areas of the business. As a result management continues to monitor global events. The Company continues to assess the potential impacts that these events and similar events may have on the business in future periods and continues to develop and update contingency plans to assist in mitigating potential impacts. It is possible that the Company s preparations for such events are not adequate to mitigate their impact, and that these events could further adversely affect its business and results of operations. For a discussion of material risks that have the potential to cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 30 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Results 
 
 A summary of results for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 follows: 
 GAAP Non-GAAP (1) 
 (in thousands, except change in net sales, gross profit rate, operating income margin and per share amounts) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Net sales 3,697,751 3,712,768 Change in net sales from the prior fiscal year 19 Gross profit rate (2) 
 56.9 62.3 Operating income 92,648 343,084 106,679 355,184 Operating income margin 2.5 9.2 2.9 9.6 Net income attributable to A F (3) 
 2,816 263,010 13,045 272,689 Net income per diluted share attributable to A F (3) 
 0.05 4.20 0.25 4.35 
 
 (1) Refer to RESULTS OF OPERATIONS for details on excluded items. A reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, as well as a discussion as to why the Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors, is provided below under NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES . 
 (2) Gross profit is derived from cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization. 
 (3) Fiscal 2021 results include 42.5 million of tax benefits due to the release of valuation allowances as a result of the improvement seen in business conditions. Refer to Note 11, INCOME TAXES . 
 
 Certain components of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Balance Sheets data January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Cash and equivalents 517,602 823,139 Gross borrowings outstanding, carrying amount 299,730 307,730 Inventories 505,621 525,864 Statements of Cash Flows data Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities (2,343) 277,782 Net cash used for investing activities (140,675) (96,979) Net cash used for financing activities (155,329) (446,898) 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 31 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The estimated basis point BPS changes disclosed throughout this Results of Operations have been rounded based on the change in the percentage of net sales. 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 The Company s net sales by operating segment for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change Hollister 1,962,885 2,147,979 (185,094) (9) Abercrombie 1,734,866 1,564,789 170,077 11 Total Company 3,697,751 3,712,768 (15,017) 0 
 
 Net sales by geographic area are presented by attributing revenues on the basis of the country in which the merchandise was sold for in-store purchases and the shipping location provided by customers for digital orders. The Company s net sales by geographic area for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 were as follows: 
 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Change United States 2,758,294 2,652,158 106,136 4 EMEA 665,828 755,072 (89,244) (12) APAC 122,367 171,701 (49,334) (29) Other (1) 
 151,262 133,837 17,425 13 International 939,457 1,060,610 (121,153) (11) Total Company 3,697,751 3,712,768 (15,017) 0 
 (1) Other includes all sales that do not fall within the United States, EMEA, or APAC regions, which are derived primarily in Canada. 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, net sales were essentially flat as compared to Fiscal 2021, with a year-over year increase in AUR, offset by the adverse impact of foreign currency exchange rates. While sales in the United States grew 4 compared to Fiscal 2021, this was more than offset by an 11 decline in International, with continued softness in the APAC and EMEA regions. 
 
 Cost of Sales, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 1,593,213 43.1 1,400,773 37.7 540 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of net sales increased approximately 540 basis points as compared to Fiscal 2021. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by 520 basis points of higher freight and raw material costs and 40 basis points from the adverse impact of exchange rates, partially offset by higher average unit retail. 

Gross Profit, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Gross profit, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 2,104,538 56.9 2,311,995 62.3 (540) 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 32 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Stores and Distribution Expense 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Stores and distribution expense 1,482,931 40.1 1,428,323 38.5 160 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, stores and distribution expense increased 4 as compared to Fiscal 2021, primarily driven by a 40 million increase in digital fulfillment expense, reflecting higher shipping and handling and other fulfillment expenses, including costs associated with a new third-party fulfillment facility in the United States. 
 
 Marketing, General and Administrative Expense 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Marketing, general and administrative expense 517,602 14.0 536,815 14.5 (50) 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, marketing, general and administrative expense decreased 4 as compared to Fiscal 2021, primarily driven by a 26 million reduction in marketing and advertising expenses, as well as 26 million in lower incentive-based compensation. These amounts were partially offset by 23 million in higher payroll and 6 million in higher consulting and information technology expense. 

Asset Impairment 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Asset impairment 14,031 0.4 12,100 0.3 10 Excluded items: Asset impairment charges (1) 
 (14,031) (0.4) (12,100) (0.3) (10) Adjusted non-GAAP asset impairment, exclusive of flagship store exit charges 
 0.0 0.0 
 (1) Refer to NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES , for further details. 
 
 Refer to Note 8, ASSET IMPAIRMENT , for further discussion. 

Other Operating Income, Net 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Other operating income, net 2,674 0.1 8,327 0.2 (10) 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, other operating income, net, decreased as compared to Fiscal 2021, primarily due to 5.9 million foreign currency losses recognized in Fiscal 2022. 

Operating Income 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Operating income 92,648 2.5 343,084 9.2 (670) Excluded items: Asset impairment charges (1) 
 14,031 0.4 12,100 0.3 10 Adjusted non-GAAP operating income 106,679 2.9 355,184 9.6 (670) 
 (1) Refer to NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES , for further details. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 33 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, Net 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Interest expense 30,236 0.8 37,958 1.0 (20) Interest income (4,604) (0.1) (3,848) (0.1) Interest expense, net 25,632 0.7 34,110 0.9 (20) 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, interest expense, net, decreased 25 primarily driven by lower interest paid on a lower average outstanding balance in Fiscal 2022 resulting from current year and prior year debt repurchases, as compared to Fiscal 2021. 

Income Tax Expense 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands, except ratios) Effective Tax Rate Effective Tax Rate Income tax expense 56,631 84.5 38,908 12.6 Excluded items: Tax effect of pre-tax excluded items (1) 
 3,802 2,421 Adjusted non-GAAP income tax expense 60,433 74.6 41,329 12.9 
 (1) Refer to Operating Income for details of pre-tax excluded items. The tax effect of pre-tax excluded items is the difference between the tax provision calculation on a GAAP basis and an adjusted non-GAAP basis. Refer to NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES for further details. 
 
 During Fiscal 2022, the Company did not recognize income tax benefits on 136.5 million of pre-tax losses, primarily in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of 20.0 million. The primary driver relates to lower sales volume, higher AUC and overall expense deleverage within the APAC and EMEA regions. 
 
 During Fiscal 2021, as a result of the improvement seen in business conditions, the Company recognized 42.5 million of tax benefits due to the release of valuation allowances, primarily in the U.S. and Germany, and a discrete tax benefit of 3.9 million due to a rate change in the U.K. The Company did not recognize income tax benefits on 25.3 million of pre-tax losses generated in Fiscal 2021, primarily in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of 4.6 million 
 
 Refer to Note 11, INCOME TAXES , for further discussion on factors that impacted the effective tax rate in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to A F 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 (in thousands) of Net Sales of Net Sales BPS Change Net income attributable to A F 2,816 0.1 263,010 7.1 (700) Excluded items, net of tax (1) 
 10,229 0.3 9,679 0.3 Adjusted non-GAAP net income attributable to A F (2) 
 13,045 0.4 272,689 7.3 (690) 
 (1) Excludes items presented above under Operating Income , and Income Tax Expense . 
 
 Net Income Per Diluted Share Attributable to A F 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change Net income per diluted share attributable to A F 0.05 4.20 (4.15) Excluded items, net of tax (1) 
 0.20 0.15 0.05 Adjusted non-GAAP net income per diluted share attributable to A F 0.25 4.35 (4.10) Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates (0.36) 0.36 Adjusted non-GAAP net income per diluted share attributable to A F on a constant currency basis (2) 
 0.25 3.99 (3.74) 
 (1) Excludes items presented above under Operating Income , and Income Tax Expense . 
 (2) Refer to NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES , for further details. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 34 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company s capital allocation strategy, priorities and investments are reviewed by the Board of Directors considering both liquidity and valuation factors. The Company believes that it will have adequate liquidity to fund operating activities over the next twelve months. The Company monitors financing market conditions and may in the future determine whether and when to amend, modify, or restructure its ABL Facility and/or Senior Secured Notes. For a discussion of the Company s share repurchase activity and suspended dividend program, please see below under Share repurchases and dividends. 
 
 Primary Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The Company s business has two principal selling seasons: Spring and Fall. The Company experiences its greatest sales activity during Fall, due to back-to-school and holiday sales periods. The Company relies on excess operating cash flows, which are largely generated in Fall, to fund operations throughout the year and to reinvest in the business to support future growth. The Company also has the ABL Facility available as a source of additional funding, which is described further below under Credit Facility and Senior Secured Notes . 
 
 Over the next twelve months, the Company expects its primary cash requirements to be directed towards prioritizing investments in the business, including the modernization of our retail merchandising systems, and continuing to fund operating activities, including the acquisition of inventory, and obligations related to compensation, marketing, leases and any lease buyouts or modifications it may exercise, taxes and other operating activities. 
 
 The Company evaluates opportunities for investments in the business that are in line with initiatives that position the business for sustainable long-term growth that align with its strategic pillars as described within ITEM 1. BUSINESS - STRATEGY AND KEY BUSINESS PRIORITIES . Examples of potential investment opportunities include, but are not limited to, new store experiences , and continued investments in its digital and omnichannel initiatives. Historically, the Company has utilized cash flow generated from operations to fund any discretionary capital expenditures, which have been prioritized towards new store experiences, as well as digital and omnichannel investments, information technology, and other projects. For Fiscal 2022, the Company used 164.6 million towards capital expenditures, up from 97.0 million of capital expenditures in Fiscal 2021. Total capital expenditures for Fiscal 2023 are expected to be approximately 160 million. 
 
 Share Repurchases and Dividends 
 
 In November 2021, the Board of Directors approved a 500 million share repurchase authorization, replacing the prior 2021 share repurchase authorization of 10.0 million shares, which had approximately 3.9 million shares remaining available. During Fiscal 2022, the Company repurchased 4.8 million shares for approximately 126 million. 
 
 Historically, the Company has repurchased shares of its Common Stock, from time to time, dependent on market and business conditions, with the objectives of returning excess cash to shareholders and offsetting dilution from issuances of Common Stock associated with the exercise of employee stock appreciation rights and the vesting of restricted stock units. Shares may be repurchased in the open market, including pursuant to any trading plans established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, through privately negotiated transactions or other transactions or by a combination of such methods. Refer to ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the amount remaining available for repurchase under the Company s publicly announced stock repurchase authorization. 
 
 In May 2020, the Company announced that it had suspended its dividend program in order to preserve liquidity and maintain financial flexibility in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company may in the future review its dividend program to determine, in light of facts and circumstances at that time, whether and when to reinstate. Any dividends are declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reviews and establishes a dividend amount, if at all, based on A F s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, current and projected cash flows, business prospects and other factors, including any restrictions under the Company s agreements related to the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility. There can be no assurance that the Company will declare and pay dividends in the future or, if dividends are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past dividends. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 35 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facility and Senior Secured Notes 
 During Fiscal 2022, A F Management purchased 8.0 million of outstanding Senior Secured Notes and incurred a 0.1 million gain on extinguishment of debt, recognized in interest expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income . As of January 28, 2023, the Company had 299.7 million of gross indebtedness outstanding under the Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 In addition, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement continues to provide for the ABL Facility, which is a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to 400 million. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to eliminate LIBO rate based loans and to use the current market definitions with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR , as well as to make other conforming changes. 
 
 The Company did not have any borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility as of January 28, 2023 or as of January 29, 2022. 
 
 Details regarding the remaining borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility as of January 28, 2023 follow: 
 (in thousands) January 28, 2023 Loan cap 387,425 Less: Outstanding stand-by letters of credit (602) Borrowing capacity 386,823 Less: Minimum excess availability (1) 
 (38,743) Borrowing capacity available 348,080 
 (1) The Company must maintain excess availability equal to the greater of 10 of the loan cap or 30 million under the ABL Facility. 
 
 Refer to Note 12, BORROWINGS , for additional information. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company s earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries could be repatriated to the U.S., without incurring additional U.S. federal income tax. The Company determined that the balance of the Company s undistributed earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries as of February 2, 2019 are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S., and if these funds were to be repatriated to the U.S., the Company would expect to incur an insignificant amount of state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. The Company accrues for both state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes with respect to earnings and profits earned after February 2, 2019, in such a manner that these funds may be repatriated without incurring additional tax expense. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, 226.5 million of the Company s 517.6 million of cash and equivalents were held by foreign affiliates. 
 
 Refer to Note 11, INCOME TAXES , for additional details regarding the impact certain events related to the Company s income taxes had on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Analysis of Cash Flows 
 
 The table below provides certain components of the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents, beginning of period 834,368 1,124,157 Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities (2,343) 277,782 Net cash used for investing activities (140,675) (96,979) Net cash used for financing activities (155,329) (446,898) Effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash (8,452) (23,694) Net decrease in cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents (306,799) (289,789) Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents, end of period 527,569 834,368 
 
 Operating activities - For Fiscal 2022 net cash used for operating activities included the acquisition of inventory and increased payments to vendors, including additional rent payments made during the period due to fiscal calendar shifting relative to monthly rent due dates. 
 
 Investing activities - For Fiscal 2022, net cash used for investing activities was primarily attributable to capital expenditures of 164.6 million, partially offset by the proceeds from the withdrawal of 12.0 million of excess funds from Rabbi Trust assets and the sale of property and equipment of 11.9 million, as compared to net cash used for investing activities of 97.0 million in Fiscal 2021, primarily attributable to capital expenditures. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 36 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Financing activities - For Fiscal 2022, net cash used for financing activities primarily consisted of the repurchase of approximately 4.8 million shares of Common Stock in the open market with a market value of approximately 126 million, as well as the purchase of 8.0 million of outstanding Senior Secured Notes at a slight discount to par. For Fiscal 2021, net cash used for financing activities primarily consisted of the repurchase of approximately 10.2 million shares of Common Stock in the open market with a market value of approximately 377 million. In addition, the Company purchased 42.3 million of its outstanding Senior Secured Notes at a premium of 4.7 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company s contractual obligations were as follows: 
 Payments due by period (in thousands) Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Operating lease obligations (1) 
 1,084,674 263,666 379,625 270,251 171,132 Purchase obligations (2) 
 233,623 194,248 26,353 4,222 8,800 Long-term debt obligations (3) 
 299,730 299,730 Other obligations (4) 
 158,992 50,053 61,320 20,745 26,874 Total 1,777,019 507,967 767,028 295,218 206,806 
 (1) Operating lease obligations consist of the Company s future undiscounted operating lease payments, including future fixed lease payments associated with closed flagship stores. Operating lease obligations do not include variable payments related to both lease and nonlease components, such as contingent rent payments made by the Company based on performance, and payments related to taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs. Total variable lease cost was 150.9 million in Fiscal 2022. Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Leases , and Note 7, LEASES , for further discussion. 
 (2) Purchase obligations primarily consist of non-cancelable purchase orders for merchandise to be delivered during Fiscal 2023 and commitments for fabric expected to be used during upcoming seasons. In addition, purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services, including, but not limited to, information technology, digital and marketing contracts, as well as estimated obligations related to the Company s 13-year, 100 renewable energy supply agreement for its global home office and Company-owned distribution centers. 
 (3) Long-term debt obligations consist of principal payments under the Senior Secured Notes. Refer to Note 12, BORROWINGS , for further discussion. 
 (4) Other obligations consists of: interest payments related to the Senior Secured Notes assuming normally scheduled principal payments; estimated asset retirement obligations; known and scheduled payments related to the Company s deferred compensation and supplemental retirement plans; tax payments associated with the provisional, mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings, net payable over eight years pursuant to the The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; and minimum contractual obligations related to leases signed but not yet commenced, primarily related to the Company s stores. Refer to Note 7, LEASES , Note 11, INCOME TAXES , Note 12, BORROWINGS , and Note 16, SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLANS , for further discussion. 
 
 Due to uncertainty as to the amounts and timing of future payments, tax related to uncertain tax positions, including accrued interest and penalties, of 2.5 million as of January 28, 2023 is excluded from the contractual obligations table. Deferred taxes are also excluded in the contractual obligations table. For further discussion, refer to Note 11, INCOME TAXES . 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company had recorded 3.8 million and 41.3 million of obligations related to its deferred compensation and supplemental retirement plans in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively. Amounts payable with known payment dates of 15.4 million have been classified in the contractual obligations table based on those scheduled payment dates. However, it is not reasonably practicable to estimate the timing and amounts for the remainder of these obligations, therefore, those amounts have been excluded in the contractual obligations table. 
 
 A F had historically paid quarterly dividends on Common Stock prior to the suspension of the dividend program in May 2020. Because the dividend program remains suspended and the payment of future dividends is subject to determination and approval by the Board of Directors, there are no amounts included in the contractual obligations table related to dividends. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 The Company describes its significant accounting policies in Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Recent accounting pronouncements . The Company reviews recent accounting pronouncements on a quarterly basis and has excluded discussion of those not applicable to the Company and those that did not have, or are not expected to have, a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 37 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Since actual results may differ from those estimates, the Company revises its estimates and assumptions as new information becomes available. Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES , describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The estimates and assumptions discussed below include those that the Company believes are the most critical to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Policy Effect if Actual Results Differ from Assumptions Inventory Valuation The Company reviews inventories on a quarterly basis. The Company reduces the inventory valuation when the carrying cost of specific inventory items on hand exceeds the amount expected to be realized from the ultimate sale or disposal of the goods, through a lower of cost and net realizable value LCNRV adjustment. The LCNRV adjustment reduces inventory to its net realizable value based on the Company s consideration of multiple factors and assumptions, expected sell-off activity, composition and aging of inventory, historical recoverability experience and risk of obsolescence from changes in economic conditions or customer preferences. The Company does not expect material changes to the underlying assumptions used to measure the LCNRV estimate as of January 28, 2023. However, actual results could vary from estimates and could significantly impact the ending inventory valuation at cost, as well as gross profit. 
 
 An increase or decrease in the LCNRV adjustment of 10 would have affected pre-tax loss by approximately 3.6 million for Fiscal 2022. 
 Income Taxes The provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach. Tax laws often require items to be included in tax filings at different times than the items are being reflected in the financial statements. A current liability is recognized for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid. Deferred taxes are adjusted for enacted changes in tax rates and tax laws. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. The Company does not expect material changes in the judgments, assumptions or interpretations used to calculate the tax provision for Fiscal 2023. However, changes in these judgments, assumptions or interpretations may occur and should those changes be significant, they could have a material impact on the Company s income tax provision. As of the end of Fiscal 2022 , the Company had recorded valuation allowances of 130.6 million 
 Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets, primarily operating lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group might not be recoverable. These include, but are not limited to, material declines in operational performance, a history of losses, an expectation of future losses, adverse market conditions and store closure or relocation decisions. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company reviews for indicators of impairment at the individual store level, the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. Stores that display an indicator of impairment are subjected to an impairment assessment. The Company s impairment assessment requires management to make assumptions and judgments related, but not limited, to management s expectations for future operations and projected cash flows. The key assumption used in the Company s undiscounted future store cash flow models is estimated sales growth rate. An impairment loss may be recognized when these undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. In the circumstance of impairment, any loss would be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value of the Company s store-related assets is determined at the individual store level based on the highest and best use of the asset group. The key assumptions used in the Company s fair value analysis are estimated sales growth and comparable market rents. Store assets that were tested for impairment as of January 28, 2023 and not impaired, had long-lived assets with a net book value of 69.2 million, which included 54.5 million of operating lease right-of-use assets as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 Store assets that were previously impaired as of January 28, 2023, had a remaining net book value of 68.4 million, which included 62.3 million of operating lease right-of-use assets, as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 If actual results are not consistent with the estimates and assumptions used in assessing impairment or measuring impairment losses, there may be a material impact on the Company s financial condition or results of operation. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 38 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes discussion of certain financial measures on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis. The Company believes that each of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS is useful to investors as it provides a meaningful basis to evaluate the Company s operating performance excluding the effect of certain items that the Company believes do not reflect its future operating outlook, such as certain asset impairment charges, therefore supplementing investors understanding of comparability of operations across periods. Management used these non-GAAP financial measures during the periods presented to assess the Company s performance and to develop expectations for future operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures should be used as a supplement to, and not as an alternative to, the Company s GAAP financial results, and may not be calculated in the same manner as similar measures presented by other companies. 
 Excluded Items 
 
 The following financial measures are disclosed on a GAAP basis and on an adjusted non-GAAP basis excluding the following items, as applicable: 
 Financial measures (1) 
 Excluded items Asset impairment Certain asset impairment charges Operating income (loss) Certain asset impairment charges Income tax expense (2) 
 Tax effect of pre-tax excluded items Net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share attributable to A F (2) 
 Pre-tax excluded items and the tax effect of pre-tax excluded items 
 (1) Certain of these financial measures are also expressed as a percentage of net sales. 
 (2) The tax effect of excluded items is the difference between the tax provision calculation on a GAAP basis and on an adjusted non-GAAP basis. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 39 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Information on a Constant Currency Basis 
 
 The Company provides certain financial information on a constant currency basis to enhance investors understanding of underlying business trends and operating performance by removing the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Management also uses financial information on a constant currency basis to award employee performance-based compensation. The effect from foreign currency exchange rates, calculated on a constant currency basis, is determined by applying the current period s foreign currency exchange rates to the prior year s results and is net of the year-over-year impact from hedging. The per diluted share effect from foreign currency exchange rates is calculated using a 26 effective tax rate. 
 
 A reconciliation of financial metrics on a constant currency basis to GAAP for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 is as follows: 
 (in thousands, except change in net sales, gross profit rate, operating margin and per share data) Net sales Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change GAAP 3,697,751 3,712,768 0 Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates (81,803) 2 Net sales on a constant currency basis 3,697,751 3,630,965 2 Gross profit Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 BPS Change (1) 
 GAAP 2,104,538 2,311,995 (540) Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates (66,846) 40 Gross profit on a constant currency basis 2,104,538 2,245,149 (490) Operating income Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 BPS Change (1) 
 GAAP 92,648 343,084 (670) Excluded items (2) 
 (14,031) (12,100) 0 Adjusted non-GAAP 106,679 355,184 (670) Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates (30,130) 60 Adjusted non-GAAP on a constant currency basis 106,679 325,054 (610) Net income per diluted share attributable to A F Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Change GAAP 0.05 4.20 (4.15) Excluded items, net of tax (2) 
 (0.20) (0.15) (0.05) Adjusted non-GAAP 0.25 4.35 (4.10) Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates (0.36) 0.36 Adjusted non-GAAP on a constant currency basis 0.25 3.99 (3.74) 
 
 (1) The estimated basis point change has been rounded based on the percentage of net sales change. 
 (2) Refer to RESULTS OF OPERATIONS , for details on excluded items. The tax effect of excluded items is calculated as the difference between the tax provision on a GAAP basis and an adjusted non-GAAP basis. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 40 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
 
 The Company maintains its cash equivalents in financial instruments, primarily money market funds and time deposits, with original maturities of three months or less. Due to the short-term nature of these instruments, changes in interest rates are not expected to materially affect the fair value of these financial instruments. 
 
 Refer to Note 9, RABBI TRUST ASSETS , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the Company s Rabbi Trust assets. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
 Prior to July 2, 2020, our exposure to market risk due to changes in interest rates related primarily to the increase or decrease in the amount of interest expense from fluctuations in the LIBO rate, or an alternate base rate associated with the ABL Facility and the Company s prior term loan facility. On July 2, 2020, the Company issued the Senior Secured Notes due in 2025 with a 8.75 fixed interest rate per annum and repaid all outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility and its prior term loan facility, thereby eliminating any then existing cash flow market risk due to changes in interest rates. The Senior Secured Notes are exposed to interest rate risk that is limited to changes in fair value. This analysis for Fiscal 2023 may differ from actual results due to potential changes in gross borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility and potential changes in interest rate terms and limitations described within the associated credit agreement. 
 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBO rate) announced it intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBO rate after 2021. Certain publications of the LIBO rate were phased out at the end of 2021 and all LIBO rate publications will cease after June 30, 2023. The transition from the LIBO rate to alternative rates is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s interest expense. On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to eliminate LIBO rate based loans and to use the current market definitions with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as well as to make other conforming changes. 
 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK 
 
 A F s international subsidiaries generally operate with functional currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Since the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in U.S. dollars, the Company must translate all components of these financial statements from functional currencies into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of the reporting period. The fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies affects the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. The potential impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increases as international operations relative to domestic operations increase. 
 
 A F and its subsidiaries have exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates associated with foreign currency transactions and forecasted foreign currency transactions, including the purchase of inventory between subsidiaries and foreign-currency-denominated assets and liabilities. The Company has established a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency exchange forward contracts to partially offset the risks associated with the effects of certain foreign currency transactions and forecasted transactions. Under this program, increases or decreases in foreign currency exchange rate exposures are partially offset by gains or losses on foreign currency exchange forward contracts, to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange gains or losses. The Company does not use forward contracts to engage in currency speculation. Outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts are recorded at fair value at the end of each fiscal period. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange forward contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company assessed the risk of loss in fair values from the effect of a hypothetical 10 devaluation of the U.S. dollar against the exchange rates for foreign currencies under forward contracts. Such a hypothetical devaluation would decrease derivative instrument fair values by approximately 15.3 million. As the Company s foreign currency exchange forward contracts are primarily designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions, the hypothetical change in fair values would be expected to be largely offset by the net change in fair values of the underlying hedged items. Refer to Note 14, DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS , included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fair value of outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts included in other current assets and accrued expenses as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. 
 
 For a detailed discussion of material risk factors that have the potential to cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations, refer to ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 41 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (Thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Net sales Cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization Gross profit Stores and distribution expense Marketing, general and administrative expense Asset impairment Other operating Income, net ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to A F ) Net income (loss) per share attributable to A F Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Diluted Other comprehensive (loss) income Foreign currency translation, net of tax ) ) Derivative financial instruments, net of tax 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to A F ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 42 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Thousands, except par value amounts) 
 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and equivalents Receivables Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Short-term portion of operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term portion of borrowings, net Other liabilities Total long-term liabilities Stockholders equity Class A Common Stock - par value: shares authorized and shares issued for all periods presented 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax AOCL ) ) Treasury stock, at average cost: and shares at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Total A F stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 43 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (Thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Paid-in capital Non-controlling interests Retained earnings AOCL Treasury stock Total stockholders equity Shares outstanding Par value Shares At average cost Balance, February 1, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation issuances and exercises ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Derivative financial instruments, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax Distributions to noncontrolling interests, net ) ) Balance, January 30, 2021 ) ) Net income Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation issuances and exercises ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Derivative financial instruments, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests, net ) ) Balance, January 29, 2022 ) ) Net income Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation issuances and exercises ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Derivative financial instruments, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests, net ) ) Balance, January 28, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 44 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Thousands) 
 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used for) provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Asset impairment Loss on disposal Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes ) Share-based compensation (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) Changes in assets and liabilities Inventories ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Operating lease right-of use assets and liabilities ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) Other assets ) Other liabilities ) Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities ) Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Withdrawal of funds from Rabbi Trust assets Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Proceeds from borrowings under the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility Repayment of borrowings under the term loan facility ) Repayment of borrowings under the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility ) Purchase of senior secured notes ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs and fees ) ) ) Purchases of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents ) ) Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents, beginning of period Cash and equivalents, and restricted cash and equivalents, end of period Supplemental information related to non-cash activities Purchases of property and equipment not yet paid at end of period Operating lease right-of-use assets additions, net of terminations, impairments and other reductions ) Supplemental information related to cash activities Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Cash received from income tax refunds Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of operating lease liabilities, net of abatements received of million and million in Fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 45 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page No. Note 1. 
 NATURE OF BUSINESS 
 47 
 Note 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 47 
 Note 3. 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 56 
 Note 4. 
 FAIR VALUE 
 57 
 Note 5. 
 INVENTORIES 
 58 
 Note 6. 
 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 
 59 
 Note 7. 
 LEASES 
 59 
 Note 8. 
 ASSET IMPAIRMENT 
 60 
 Note 9. 
 RABBI TRUST ASSETS 
 61 
 Note 10. 
 ACCRUED EXPENSES 
 61 
 Note 11. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 61 
 Note 12. 
 BORROWINGS 
 65 
 Note 13. 
 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
 67 
 Note 14. 
 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
 70 
 Note 15. 
 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 71 
 Note 16. 
 SAVINGS AND RETIREMENT PLANS 
 72 
 Note 17. 
 SEGMENT REPORTING 
 72 
 Note 18. 
 CONTINGENCIES 
 73 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 46 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

2. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 47 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Cash equivalents: (2) 
 Time deposits Money market funds Cash and equivalents 

Long-term restricted cash and equivalents Other assets Short-term restricted cash and equivalents Other current assets Restricted cash and equivalents (1) 
 Cash and equivalents and restricted cash and equivalents 
 (1) 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 48 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Property and Equipment, Net 
 
 Depreciation of property and equipment is computed for financial reporting purposes on a straight-line basis using the following service lives: 
 Category of property and equipment Service lives Information technology - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Leasehold improvements - years 
 Other property and equipment - years 
 Buildings years 

Leasehold improvements are amortized over either their respective lease terms or their service lives, whichever is shorter. The cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with any resulting gain or loss included in net income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major remodels and improvements that extend the service lives of the related assets are capitalized. 
 
 The Company capitalizes certain direct costs associated with the development and purchase of internal-use software within property and equipment and other assets. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, generally not exceeding seven years. 
 
 Refer to Note 6, PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET . 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 49 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Other Assets 
 
 Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist primarily of the Company s trust-owned life insurance policies held in the irrevocable rabbi trust (the Rabbi Trust ), deferred tax assets, long-term deposits, intellectual property, long-term restricted cash and equivalents, long-term supplies and various other assets. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 50 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

to years. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 51 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 52 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

par value, and Class B Common Stock, par value, follows: 
 (in thousands) January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Class A Common Stock Shares authorized Shares issued Shares outstanding Class B Common Stock (1) 
 Shares authorized 
 . 
 
 Holders of Class A Common Stock generally have identical rights to holders of Class B Common Stock, except holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to three votes per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 53 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 54 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

par value (the Common Stock from treasury stock upon exercise of stock appreciation rights and vesting of restricted stock units, including those converted from performance share awards. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had sufficient treasury stock available to settle restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights outstanding. Settlement of stock awards in Common Stock also requires that the Company have sufficient shares available in stockholder-approved plans at the applicable time. 
 
 In the event there are not sufficient shares of Common Stock available to be issued under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors (as amended effective May 20, 2020, the 2016 Directors LTIP and the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates (as amended effective June 8, 2022, the 2016 Associates LTIP ), or under a successor or replacement plan at each reporting date as of which share-based compensation awards remain outstanding, the Company may be required to designate some portion of the outstanding awards to be settled in cash, which would result in liability classification of such awards. The fair value of liability-classified awards would be re-measured each reporting date until such awards no longer remain outstanding or until sufficient shares of Common Stock become available to be issued under the existing plans or under a successor or replacement plan. As long as the awards are required to be classified as a liability, the change in fair value would be recognized in current period expense based on the requisite service period rendered. 
 
 Fair value of both service-based and performance-based restricted stock units is calculated using the market price of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant reduced for anticipated dividend payments on unvested shares. In determining fair value, the Company does not take into account performance-based vesting requirements. Performance-based vesting requirements are taken into account in determining the number of awards expected to vest. For market-based restricted stock units, fair value is calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation with the number of shares that ultimately vest dependent on the Company s total stockholder return measured against the total stockholder return of a select group of peer companies over a three-year period. For awards with performance-based or market-based vesting requirements, the number of shares that ultimately vest can vary from 0 to 200 of target depending on the level of achievement of performance criteria. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of stock appreciation rights using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the Company to estimate the expected term of the stock appreciation rights and expected future stock price volatility over the expected term. Estimates of expected terms, which represent the expected periods of time the Company believes stock appreciation rights will be outstanding, are based on historical experience. Estimates of expected future stock price volatility are based on the volatility of the Common Stock price for the most recent historical period equal to the expected term of the stock appreciation rights, as appropriate. The Company calculates the volatility as the annualized standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the weekly closing price of the Common Stock, adjusted for stock splits and dividends. 
 
 Service-based restricted stock units are expensed on a straight-line basis over the award s requisite service period. Performance-based restricted stock units subject to graded vesting are expensed on an accelerated attribution basis. Performance share award expense is primarily recognized in the performance period of the award s requisite service period. Market-based restricted stock units without graded vesting features are expensed on a straight-line basis over the award s requisite service period. Compensation expense for stock appreciation rights is recognized on a straight-line basis over the award s requisite service period. The Company adjusts share-based compensation expense on a quarterly basis for actual forfeitures. 
 
 For awards that are expected to result in a tax deduction, a deferred tax asset is recorded in the period in which share-based compensation expense is recognized. A current tax deduction arises upon the issuance of restricted stock units and performance share awards or the exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights and is principally measured at the award s intrinsic value. If the tax deduction differs from the recorded deferred tax asset, the excess tax benefit or deficit associated with the tax deduction is recognized within income tax expense. 
 
 Refer to Note 13, SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION . 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 55 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Weighted-average treasury shares ) ) ) Weighted-average basic shares Dilutive effect of share-based compensation awards 
 Weighted-average diluted shares Anti-dilutive shares (1) 

(1) 

3. 
 
 Loyalty programs liability 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 56 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Revenue associated with reward redemptions and breakage related to the Company s loyalty programs 

Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Revenue recognition , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company s revenue recognition. 

4. 
 
 Derivative instruments (2) 
 Rabbi Trust assets (3) 
 Restricted cash equivalents (1) 
 Total assets Liabilities: Derivative instruments (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 Assets and Liabilities at Fair Value as of January 29, 2022 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash equivalents (1) 
 Derivative instruments (2) 
 Rabbi Trust assets (3) 
 Restricted cash equivalents (1) 
 Total assets 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 The Company s Level 2 assets and liabilities consisted of: 
 Trust-owned life insurance policies, which were valued using the cash surrender value of the life insurance policies; 
 Time deposits, which were valued at cost, approximating fair value, due to the short-term nature of these investments; and 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 57 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Gross borrowings outstanding, fair value 

5. 
 
 Less: Lower of cost and net realizable value adjustment ) ) Inventories (1) 

million and million of inventory in transit, merchandise owned by the Company that has not yet been received at a Company DC, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Cambodia China (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total 100 100 
 
 (1) . 
 (2) , and of total merchandise receipts were directly imported to the United States from China in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 (3) . 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Inventories , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company s inventories. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 58 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

6. 
 
 Buildings Furniture, fixtures and equipment Information technology Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Other Total Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Refer to Note 8, ASSET IMPAIRMENT , for details related to property and equipment impairment charges incurred during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020. 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Property and equipment, net , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company s property and equipment, net. 

7. 
 
 Variable lease cost (2) 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset impairment (3) 
 Sublease income ) ) Total operating lease cost 
 (1) 
 (2) million, million and million of rent abatements in Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively, related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that resulted in lease concessions with total payments required by the modified contract being substantially the same as or less than total payments required by the original contract. The total benefit related to rent abatements recognized during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 (3) 

Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 59 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 and thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 The Company had temporarily suspended rent payments for a number of stores that were closed as a result of COVID-19, and has had success in obtaining certain rent abatements and landlord concessions of rent payable. 
 
 During Fiscal 2020, the Company entered into a sublease agreement with a third party for the remaining lease term of one of its European Abercrombie Fitch flagship store locations upon its closure. As of January 28, 2023, the Company's subleased property had a remaining lease term of years with the sublease term from February 1, 2021 through November 30, 2027. Future minimum tenant operating lease payments remaining under this sublease as of January 28, 2023 were million. 
 
 million as of January 28, 2023. 

8. 
 
 Property and equipment asset impairment (1) 
 Total asset impairment 
 (1) million and other asset impairment of million. Amounts for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 only include store asset impairment. 
 
 Asset impairment charges for Fiscal 2022 were related to certain of the Company s assets including stores across brands, geographies and store formats and other assets. The impairment charges for Fiscal 2022 reduced the then carrying amount of the impaired stores assets to their fair value of approximately million, including million related to operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 Asset impairment charges for Fiscal 2021 were related to certain of the Company s stores across brands, geographies and store formats. The impairment charges for Fiscal 2021 reduced the then carrying amount of the impaired stores assets to their fair value of approximately million, including million related to operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 Asset impairment charges for Fiscal 2020 were principally the result of the impact of COVID-19 and were related to certain of the Company s stores across brands, geographies and store formats. The impairment charges for Fiscal 2020 reduced the then carrying amount of the impaired stores assets to their fair value of approximately million, including million related to operating lease right-of-use assets. 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Long-lived Asset Impairment , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to impairment of the Company s long-lived assets. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 60 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

9. 
 
 Money market funds Rabbi Trust assets 
 
 Realized gains resulting from the change in cash surrender value of the Rabbi Trust assets for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Realized gains related to Rabbi Trust assets 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Rabbi Trust Assets , for further discussion related to the Company s Rabbi Trust assets. 

10. 
 
 Accrued costs related to the Company s DCs and digital operations Other (2) 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 

11. 
 
 million of pre-tax losses, primarily in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of million. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company had net deferred tax assets of approximately million, million, and million in China, Japan, and the United Kingdom, respectively. In China, while the Company believes these net deferred tax assets are more-likely-than-not to be realized, it is not a certainty, as the Company continues to evaluate and respond to emerging situations, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The company is closely monitoring its operations on China. Should circumstances change, the net deferred tax assets may become subject to valuation allowances in the future, which would result in additional tax expense. 
 
 Impact of valuation allowances and other tax benefits during Fiscal 2021 
 
 During Fiscal 2021, as a result of the improvement seen in business conditions, the Company recognized million of tax benefits due to the release of valuation allowances, primarily in the U.S. and Germany, and a discrete tax benefit of million due to a rate change in the United Kingdom. The Company did not recognize income tax benefits on million of pre-tax losses generated in Fiscal 2021, primarily in Switzerland, resulting in adverse tax impacts of million. 
 
 As of January 29, 2022, the Company had net deferred tax assets of approximately million, million, and million in China, Japan, and the United Kingdom, respectively. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 61 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

million of adverse tax impacts, ultimately giving rise to income tax expense on a consolidated pre-tax loss. During Fiscal 2020, due to the significant adverse impacts of COVID-19, the Company did not recognize income tax benefits on million of pre-tax losses, resulting in an adverse tax impact of million. The Company recognized charges of million related to the establishment of valuation allowances and other tax charges in certain jurisdictions during Fiscal 2020, including, but not limited to, the U.S., Switzerland, Germany and Japan, principally as a result of the significant adverse impacts of COVID-19. 
 
 ) Foreign ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 (1) 
 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal (1) 
 ) ) State ) Foreign (1) 
 ) Total deferred ) Income tax expense 
 (1) 
 
 The Company s earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries could be repatriated to the U.S., without incurring additional U.S. federal income tax. The Company determined that the balance of the Company s undistributed earnings and profits from its foreign subsidiaries as of February 2, 2019 are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S., and if these funds were to be repatriated to the U.S., the Company would expect to incur an insignificant amount of state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. The Company accrues for both state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes with respect to earnings and profits earned after February 2, 2019, in such a manner that these funds may be repatriated without incurring additional tax expense. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 62 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Net change in valuation allowances ) ) Foreign taxation of non-U.S. operations (1) 
 State income tax, net of U.S. federal income tax effect Audit and other adjustments to prior years' accruals, net Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) ) Additional U.S. taxation of non-U.S.operations ) Tax expense (benefit) recognized on share-based compensation expense (2) 
 ) ) ) Credit for increasing research activities ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other items, net ) Other statutory tax rate and law changes ) Total ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 The impact of various tax items on the Company's effective tax rate were amplified on a percentage basis at lower levels of consolidated pre-tax income (loss) in absolute dollars. The effective tax rate remains dependent on jurisdictional mix. The taxation of non-U.S. operations line items in the table above excludes items related to the Company's non-U.S. operations reported separately in the appropriate corresponding line items. 
 
 For Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, the impact of taxation of non-U.S. operations on the Company's effective income tax rate was related to the Company's jurisdictional mix driven primarily by the Company s operations within Switzerland. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 63 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Intangibles, foreign step-up in basis (1) 
 Net operating losses (NOL), tax credit and other carryforwards Accrued expenses and reserves Deferred compensation Inventory Rent Other Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Property and equipment and intangibles ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Store supplies ) ) Undistributed profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries ) ) Rent ) U.S. offset to foreign deferred tax assets, excluding intangibles, foreign step-up in basis (2) 
 ) Other ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax assets (2) 
 
 (1) 

As of January 28, 2023, the Company had deferred tax assets related to foreign and state NOL and credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, that could be utilized to reduce future years tax liabilities. If not utilized, a portion of the foreign NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025 and a portion of state NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025. Some foreign NOLs have an indefinite carryforward period. As of January 28, 2023, the Company did not have any deferred tax assets related to federal NOL and credit carryforwards that could be utilized to reduce future years tax liabilities. 
 
 The valuation allowances for Fiscal 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million, million and million, respectively. The valuation allowances as of Fiscal 2022 have been established against deferred tax assets, primarily in Japan and Switzerland. All valuation allowances have been reflected through the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. The valuation allowances will remain until there is sufficient positive evidence to release them, such positive evidence would include having positive income within the jurisdiction. In such case, the Company will record an adjustment in the period in which a determination is made. The Company continues to review the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 64 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Gross addition for tax positions of the current year Gross addition (reduction) for tax positions of prior years ) Reductions of tax positions of prior years for: Lapses of applicable statutes of limitations ) ) ) Settlements during the period ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions, end of year 
 
 The IRS is currently conducting an examination of the Company s U.S. federal income tax returns for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 as part of the IRS Compliance Assurance Process program. The IRS examinations for Fiscal 2020 and prior years have been completed. State and foreign returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after the filing of the respective return. The Company typically has various state and foreign income tax returns in the process of examination, administrative appeals or litigation. The outcome of the examinations is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. The Company believes that some of these audits and negotiations will conclude within the next 12 months and that it is reasonably possible the amount of uncertain income tax positions, including interest, may change by an immaterial amount due to settlement of audits and expiration of statues of limitations. 
 
 The Company does not expect material adjustments to the total amount of uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months, but the outcome of tax matters is uncertain and unforeseen results can occur. 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Income Taxes , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company s income taxes. 

12. 
 
 Unamortized fees ) ) Long-term portion of borrowings, net 
 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 
 On July 2, 2020, Abercrombie Fitch Management Co. A F Management ), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of A F, completed the private offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes (the Senior Secured Notes ), at an offering price of 100 of the principal amount thereof. The Senior Secured Notes will mature on July 15, 2025 and bear interest at a rate of per annum, with semi-annual interest payments, which began in January 2021. The Senior Secured Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among A F Management, A F and certain of A F s wholly-owned subsidiaries, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association (now known as U.S. Bank Trust National Association), as trustee, and as collateral agent. During Fiscal 2022 and 2021, A F Management purchased million and million, respectively, of outstanding Senior Secured Notes and incurred million of gain and million of loss, respectively, on extinguishment of debt, recognized in interest expense, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income. 
 
 The Company used the net proceeds from the offering of the Senior Secured Notes to repay outstanding borrowings and 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 65 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

million and million under its prior term loan facility and the ABL Facility (defined below), respectively, with the remaining net proceeds used towards fees and expenses in connection with such repayments and the offering of the Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 The Company recorded deferred financing fees associated with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes, which are being amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the Senior Secured Notes. 
 
 ABL Facility 
 
 On April 29, 2021, A F Management, in A F Management s capacity as the lead borrower, and the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, amended and restated in its entirety the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2014, as amended on September 10, 2015, and on October 19, 2017 (as amended and restated, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ), among A F Management, the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders, and the other parties thereto. 
 
 The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement continues to provide for a senior secured revolving credit facility of up to million (the ABL Facility ), and (i) extended the maturity date of the ABL Facility to ; and (ii) modified the required fee on undrawn commitments under the ABL Facility from per annum to either or per annum (with the ultimate amount dependent on the conditions detailed in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). 
 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement to eliminate LIBO rate based loans and to use the current market definitions with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as well as to reflect other conforming changes. 
 
 The Company did have any borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility as of January 28, 2023 or as of January 29, 2022. 
 
 The ABL Facility is subject to a borrowing base, consisting primarily of U.S. inventory, with a letter of credit sub-limit of 50 million and an accordion feature allowing A F to increase the revolving commitment by up to 100 million subject to specified conditions. The ABL Facility is available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company had availability under the ABL Facility of million, net of million in outstanding stand-by letters of credit. As the Company must maintain excess availability equal to the greater of 10 of the loan cap or 30 million under the ABL Facility, borrowing capacity available to the Company under the ABL Facility was million as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 Obligations under the ABL Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by A F and certain of A F s subsidiaries. The ABL Facility is secured by a first-priority security interest in certain working capital of the borrowers and guarantors consisting of inventory, accounts receivable and certain other assets. The ABL Facility is also secured by a second-priority security interest in certain property and assets of the borrowers and guarantors, including certain fixed assets, intellectual property, stock of subsidiaries and certain after-acquired material real property. 
 
 At the Company s option, borrowings under the ABL Facility will bear interest at either (a) an adjusted LIBO rate plus a margin of to per annum, or (b) an alternate base rate plus a margin of to per annum. As of January 28, 2023, the applicable margins with respect to LIBO rate loans and base rate loans, including swing line loans, under the ABL Facility were and per annum, respectively, and are subject to adjustment each fiscal quarter based on average historical availability during the preceding quarter. Following the March 15, 2023 amendment, borrowings under the ABL will bear interest using the current market SOFR rate. Customary agency fees and letter of credit fees are also payable in respect of the ABL Facility. 
 
 Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
 
 The agreements related to the Senior Secured Notes and the ABL Facility contain various representations, warranties and restrictive covenants that, among other things and subject to specified exceptions, restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to: grant or incur liens; incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness; sell or otherwise dispose of assets, including capital stock of subsidiaries; make investments in certain subsidiaries; pay dividends, make distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; change the nature of their business; and consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of the assets of the Company or A F Management to, another entity. 
 
 The Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by A F and each of the existing and future wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries of A F that guarantee or will guarantee A F Management s ABL Facility or certain future capital markets indebtedness. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 66 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

13. 
 
 primary share-based compensation plans: (i) the 2016 Directors LTIP, with shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance, under which the Company is authorized to grant restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, stock options and deferred stock awards to non-associate members of the Board of Directors; and (ii) the 2016 Associates LTIP, with shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance, under which the Company is authorized to grant restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share awards, stock appreciation rights and stock options to associates of the Company. The Company also has outstanding shares from other share-based compensation plans under which the Company granted restricted stock units, performance share awards, stock appreciation rights and stock options to associates of the Company and restricted stock units, stock options and deferred stock awards to non-associate members of the Board of Directors in prior years. No new shares may be granted under these previously-authorized plans and any outstanding awards continue in effect in accordance with their respective terms. 
 
 The 2016 Directors LTIP, a stockholder-approved plan, permits the Company to annually grant awards to non-associate directors, subject to the following limits: 
 
 For non-associate directors: awards with an aggregate fair market value on the date of the grant of no more than ; 
 For the non-associate director occupying the role of Non-Executive Chairperson of the Board (if any): additional awards with an aggregate fair market value on the date of grant of no more than ; and 
 For the non-associate director occupying the role of Executive Chairperson of the Board (if any): additional awards with an aggregate fair market value on the date of grant of no more than . 
 
 Under the 2016 Directors LTIP, restricted stock units are subject to a minimum vesting period ending no sooner than the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the date of the next regularly scheduled annual meeting of stockholders held after the grant date. Any stock appreciation rights or stock options granted under this plan have the same minimum vesting period requirements as restricted stock units and, in addition, must have a term that does not exceed a period of ten years from the grant date, subject to forfeiture under the terms of the 2016 Directors LTIP. 
 
 The 2016 Associates LTIP, a stockholder-approved plan, permits the Company to annually grant one or more types of awards covering up to an aggregate for all awards of 1.0 million underlying shares of the Common Stock to any associate of the Company. Under the 2016 Associates LTIP, for restricted stock units that have performance-based vesting, performance must be measured over a period of at least one year and for restricted stock units that do not have performance-based vesting, vesting in full may not occur more quickly than in pro-rata installments over a period of three years from the date of the grant, with the first installment vesting no sooner than the first anniversary of the date of the grant. In addition, any stock options or stock appreciation rights granted under this plan must have a minimum vesting period of one year and a term that does not exceed a period of ten years from the grant date, subject to forfeiture under the terms of the 2016 Associates LTIP. 
 
 Each of the 2016 Directors LTIP and the 2016 Associates LTIP provides for accelerated vesting of awards if there is a change of control and certain other conditions specified in each plan are met. 
 
 Financial Statement Impact 
 
 Income tax benefit associated with share-based compensation expense recognized during the period (1) 
 
 (1) No income tax benefit was recognized during Fiscal 2020 due to the establishment of a valuation allowance. 
 
 The following table details discrete income tax benefits and charges related to share-based compensation awards during Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 67 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

) Income tax discrete charges realized upon cancellation of stock appreciation rights during the period ) ) ) Total income tax discrete benefits (charges) related to share-based compensation awards ) 
 
 The following table details the amount of employee tax withheld by the Company upon the issuance of shares associated with restricted stock units vesting and the exercise of stock appreciation rights for the Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Employee tax withheld upon issuance of shares (1) 

Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Granted Change due to performance criteria achievement Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested at January 28, 2023 (1) 

(1) of their target vesting amount in the table above. Unvested shares related to restricted stock units with performance-based and market-based vesting conditions can be achieved at up to 200 of their target vesting amount. 
 
 The following table details unrecognized compensation cost and the remaining weighted-average period over which these costs are expected to be recognized for restricted stock units as of January 28, 2023: 
 (in thousands) Service-based Restricted Stock Units Performance-based Restricted Stock Units Market-based Restricted Stock Units Unrecognized compensation cost Remaining weighted-average period cost is expected to be recognized (years) 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 68 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

Total grant date fair value of awards vested Total intrinsic value of awards vested Performance-based restricted stock units: Total grant date fair value of awards granted Total grant date fair value of awards vested Market-based restricted stock units: Total grant date fair value of awards granted Total grant date fair value of awards vested Total intrinsic value of awards vested 
 
 Fair value Assumptions: Price volatility Expected term (years) Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Average volatility of peer companies Average correlation coefficient of peer companies 
 
 Stock Appreciation Rights 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at January 28, 2023 Stock appreciation rights exercisable at January 28, 2023 
 stock appreciation rights were exercised during Fiscal 2022 or Fiscal 2020. The grant date fair value of awards exercised during Fiscal 2021 follows: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2021 Total grant date fair value of awards exercised 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Share-Based Compensation , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to share-based compensation. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 69 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

14. 
 
 British pound Canadian dollar 
 Japanese yen 
 
 (1) 
 
 The fair value of derivative instruments is determined using quoted market prices of the same or similar instruments, adjusted for counterparty risk. 
 Accrued expenses 
 
 Refer to Note 4, FAIR VALUE , for further discussion of the determination of the fair value of derivative instruments. 
 Gain reclassified from AOCL into cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization (2) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Substantially all of the unrealized gains or losses related to foreign currency exchange forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments as of January 28, 2023 will be recognized within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income over the next 12 months. 
 
 Additional information pertaining to derivative gains or losses from foreign currency exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 follows: 
 (in thousands) Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021 Fiscal 2020 Gain recognized in other operating income, net 
 
 Refer to Note 2, SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Derivative Instruments , for discussion regarding significant accounting policies related to the Company s derivative instruments. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 70 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

15. ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassified gain from AOCL (1) 
 ) ) Tax effect Other comprehensive loss after reclassifications ) ) ) Ending balance at January 28, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassified gain from AOCL (1) 
 ) ) Tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income after reclassifications ) ) Ending balance at January 29, 2022 
 ) ) 
 (1) 

Fo ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Reclassified gain from AOCL (1) 
 ) ) Tax effect (2) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) after reclassifications ) Ending balance at January 30, 2021 
 ) ) ) 
 
 (2) No income tax benefit was recognized during Fiscal 2020 due to the establishment of a valuation allowance. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 71 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

16. 
 
 years of age. In addition, the Company maintains the Abercrombie Fitch Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan, comprised of two sub-plans (Plan I and Plan II). Plan I contains contributions made through December 31, 2004, while Plan II contains contributions made on and after January 1, 2005. Participation in these plans is based on service and compensation. The Company s contributions to these plans are based on a percentage of associates eligible annual compensation. The cost of the Company s contributions to these plans was million, million and million for Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the Company maintains the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan which provides retirement income to its former Chief Executive Officer for life, based on averaged compensation before retirement, including base salary and cash incentive compensation. As of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the Company has recorded million and million, respectively, in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to future Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan distributions. 

17. 
 
 operating segments are brand-based: Hollister, which includes the Company s Hollister, Gilly Hicks and Social Tourist brands, and Abercrombie, which includes the Company s Abercrombie Fitch and abercrombie kids brands. These operating segments have similar economic characteristics, classes of consumers, products, and production and distribution methods, operate in the same regulatory environments, and have been aggregated into reportable segment. Amounts shown below include net sales from wholesale, franchise and licensing operations, which are not a significant component of total revenue, and are aggregated within their respective operating segment and geographic area. 
 
 Abercrombie Total 
 
 EMEA APAC Other (1) 
 Total international Total 
 (1) Other includes all sales that do not fall within the United States, EMEA, or APAC regions, which are derived primarily in Canada. 

EMEA APAC Other (1) 
 Total international Total (1) Other includes amounts that do not fall within the United States, EMEA, or APAC regions, which are derived primarily in Canada. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 72 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 

18. 

Abercrombie Fitch Co. 73 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Abercrombie Fitch Co. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Abercrombie Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 74 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Stores 
 
 As described in Notes 2, 6 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated property and equipment, net balance was 551.6 million and consolidated operating lease right-of-use assets balance was 723.6 million as of January 28, 2023. During the year ended January 28, 2023, the Company recognized long-lived asset store impairment charges of 
 11.0 million. The Company s long-lived assets, primarily operating lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the store level, which is the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. On at least a quarterly basis, management reviews the Company s asset groups for indicators of impairment, which include, but are not limited to, material declines in operational performance, a history of losses, an expectation of future losses, adverse market conditions, store closure or relocation decisions, and any other events or changes in circumstances that would indicate the carrying amount of an asset group might not be recoverable. If an asset group displays an indicator of impairment, it is tested for recoverability by comparing the sum of the estimated future undiscounted cash flows attributable to the asset group to the carrying amount of the asset group. This recoverability test requires management to make assumptions and judgments related, but not limited, to management s expectations for future cash flows from operating the store. The key assumption used in developing these projected cash flows used in the recoverability test is estimated sales growth rate. If the sum of the estimated future undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset group is less than its carrying amount, and it is determined that the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, management determines if there is an impairment loss by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to its fair value. Fair value of an asset group is based on the highest and best use of the asset group, often using a discounted cash flow model that utilizes Level 3 fair value inputs. The key assumptions used in the Company s fair value analysis are estimated sales growth rate and comparable market rents. An impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment of long-lived assets - stores is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset group when testing for recoverability and when determining the fair value of the asset groups to measure for impairment; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to estimated sales growth rate when developing the future undiscounted cash flows, and comparable market rents when estimating the fair value; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s long-lived assets - stores recoverability test and determination of the fair value of the asset groups. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to an asset group when testing for recoverability and when determining the fair value of the asset groups to measure for impairment; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the models used by management in determining the fair value of the asset groups; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the models; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to estimated sales growth rate when developing the future undiscounted cash flows and comparable market rents when estimating the fair value. Evaluating management s assumptions related to estimated sales growth rate and comparable market rents involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering the current and past performance of the asset groups, the consistency with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit as it relates to estimated sales growth rate, and consistency with external market data as it relates to estimated sales growth rate and comparable market rents. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating of the reasonableness of the comparable market rents significant assumption. 

/s/ 
 
 March 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 75 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 A F maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that A F files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to A F s management, including A F s Principal Executive Officer and A F s Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 
 A F s management, including the Chief Executive Officer of A F (who serves as Principal Executive Officer of A F) and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of A F (who serves as Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of A F), evaluated the effectiveness of A F s disclosure controls and procedures as of January 28, 2023. The Chief Executive Officer of A F (in such individual s capacity as the Principal Executive Officer of A F) and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of A F (in such individual s capacity as the Principal Financial Officer of A F) concluded that A F s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of January 28, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of A F is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. A F s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluations of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer of A F and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of A F, management evaluated the effectiveness of A F s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023 using criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the assessment of A F s internal control over financial reporting, under the criteria described in the preceding sentence, management has concluded that, as of January 28, 2023, A F s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 
 The effectiveness of A F s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 There were no changes in A F s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 28, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, A F s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 76 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 77 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND PERSONS NOMINATED OR CHOSEN TO BECOME DIRECTORS OR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Information concerning directors will be included under the caption Proposal 1 Election of Directors in A F s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. Information concerning executive officers is included under the caption INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS within ITEM 1. BUSINESS in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
 
 Information concerning beneficial ownership reporting compliance under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will be included under the caption Ownership of our Shares Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 
 The Board of Directors has adopted the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all associates and directors worldwide and incorporates an additional Code of Ethics applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and other designated financial associates. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance page of the Company s corporate website at corporate.abercrombie.com. 
 
 AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE 
 
 Information concerning the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors (the Audit and Finance Committee will be included under the captions Corporate Governance Committees of the Board and Meeting Attendance Committees of the Board and Audit and Finance Committee Matters in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 PROCEDURES BY WHICH STOCKHOLDERS MAY RECOMMEND NOMINEES TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Information concerning changes in the procedures by which stockholders of A F may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors will be included under the captions Corporate Governance Director Nominations Stockholder Recommendations for Director Candidates, Corporate Governance Director Qualifications and Consideration of Director Candidates, Stockholder Proposals for 2023 Annual Meeting and Additional Information About Our Annual Meeting and Voting How do I nominate a director using the Proxy Access provisions under the Company s Bylaws? in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 78 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information regarding executive compensation will be included under the captions Corporate Governance Board Role in Risk Oversight, Compensation of Directors, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Report of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee on Executive Compensation, and Executive Compensation Tables in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management will be included under the caption Ownership of Our Shares in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Information regarding Common Stock authorized for issuance under A F s equity compensation plans will be included under the caption Equity Compensation Plans in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information concerning relationships and transactions with related persons will be included under the caption Corporate Governance Director Independence and Related Person Transactions in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Information concerning director independence will be included under the captions Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board and Meeting Attendance, and Corporate Governance Director Independence and Related Person Transactions in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Information concerning pre-approval policies and procedures of the Audit and Finance Committee and fees for services rendered by the Company s principal independent registered public accounting firm will be included under the caption Audit and Finance Committee Matters Audit Fees in the 2023 Proxy Statement and ins incorporated by reference herein. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 79 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021. 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. (PCAOB ID 
 
 (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 All financial statement schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are omitted because the required information is either not applicable or not material. 
 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 
 The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference as noted. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement is identified as such in the Index to Exhibits. 
 
 (b) The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 80 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Index to Exhibits 
 Exhibit Document 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of A F, reflecting amendments through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 30, 2011 (File No. 001-12107). [This document represents the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Abercrombie Fitch Co. in compiled form incorporating all amendments .] 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Abercrombie Fitch Co. reflecting amendments through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to A F's Current Report on Form 8 -K dated and filed November 22, 2022 (File No. 001-12107). [This document represents the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Abercrombie Fitch Co. in compiled form incorporating all amendments.] 
 4.1 Agreement to furnish instruments and agreements defining rights of holders of long-term debt. 
 4.2 Description of Abercrombie Fitch Co. s Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2020, by and among Abercrombie Fitch Management Co., Abercrombie Fitch Co., as Parent, the other Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, Registrar, Paying Agent, and Notes Collateral Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on July 9, 2020 (File No. 001-12107). 
 4.4 Form of 8.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.3), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 (which is in turn included in Exhibit 4.1) to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on July 9, 2020 (File No. 001-12107). 
 4.5 Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of July 2, 2020, among Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as ABL Agent, U.S. Bank National Association , as First Lien Notes Collateral Agent, and each other A dditional Notes Agent from time to time party thereto , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to A F s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2021 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.1 1998 Restatement of the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 1996 Stock Plan for Non-Associate Directors , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A F s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2003 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, entered into as of August 15, 2005, by and between A F and Michael S. Jeffries, including as Exhibit A thereto the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Michael S. Jeffries) , effective February 2, 2003, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed August 26, 2005 (File No. 001-12107). [NOTE: Only the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Michael S. Jeffries) is still in effect.] 
 10.3 Abercrombie Fitch Co. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (Plan I) (prior to January 1, 2005, known as the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan), as amended and restated May 22, 2003, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 3, 2003 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.4 Abercrombie Fitch Co. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (Plan II), effective January 1, 2005, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to A F s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2009 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.5 Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan I (prior to January 1, 2009, known as the Abercrombie Fitch Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan), as amended and restated effective January 1, 2001, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to A F s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2003 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.6 First Amendment to the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan (Plan I) (January 1, 2001 Restatement), effe ctive as of Jan u a ry 1, 2009, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 2, 2008 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.7 Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan Plan II), as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014 , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 19, 2015 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.8 First Amendment to the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan (Plan II), dated as of October 14, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 19, 2015 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.9 Second Amendment to the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Nonqualified Savings and Supplemental Retirement Plan (Plan II), dated as of December 16, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to A F's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.10 Trust Agreement, made as of October 16, 2006, between A F and Wilmington Trust Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 17, 2006 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.11 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021, among Abercrombie Fitch Management Co., as Lead Borrower; the other Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders, a L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender; the other lenders party thereto; Citizens Business Capital, as a L/C Issuer; Citizens Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Documentation Agent and a L/C Issuer; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Citizens Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2021 (File No. 001 12107). 
 10.12 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2023, among Abercrombie Fitch Management Co., as Lead Borrower; the other Borrowers and Guarantors party thereto , and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders 
 10.13 Guaranty, dated as of August 7, 2014, made by Abercrombie Fitch Co., as guarantor, and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, each as a guarantor, in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties , and the Credit Parties, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 2, 2014 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.14 Security Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2014, made by Abercrombie Fitch Management Co., as lead borrower for itself and the other Borrowers, Abercrombie Fitch Co. and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, in their respective capacities as a guarantor, and the other borrowers and guarantors from time to time party thereto, in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Credit Parties, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 2, 2014 (File No. 001-12107). 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 81 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 10.15 Confirmation, Ratification and Amendment of Ancillary Loan Documents, made as of April 29, 2021, among Abercrombie Fitch Co., for itself and as Lead Borrower; the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto; the Guarantors from time to time party thereto; and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to A F s Annual Report on 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2022 (File No. 001-12107) . 
 10.16 Retirement Agreement, dated December 8, 2014, between Michael S. Jeffries and A F, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed December 9, 2014 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.17 Employment Offer, dated October 8, 2014, between Fran Horowitz and A F, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 15, 2014 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.18 Letter, dated December 16, 2015, between A F M anagement and Fran Horowitz setting forth terms of employment as President and Chief Merchandising Officer, i ncorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to A F s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.19 Form of Agreement entered into between A F Management and Fran Horowitz as of May 10, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed May 12, 2017 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.20 Non-Compete Amendment entered into between A F Management and Fran Horowitz as of November 5, 2021 (including a schedule identifying executive officers of A F party to substantially identical Non-Compete Agreements with A F Management, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2021 (File No. 001 12107). 
 10.21 Employment Offer , dated May 6, 2016, betwee n Kristin Scott and A F , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed May 23, 2016 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.22 Form of Agreement entered into between A F Management and Kristin Scott as of May 10, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed May 12, 2017 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.23 Employment Offer, dated August 17, 2017, between Scott Lipesky and A F, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed September 6, 2017 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.24 Form of Agreement entered into between A F Management and Scott Lipesky as of September 7, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 28, 2017 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.25 Employment Offer, dated August 24, 2018, between Gregory J. Henchel and A F, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 3, 2018 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.26 Agreement entered into between A F Management and Gregory J. Henchel as of September 13, 2018, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 3, 2018 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.27 Form of Retention Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, effective as of August 28, 2020, between A F and each of Scott Lipesky, Kristin Scott and Gregory J. Henchel, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on September 2, 2020 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.28 Employment Offer, dated May 20, 2021, between Samir Desai and A F (including, as Exhibit A, the Agreement entered into between A F Management and Samir Desai as of May 20, 2021), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2021 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.29 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to A F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended April 29, 2017 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.30 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed June 17, 2005 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.31 Certificate regarding Approval of Amendment of Section 3(b) of the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan by Board of Directors of Abercrombie Fitch Co. on August 20, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.32 Amended and Restated Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed June 17, 2011 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.33 Certificate regarding Approval of Amendment of Section 3(b) of the Abercrombie Fitch Co. Amended and Restated 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan by Board of Directors of Abercrombie Fitch Co. on August 20, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.34 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement used for grants of awards after March 26, 2013 and prior to August 20, 2013 under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed April 29, 2013 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.35 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement used for grants of awards after August 20, 2013 and prior to June 16, 2016 under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2013 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.36 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement used for grants of awards after August 20, 2013 and prior to June 16, 2016 under the Amended and Restated Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 2, 2013 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.37 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates (as amended on June 8, 2022), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on June 9, 2022 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.38 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of restricted stock units to associates (employees) of Abercrombie Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on and after March 26, 2019 and prior to March 7, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 2, 2020 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.39 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of restricted stock units to associates (employees) of Abercrombie Fitch Co. and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on and after March 7, 2023. 
 10.40 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of restricted stock units to non-associate directors of A F under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors on and after June 16, 2016 , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 30, 2016 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.41 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of restricted stock units to non-associate chairperson of the board of A F under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors on and after June 16, 2016 . 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 82 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 10.42 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance shares to associates (employees) of A F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after August 28, 2020 and prior to March 23, 2021, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2020 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.43 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance share awards to associates (employees) of A F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after March 23, 2021 and prior to March 24 , 202 2 , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2021 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.44 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance share awards to associates (employees) of A F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after March 24, 2022 and prior to March 7, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2022 (File No. 001-12107) . 
 10.45 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement used to evidence the grant of performance share awards to associates (employees) of A F and its subsidiaries under the Abercrombie Fitch Co. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates on or after March 7, 2023. 
 10.46 Amended and Restated Abercrombie Fitch Co. Short-Term Cash Incentive Compensation Performance Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to A F's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed March 24, 2021 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.47 Abercrombie Fitch Co. Long-Term Cash Incentive Compensation Performance Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to A F's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed June 15, 2017 (File No. 001-12107). 
 10.48 Abercrombie Fitch Co. Associate Stock Purchase Plan (October 1, 2007 Restatement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to A F's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 28, 2017 (File No. 001-12107) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of A F. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney. 
 31.1 Certifications by Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certifications by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications by Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 These certifications are furnished. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K . 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted based upon a request for confidential treatment filed with the SEC. The non-public information has been separately filed with the SEC in connection with that request. 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 83 
 2022 Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ABERCROMBIE FITCH CO. Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Scott D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 27, 2023. 
 Nigel Travis Chairperson of the Board and Director /s/ Fran Horowitz Fran Horowitz Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Kerrii B. Anderson Director Terry L. Burman Director Susie Coulter Director Sarah M. Gallagher Director James A. Goldman Director Michael E. Greenlees Director /s/ Scott D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Helen E. McCluskey Director Kenneth B. Robinson Director Helen Vaid Director 
 
 The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of each of the above-named directors of the Registrant pursuant to powers of attorney executed by such directors, which powers of attorney are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 24.1. 
 By: /s/ Scott D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky Attorney-in-fact 
 
 Abercrombie Fitch Co. 84 
 2022 Form 10-K 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41q42022.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 
 6301 Fitch Path 
 New Albany, Ohio 43054 
 (614) 283-6500 
 
 March 27, 2023 

United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
 100 F Street, NE 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Re Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 
 Commission File Number 001-12107 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2023 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation A&F ), is today filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC the Annual Report on Form 10-K of A&F for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 A&F s Fiscal 2022 Form 10-K ). 
 
 Neither (i) A&F nor (ii) any of A&F s consolidated subsidiaries has outstanding any instrument or agreement with respect to its long-term debt, other than those filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to A&F s Fiscal 2022 Form 10-K, under which the total amount of long-term debt authorized exceeds 10 of the total assets of A&F and A&F s subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. In accordance with the provisions of Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of SEC Regulation S-K, A&F hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of each instrument or agreement defining (i) the rights of holders of long-term debt of A&F or (ii) the rights of holders of long-term debt of a consolidated subsidiary of A&F, in each case which is not being filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to A&F s Fiscal 2022 Form 10-K. 
 
 Very truly yours, ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. s Scott D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Authorized Officer) 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 exhibit424q2022.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. S SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Abercrombie & Fitch Co. A&F, we, us or our has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended our Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Class A Common Stock ). 
 
 The following is a description of the capital stock of A&F, consisting of our Class A Common Stock our Class B Common Stock, par value .01 per share (the Class B Common Stock and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock and our Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ). The following paragraphs summarize the provisions of A&F's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended Certificate ), A&F's Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Amended Bylaws ), and applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), affecting the rights of the holders of our capital stock and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Amended Certificate and the Amended Bylaws, copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and such provisions of the DGCL. 
 
 General 
 
 The authorized capital stock of A&F consists of (a) 256,400,000 shares of Common Stock of which (i) 150,000,000 shares are designated as Class A Common Stock and (ii) 106,400,000 shares are designated as Class B Common Stock and (b) 15,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock of which 100,000 shares are designated as Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ANF. Outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. If Class B Common Stock is issued in the future, the holders thereof would be entitled to three votes per share on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders but would otherwise have identical rights to those of the holders of Class A Common Stock. The Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock would vote as a single class, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of Preferred Stock. 
 
 Stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. In any election of directors for which (i) the Secretary of A&F receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated a person for election to the Board of Directors of A&F (the Board in compliance with the applicable advance notice requirements set forth in the Amended Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder within the time period prescribed by the Amended Bylaws (a contested election ), the nominees receiving the greatest number of votes will be elected as directors. At any election of directors other than a contested election, a nominee will be elected to the Board if the votes cast for such nominee s election exceed the votes cast against such nominee s election. 
 
 Subject to any special voting rights or requirements provided for in the Amended Certificate, in the Amended Bylaws or by law, including those set forth below under Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended Certificate and Amended Bylaws, other matters to be voted upon by stockholders must be approved by a majority of the votes properly cast for or against such matter. 
 
 Dividends Liquidation and Dissolution 
 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by the Board out of the assets of A&F legally available therefor. 
 
 On liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of A&F, after payment in full of the amounts required to be paid to the holders of Preferred Stock, all holders of Common Stock, regardless of class, are entitled to share ratably in any assets and funds legally available for distribution to the holders of Common Stock. 
 
 Other Rights 
 
 Holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock is issuable from time to time in one or more series with such designations, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions as the Board may fix and determine. Under the Amended Certificate, the Board is authorized to determine the voting, dividend, conversion, redemption and liquidation rights, preferences and limitations applicable to each series of Preferred Stock. 

Pursuant to the Certificate of Designation of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock of A&F, dated July 21, 1998, (the Certificate of Designation ), the Board may, without further action by the A&F stockholders, issue up to 100,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board. The number of shares designated as Series A Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board but may not be decreased to a number less than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares issuable upon exercise or conversion of all outstanding rights, options or other A&F securities. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The holders of any Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to 1,000 votes per share on all matters to be voted upon by the A&F stockholders, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock would vote as a single class with the holders of Common Stock on the matters to be voted upon by the A&F stockholders, except as provided in the Certificate of Designation or by law. The Certificate of Designation provides that holders of Series A Preferred Stock would have the right to elect two directors if dividends thereon were in arrears in an amount equal to six quarterly dividends. In addition, the Amended Certificate may not be amended in any manner which would adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class. 
 
 Dividends Liquidation and Dissolution 
 
 The holders of any Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, quarterly dividends payable in cash. The quarterly dividends would be in an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) 1.00 and (b) subject to anti-dilution adjustments, the sum of (i) 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends and (ii) 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all non-cash dividends (other than dividends payable in Class A Common Stock or subdivisions of the outstanding Common Stock) declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding quarterly dividend payment date. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock would be cumulative. If dividends payable to holders of Series A Preferred Stock were in arrears, A&F would not be able to declare or pay dividends on the Common Stock, or repurchase any of the Common Stock. 
 
 On liquidation, dissolution or winding up of A&F, before any distribution would be made to holders of Common Stock, the holders of any outstanding of any outstanding Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the greater of (a) 1.00 per share, plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid dividends to the date of payment and (b) 1,000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of Common Stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. 
 
 Other Rights 
 
 Any outstanding Series A Preferred Stock would not be redeemable. 
 
 If A&F were to enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash or any other property, outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock would, at the same time, be similarly exchanged for or changed into an amount per share, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of the stock, securities, cash or any other property, as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock had been changed or exchanged. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended Certificate and Amended Bylaws 
 
 The following is a summary of certain provisions of our Amended Certificate and Amended Bylaws that may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing hostile takeovers or changes in control or management of A&F. 
 
 Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 
 The Amended Certificate authorizes us to issue Preferred Stock in one or more series with such designations, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions as the Board may fix and determine. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing an attempt to obtain control of A&F by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 Supermajority Voting Requirements 
 
 The Amended Certificate requires the affirmative vote of not less than 75 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon for (1) the Amended Bylaws to be amended, altered, repealed or rescinded by the A&F stockholders or (2) any proposed amendment to the Amended Certificate which would contravene any then-existing provision of the Amended Bylaws to be adopted by the A&F stockholders. 
 
 The Amended Certificate requires the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 75 of the outstanding shares of A&F entitled to vote thereon in order to adopt amendments to the provisions of the Amended Certificate addressing (a) the manner in which the Amended Bylaws may be amended by the directors or the stockholders (b) the term of office for our directors (c) the requirement that actions be taken by the stockholders only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders (d) the factors to be considered by the directors in evaluating significant corporate transactions (e) the manner in which our directors may be removed (f) the required vote for amendment of the Amended Certificate and (g) the vote required for approval of business combinations with 5 stockholders (which vote must also include the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 75 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon 

excluding the 5 stockholder(s) in question). If a proposed amendment to the Amended Certificate would adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, the affirmative vote of not less than 75 of the outstanding shares affected by the proposed amendment, voting as a separate class, would also be required. 
 
 The Amended Certificate requires that any Business Combination (as defined below) between A&F, or one of its subsidiaries, and an Interested Person (as defined below) receive the affirmative vote of not less than 75 of the then outstanding shares of Voting Stock (as defined below) held by stockholders other than the Interested Person, unless the proposed Business Combination has been approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors (as defined below). For purposes of this requirement 
 an Interested Person generally is defined as any person which, together with its affiliates and associates, beneficially owns (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as in effect on August 27, 1996) in the aggregate 5 or more of the outstanding Voting Stock of A&F, as well as any affiliate or associate of that person 
 
 a Business Combination includes (a) a merger or consolidation involving A&F, or any subsidiary thereof, and an Interested Person (b) a sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of (i) a substantial part of the assets of A&F or any subsidiary thereof i.e ., assets constituting in excess of 20 of the fair market value of the total consolidated assets of A&F and its subsidiaries as of the end of the then most recent fiscal year) to an Interested Person or (ii) a substantial part of the assets of an Interested Person to A&F, or any subsidiary thereof (c) the issuance or transfer by A&F, or any subsidiary thereof, of any securities of A&F, or any subsidiary thereof, to an Interested Person and (d) a reclassification of securities, recapitalization or other comparable transaction involving A&F that would have the effect of increasing the voting power of any Interested Person with respect to the Voting Stock of A 
 
 Voting Stock includes the outstanding shares of Common Stock and any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock entitled to vote on each matter as to which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote and 
 
 a Continuing Director is an individual serving as a member of the Board immediately prior to the time the Interested Person in question acquires that status, or an individual who was elected or appointed to fill a vacancy after such time by a majority of the then-current Continuing Directors. 
 
 Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 
 The Amended Bylaws require stockholders to provide advance notice if they wish to (a) nominate candidates for election to the Board at an annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors or (b) submit proposals for consideration at an annual meeting of stockholders. Such advance notice must be made in writing and received at A&F's principal executive offices, in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders, not later than the close of business on the 120 th nor earlier than the close of business on the 150 th day prior to the first anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, or in the case of a special meeting, notice must be received not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the date on which public announcement of the date of such meeting was first made by A&F. Stockholder nominations and proposals must meet certain procedural and informational requirements set forth in the Amended Bylaws. 
 Under the Amended Bylaws, any stockholder who has, or any group of up to 20 stockholders who, collectively and individually, have, maintained continuous qualifying ownership of at least 3 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock for at least three years will be permitted to include a specified number of director nominees in A&F s proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders. Notice of stockholder nominations pursuant to this proxy access provision, to be timely, must be received at the principal executive officers of A&F not later than 120 days nor earlier than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date that A&F distributed its proxy statement to stockholders for the previous year s annual meeting and must otherwise meet certain procedural and informational requirements set forth in the Amended Bylaws. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 The Amended Bylaws do not entitle stockholders to call a special meeting of the stockholders, but instead provide that any special meeting may only be called by the chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president, or in case of the president s death, absence or disability, the vice president, if any, authorized to exercise the authority of the president, or a majority of the Board acting with or without a meeting. The Amended Certificate provides that, under limited circumstances and only in the event that A&F has defaulted in certain obligations with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, the stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than 10 of the total number of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, when and if issued, may request the calling of a special meeting of holders of Preferred Stock for the purpose of electing directors. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 The Amended Bylaws provide that, unless A&F consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (A) (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of A&F, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of A&F to A&F or A&F s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Amended Certificate or the Amended Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and (B) the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 exhibit1012q42022.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

Exhibit 10.12 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment dated as of March 15, 2023 is by and among ABERCROMBIE & FITCH MANAGEMENT CO., a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), the other Borrowers and Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Agent ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders and the Agent entered into that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2021 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties have requested that the Agent and the Lenders agree to amend the Credit Agreement and Security Agreement as specifically set forth herein and, subject to the terms of this Amendment, the Agent and the Lenders have agreed to grant such request. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows 
 Section 1. Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment (including without limitation in the introductory paragraph and the Preliminary Statements hereto) shall have the meanings as specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 Section 2. Amendments to Credit Agreement . 
 (a) Composite Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the bold, stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of the Credit Agreement attached as Annex A hereto. 
 (b) Exhibit A to Credit Agreement . Exhibit A (Form of LIBOR Rate Loan Notice) to the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by a new Exhibit A (Form of SOFR Loan Notice) in the form attached hereto as Annex B hereto. 
 Section 3. Amendments to Security Agreement . 
 (a) Section 1.01 of the Security Agreement is hereby amended by amending the definition of Excluded Property by (i) deleting the conjunction and at the end of clause (xii) and inserting a comma , in lieu thereof, (ii) replacing the semicolon with , and at the end of clause (xiii), adding the following new clause (xiv) immediately after clause (xiii) 
 (xiv) Margin Stock 
 (b) Section 1.01 of the Security Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each instance of the text (xiii) contained in the proviso of the definition of Excluded Property and substituting the text (xiv) in lieu thereof. 

Section 4. Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of the amendments in Section 2 and Section 3 shall be subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) This Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Agent. The Agent shall have received a fully executed original or pdf copy hereof 
 (b) The Borrowers shall have (i) paid all fees then due to the Agent, Arrangers and the Lenders, and (ii) reimbursed the Agent for all reasonable and documented costs and expenses, including, reasonable appraisers, auditors, and attorneys fees 
 (c) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained in Section 5 shall be true and correct and 
 (d) The Agent shall have received such additional documents, instruments, and agreements as the Agent may reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 Section 5. Representations and Warranties of the Loan Parties . Each Loan Party represents and warrants as follows 
 (a) The execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of its obligations in connection with this Amendment are within its corporate (or other organizational) powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate (or other organizational) action and do not and will not (i) violate any provision of its articles or certificate of incorporation or bylaws or similar organizing or governing documents of such Loan Party, (ii) contravene any applicable Law which is applicable to such Loan Party or (iii) conflict with, result in a breach of or constitute (with notice, lapse of time or both) a default under any material indenture or instrument or other material agreement to which such Loan Party is a party, by which it or any of its properties is bound or to which it is subject, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, to the extent such contraventions, conflicts, breaches or defaults could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Such Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate (or other organizational) action to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment and has validly executed and delivered this Amendment. This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (c) No material consent, approval, authorization or other action by, notice to, or registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person is or will be required as a condition to or otherwise in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of this Amendment, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect. 
 (d) After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in each of the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof as though made on and as of such date (other than any such representations or warranties that, by their terms, refer to a specific date, in which case as of such specific date). 
 (e) No Default or Event of Default shall exist after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 Section 6. Reference to and Effect on the Loan Documents . On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in each of the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, and this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 

(a) The Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Security Documents and all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue to secure the payment of all Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents, in each case as amended by this Amendment. 
 (b) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any other provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 7. Reaffirmations . Each Loan Party (a) consents to this Amendment and agrees that the transactions contemplated by this Amendment shall not limit or diminish the obligations of such Person, or release such Person from any obligations, under any of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (b) subject to Section 5(d) hereof, confirms and reaffirms its obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and all representations, warranties, and covenants contained therein, and (c) agrees that each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 Section 8. Execution in Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or in electronic i.e. , pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 Section 9. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 Section 10. Entire Agreement . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Agent, the L C Lender, each Swing Line Lender and or the Arrangers, constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 Signature Pages Follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 
 BORROWERS 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH MANAGEMENT CO. , as Lead Borrower 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH STORES, INC. 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH TRADING CO. , each as a Borrower 

By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

GUARANTORS 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. , as Parent and as a Guarantor 

By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President Tax, Treasury and Risk Management and Treasurer 

A & F TRADEMARK, INC. 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH HOLDING CORPORATION 
 HOLLISTER CO. 
 J.M.H. TRADEMARK, INC. 
 HOLLISTER CO. CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AFH PUERTO RICO LLC 
 A&F CANADA HOLDING CO. , as Guarantors 

By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

ABERCROMBIE & FITCH PROCUREMENT SERVICES, LLC , as a Guarantor 
 
 By Abercrombie & Fitch Trading Co., its Sole Member 
 
 By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Agent, L C Issuer, Swing Line Lender, and as a Lender 
 
 By s Jai Alexander 
 Name Jai Alexander 
 Title Director 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as L C Issuer and as a Lender 
 
 By s Christopher A. Salek 
 Name Christopher A. Salek 
 Title Executive Director 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

CITIZENS BUSINESS CAPITAL , as L C Issuer and a Lender 
 
 By s Donald Mastro 
 Name Donald Mastro 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Sandy Centa 
 Name Sandy Centa 
 Title SVP 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s L. Daniel Menendez 
 Name L. Daniel Menendez 
 Title Vice President 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Patricia Scudder 
 Name Patricia Scudder 
 Title ABL Relationship Manager VP 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Thomas P. Chidester 
 Name Thomas P. Chidester 
 Title Vice President 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Jeffrey S. Cox 
 Name Jeffrey S. Cox 
 Title Vice President 
 Abercrombie Signature Page to First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and First Amendment to Security Agreement 

Annex A 
 
 Composite Credit Agreement 
 
 see attached 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of April 29, 2021 , as amended on March 15, 2023 
 among 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH MANAGEMENT CO. , as the Lead Borrower 
 for 
 The Borrowers Named Herein, 
 The Guarantors Named Herein, 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Agent, L C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, 
 and 
 The Other Lenders Party Hereto 
 CITIZENS BUSINESS CAPITAL , as L C Issuer 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A., 
 as Syndication Agent 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as Documentation Agent and L C Issuer 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. 
 and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as 
 Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 2 
 1.01 Defined Terms 2 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 74 72 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 75 73 
 1.04 Rounding 76 74 
 1.05 Times of Day 76 74 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 76 74 
 1.07 Covenant Compliance. 76 75 
 1.08 Divisions. 77 75 
 1.09 Rates. 77 75 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 78 76 
 2.01 Committed Loans Reserves 78 76 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans. 78 76 
 2.03 Letters of Credit. 81 79 
 2.04 Swing Line Loans. 89 87 
 2.05 Prepayments. 92 90 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 93 91 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans. 94 92 
 2.08 Interest. 94 92 
 2.09 Fees 95 93 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 95 93 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt. 95 94 
 2.12 Payments Generally Agent s Clawback. 96 94 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 98 96 
 2.14 Settlement Amongst Lenders. 99 97 
 2.15 Increase in Commitments. 99 97 
 2.16 Foreign Sub-Facility. 101 99 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF LEAD BORROWER 103 101 
 3.01 Taxes. 103 101 
 3.02 Illegality 107 105 

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates Benchmark Replacement Setting. 108 106 
 3.04 Increased Costs Reserves on LIBOR Rate Loans. 110 108 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses 112 109 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders. 113 110 
 3.07 Survival 113 110 
 3.08 Designation of Lead Borrower as Borrowers Agent. 113 111 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 114 111 
 4.01 Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement and any Credit Extension 114 111 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 117 114 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 118 115 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 118 115 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention 118 116 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents 119 116 
 5.04 Binding Effect 119 116 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect. 119 116 
 5.06 Litigation 120 117 
 5.07 No Default 120 117 
 5.08 Ownership of Property 120 117 
 5.09 Environmental Compliance 120 117 
 5.10 Insurance 121 118 
 5.11 Taxes 121 118 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance. 122 119 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests. 123 120 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 123 120 
 5.15 Disclosure 123 120 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws 124 121 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc. 124 121 
 5.18 Labor Matters. 124 121 
 5.19 Security Documents. 125 122 
 5.20 Solvency. 126 123 
 5.21 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts Credit Card Arrangements. 126 123 

5.22 Brokers 126 123 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations 126 123 
 5.24 Material Contracts 126 123 
 5.25 Foreign Asset Control Regulations. 126 123 
 5.26 OFAC Sanctions Beneficial Ownership. 127 124 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institution. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 127 124 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 127 124 
 6.01 Financial Statements 128 125 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information 129 126 
 6.03 Notices 131 128 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations 132 129 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 133 130 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties. 133 130 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. 133 130 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws. 135 132 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants 135 132 
 6.10 Inspection Rights 135 132 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds 137 134 
 6.12 Additional Loan Parties. 137 134 
 6.13 Cash Management. 138 135 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral. 140 137 
 6.15 Physical Inventories. 140 137 
 6.16 Environmental Laws. 141 138 
 6.17 Further Assurances. 141 138 
 6.18 Material Contracts 142 139 
 6.19 OFAC Sanctions. 142 139 
 6.20 Post-Closing Covenants. 142 139 
 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 142 139 
 7.01 Liens 143 140 
 7.02 Investments 143 140 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock 143 140 

7.04 Fundamental Changes 143 140 
 7.05 Dispositions 144 141 
 7.06 Restricted Payments 144 141 
 7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness 145 142 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business 145 142 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates 145 142 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements 146 143 
 7.11 Amendment of Material Documents. 146 143 
 7.12 Fiscal Year. 147 144 
 7.13 Deposit Accounts Credit Card Processors. 147 144 
 7.14 Minimum Availability. 147 144 
 7.15 Use of Proceeds 147 144 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 147 144 
 8.01 Events of Default 147 144 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 150 147 
 8.03 Application of Funds 151 148 
 ARTICLE IX THE AGENT 152 149 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority. 152 149 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender 153 150 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 153 150 
 9.04 Reliance by Agent. 155 152 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties 155 152 
 9.06 Resignation of Agent 155 152 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders 156 153 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc.. 156 153 
 9.09 Agent May File Proofs of Claim 156 153 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 157 154 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer. 158 155 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements. 158 155 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection. 159 156 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agent 160 157 

9.15 Relation among Lenders 160 157 
 9.16 Defaulting Lenders. 160 157 
 9.17 Intercreditor Agreement. 163 160 
 9.18 Other Liabilities. 163 160 
 9.19 Providers. 163 160 
 9.20 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 164 161 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 164 161 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. 164 161 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications. 167 163 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 168 165 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver. 169 166 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside 170 167 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns. 171 168 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality 175 172 
 10.08 Right of Setoff 176 173 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 176 173 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 177 174 
 10.11 Survival Release of Liens. 177 174 
 10.12 Severability 178 175 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 178 175 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc. 179 176 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 180 177 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 180 177 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 181 178 
 10.18 Time of the Essence 181 178 
 10.19 Press Releases. 181 178 
 10.20 Additional Waivers. 182 179 
 10.21 No Strict Construction. 183 180 
 10.22 Attachments. 184 181 
 10.23 Independent Effect of Covenants Inconsistencies. 184 181 
 10.24 Keepwell. 184 181 

10.25 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial . 
 Institutions. 184 181 
 10.26 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs. 185 182 
 10.27 Amendment and Restatement. 186 183 
 SIGNATURES S- 1 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01(a) Borrowers 
 1.01(b) Excluded Affiliates 
 1.02 Guarantors 
 1.03 Immaterial Subsidiaries 
 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
 5.01 Loan Parties Organizational Information 
 5.08(b)(1) Owned Real Estate 
 5.08(b)(2) Leased Real Estate 
 5.09 Environmental Matters 
 5.10 Insurance 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Other Equity Investments 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Matters 
 5.18 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 5.21(a) DDAs and Securities Accounts 
 5.21(b) Credit Card Arrangements 
 6.02 Financial and Collateral Reporting 
 6.20 Post-Closing Covenants 
 7.01 Existing Liens 
 7.02 Existing Investments 
 7.03 Existing Indebtedness 
 7.05 Store Closings 
 10.02 Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice 
 B Swing Line Loan Notice 
 C Note 
 D Compliance Certificate 
 E Assignment and Assumption 
 F Borrowing Base Certificate 
 G Credit Card Notification 
 H-1 through H-4 Tax Compliance Certificates 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of April 29, 2021, among 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH MANAGEMENT CO. , a Delaware corporation (the Lead Borrower ), 
 the Persons named on Schedule 1.01(a) hereto (collectively, the Borrowers ), 
 the Persons named on Schedule 1.02 hereto (collectively, the Guarantors ), 
 each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Agent, L C Issuer and Swing Line Lender 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. , as Syndication Agent 
 
 CITIZENS BUSINESS CAPITAL , as L C Issuer and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as L C Issuer and Documentation Agent. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Lead Borrower, the other Borrowers and the Guarantors, are party to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2014 (as amended and in effect on and prior to the date hereof Closing Date , the Existing Credit Agreement by, among others, the Lead Borrower, the other Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders as defined therein, and the Agent and 
 WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Lenders and the Agent desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement as provided herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual conditions and agreements herein contained, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agree that the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows (it being agreed that this Agreement shall not be deemed to evidence or result in a novation or repayment and reborrowing of the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement) 
 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Acceptable Document of Title means, with respect to any Inventory, a tangible, negotiable bill of lading or other Document (as defined in the UCC) that (a) is issued by a common carrier which is not an Affiliate of the foreign vendor or any Loan Party which is in actual possession of such Inventory, (b) is issued to the order of a Loan Party or, if so requested by the Agent, to the order of the Agent, (c) names the Agent as a notify party and bears a conspicuous notation on its face of the Agent s security interest therein, (d) is not subject to any Lien (other than in favor of the Agent and the Notes Collateral Agent ), and (e) is on terms otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Agent. 

ACH means automated clearing house transfers. 
 Accommodation Payment has the meaning specified in Section 10.20(d) . 
 Account means accounts as defined in the UCC, and also means a right to payment of a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (a) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned, or otherwise disposed of, (b) for services rendered or to be rendered, or (c) arising out of the use of a credit or charge card or information contained on or for use with the card. 
 Acquisition means, with respect to any Person (a) an investment in, or a purchase of, a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests of any other Person, (b) a purchase or other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets or properties of another Person, (c) any merger or consolidation of such Person with any other Person or other transaction or series of related transactions resulting in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, or of a Controlling interest in the Equity Interests, of any Person, or (d) any acquisition by such Person of any group of Store locations comprising more than five percent (5 of the number of Stores operated by the acquiring Person as of the date of such acquisition, in each case acquired in any transaction or group of transactions which are part of a common plan. 
 Additional Commitment Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c) . 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation , the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Adjustment Date means the first day of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first full calendar quarter ending after the Closing Date. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (i) another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified, (ii) any director, officer, managing member, partner, trustee, or beneficiary of that Person, (iii) any other Person directly or indirectly holding 10 or more of any class of the Equity Interests of that Person, and (iv) any other Person 10 or more of any class of whose Equity Interests is held directly or indirectly by that Person, but excluding in each case those Persons set forth on Schedule 1.01(b) . 
 Agent means Wells Fargo in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor thereto. 
 Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . 
 Agent s Office means the Agent s address and account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Agent may from time to time notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitments are 400,000,000. 
 Agreement means this Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 

Allocable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 10.20(d) . 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as amended, and all other applicable laws and regulations or ordinances concerning or relating to bribery, money laundering or corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or is doing business. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means the applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or is doing business that relates to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto. 
 Announcements has the meaning specified in Section 1.09 . 
 Applicable Lenders means the Required Lenders, all affected Lenders, or all Lenders, as the context may require. 
 Applicable Margin means 
 (a) From and after the Closing Date until the first Adjustment Date, the percentages set forth in Level I of the pricing grid below and 
 (b) (i) From and after the first Adjustment Date and Applicable Margin means , on each Adjustment Date thereafter , the Applicable Margin shall be as determined from the following pricing grid based upon the Average Daily Availability as of the Fiscal Quarter ended immediately preceding such Adjustment Date and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Agent may, and at the direction of the Required Lenders shall, upon written notice to the Lead Borrower, increase the Applicable Margin to that set forth in Level II (even if the Average Daily Availability requirements for a different Level have been met) and interest shall, at the Agent s election or at the direction of the Required Lenders, accrue at the Default Rate provided further if any Borrowing Base Certificates are at any time restated or otherwise revised (including as a result of an audit, but excluding revisions resulting from (x) normal year-end audit adjustments and changes in GAAP or its application to the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 of this Agreement or (y) any other cause other than the correction of an error, omission or misrepresentation of the Loan Parties) or if the information set forth in any Borrowing Base Certificates otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Applicable Margin would have been higher than was otherwise in effect during any period, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, interest due under this Agreement shall be immediately recalculated at such higher rate for any applicable periods and shall be due and payable on demand. 

Level Average Daily Availability LIBOR SOFR Margin 
 Base Rate Margin Commercial Letter of Credit Fee Standby Letter of Credit Fee I Equal to or greater than 50 of the Loan Cap 1.25 0.25 0.75 1.25 II Less than 50 of the Loan Cap 1.50 0.50 1.00 1.50 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time. If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 Appraised Value means, (a) with respect to Eligible Inventory, the appraised orderly liquidation value, net of costs and expenses to be incurred in connection with any such liquidation, which value is expressed as a percentage of Cost of Eligible Inventory as set forth in the inventory stock ledgers of the Loan Parties, which value shall be determined from time to time by the most recent appraisal undertaken by an independent appraiser engaged by the Agent or (b) with respect to Eligible Real Estate, the fair market value of Eligible Real Estate as set forth in the most recent appraisal of Eligible Real Estate as determined from time to time by an independent appraiser engaged by the Agent provided that the Appraised Value of Eligible Real Estate shall in no event exceed the maximum amount of the Obligations at any time specified to be secured by a Mortgage thereon. 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender or (d) the same investment advisor or an advisor under common control with such Lender, Affiliate or advisor, as applicable. 
 Arrangers means each of Wells Fargo, Citizens Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in their respective capacities as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner. 

Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other form approved by the Agent and the Lead Borrower. 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended January 30, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
 Availability means, as of any date of determination thereof by the Agent, the result, if a positive number, of 
 (a) The Loan Cap 
 Minus 
 (b) The Total Outstandings. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 Availability Reserves means, without duplication of any other Reserves or items to the extent such items are otherwise addressed or excluded through eligibility criteria, Bank Product Reserves, Cash Management Reserves, the Debt Maturity Reserve, Realty Reserves, and such other reserves as the Agent from time to time determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate (a) to reflect the impediments to the Agent s ability to realize upon the Collateral, (b) to reflect claims and liabilities that the Agent determines will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Collateral or (c) to reflect criteria, events, conditions, contingencies or risks which adversely affect any component of the Borrowing Base, or the assets, business, financial performance or financial condition of any Loan Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Availability Reserves shall not include (i) Bank Product Reserves for the credit exposure of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent under a Swap Contract or foreign exchange facility except after the occurrence of a Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event or (ii) other Bank Products Reserves until such time as Availability is less than 17.5 of the Loan Cap. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, x a if the then-current such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or y b otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark , as applicable, (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.03(b)(iv) . 

Average Daily Availability means, for any Fiscal Quarter, an amount equal to (a) the sum of Availability for each day of such Fiscal Quarter divided by (b) the actual number of days in such Fiscal Quarter. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Products means any services of facilities provided to any Loan Party or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent by a Lender Counterparty (but excluding Cash Management Services) including, without limitation, on account of (a) Swap Contracts, (b) merchant services constituting a line of credit, (c) leasing and (d) foreign exchange facilities. 
 Bank Product Reserves means such reserves as the Agent from time to time determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent with respect to Bank Products then provided or outstanding. 
 Base Rate means, for any day, the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50 ), (b) the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of one month and shall be determined on a daily basis) plus one percentage point (1.00 ), and (c) Floor, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus , (c) Term SOFR for a one month tenor in effect on such day, plus 1 , provided that this clause c shall not be applicable during any period in which Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable, and (d) the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its prime rate in effect on such day , with the understanding that the prime rate is one of Wells Fargo s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate (and, if any such announced rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this clause c shall be deemed to be zero) . 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at the Base Rate. 
 Benchmark means, initially, USD LIBOR the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event, or an Early Opt-in Election , as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have has occurred with respect to USD LIBOR the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 3.03(b)(i) . 

Benchmark Replacement means, 
 
 (a) with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event or Early Opt-in Election, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) for any Available Tenor, the sum of (A) Term SOFR and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 (2) the sum of (A) the SOFR Average and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 (3) for any Available Tenor (if applicable) Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event , the sum of A a the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Lead Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor (if applicable) giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and B b the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or provided that if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement shall be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (b) with respect to any Term SOFR Transition Event, for any Available Tenor (if applicable), the sum of (i) Term SOFR and (ii) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 provided that, (i) in the case of clause (a)(1), if the Agent decides that Term SOFR is not administratively feasible for the Agent, then Term SOFR will be deemed unable to be determined for purposes of this definition and (ii) in the case of clause (a)(1) or clause (b) of this definition, the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a)( 1), (a)(2 or (a)( 3) or clause (b) of this definition would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor (if applicable for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 (1) for purposes of clauses (a)(1) and (a)(2 of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark 
 (2) for purposes of clause (a)( 3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement , Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark 

Replacement for any applicable Available Tenor , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Lead Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Available Tenor if applicable of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated United States dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and at such time. 
 (3) for purposes of clause (b) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Available Tenor of USD LIBOR with a SOFR-based rate 
 provided that, (x) in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion and (y) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, more than one tenor of such Benchmark is available as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement that will replace such Benchmark in accordance with Section 3.03(b)(i) will not be a term rate, the Available Tenor of such Benchmark for purposes of this definition of Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall be deemed to be, with respect to each Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement having a payment period for interest calculated with reference thereto, the Available Tenor that has approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustments) as such payment period. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, the applicability of Section 3.05 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of a i the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and b ii the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of the public on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the Agent has provided the Term SOFR Notice to the Lenders and the Lead Borrower pursuant to Section 3.03(b)( i)(B) or 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) if the then current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the FRB, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that 

all Available Tenors (if applicable) of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if the then-current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (i) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (ii) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(b) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(b) . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a Person means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such Person. 
 Blocked Account means the deposit accounts maintained by the Loan Parties in which funds of any of the Loan Parties from one or more DDAs (other than Excluded DDAs) are concentrated. 
 Blocked Account Agreement means with respect to any Blocked Account, an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, establishing control, pursuant to Section 9-104 of the UCC or other applicable section of the UCC, of such account by the Agent and whereby the bank maintaining such account agrees, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Agent without the further consent of any Loan Party. 
 Blocked Account Bank means each bank at which a Blocked Account is maintained and with whom a Blocked Account Agreement has been, or is required to be, executed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowers has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
 Borrowing Base means, at any time of calculation, an amount equal to 
 (a) 90 multiplied by the face amount of Eligible Credit Card Receivables 
 plus 

(b) 85 multiplied by the face amount of Eligible Trade Receivables (net of Receivables Reserves applicable thereto) 
 plus 
 (c) the Cost of Eligible Inventory, net of Inventory Reserves, multiplied by the product of Inventory Advance Rate multiplied by the Appraised Value of Eligible Inventory 
 plus 
 (d) the Real Estate Advance Rate multiplied by the Appraised Value of Eligible Real Estate provided that amounts available to be borrowed pursuant to this clause (d) shall not exceed the lesser of (i) 25 of the aggregate amount of the Borrowing Base and (ii) 100,000,000 
 plus 
 (e) 85 multiplied by the face amount of Eligible Gift Card Receivables (net of Receivables Reserves applicable thereto) provided that amounts available to be borrowed pursuant to this clause (e) shall at no time exceed 1,000,000 
 minus 
 (f) the then applicable amount of all Availability Reserves. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto (with such changes therein as may be required by the Agent to reflect the components of, and reserves against, the Borrowing Base from time to time as provided for hereunder), executed and certified as accurate and complete by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, which shall include appropriate exhibits, schedules and supporting documentation as reasonably requested by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Business Day means any day other than that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Agent s Office is located and, if such day relates to any LIBOR Rate Loan, means any London Business Day. the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) all expenditures made (whether made in the form of cash or other property) or costs incurred for the acquisition or improvement of fixed or capital assets of such Person (excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations), in each case that are set forth as capital expenditures in a Consolidated statement of cash flows of such Person for such period, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by a Person during such period, but excluding Permitted Acquisitions. 
 Capital Lease Obligations means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the finance lease liability in respect of a finance lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP provided that obligations of the Parent or the Restricted Subsidiaries, or of a special purpose or other entity not consolidated with the Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries, either existing on the Closing Date or created thereafter that (a) initially were not included on the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent as finance lease obligations or were subsequently characterized as finance lease obligations or, in the case of 

such a special purpose or other entity becoming consolidated with the Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries were required to be characterized as finance lease obligations upon such consideration, in either case, due to a change in accounting treatment or otherwise, or (b) did not exist on the Closing Date and were required to be characterized as finance lease obligations, but would not have been required to be treated as finance lease obligations on the Closing Date had they existed at that time, shall for all purposes not be treated as Capital Lease Obligations or Indebtedness. Capital Lease Obligations shall exclude all operating lease and non-finance lease liabilities that are required to be capitalized and reflected as liabilities in the balance sheet in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Collateral Account means a non-interest bearing account established by one or more of the Loan Parties with Wells Fargo, and in the name of, the Agent (or as the Agent shall otherwise direct) and under the sole and exclusive dominion and control of the Agent, in which deposits are required to be made in accordance with Section 2.03(k) or 8.02(c) . 
 Cash Collateralize has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(k) . Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings. 
 Cash Dominion Event means either (i) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (ii) the failure of the Borrowers to maintain Availability of the greater of at least (a) 12.5 of the Loan Cap or (b) 35,000,000 for five (5) consecutive Business Days. For purposes of this Agreement, the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event shall be deemed continuing at the Agent s option (i) so long as such Event of Default has not been waived, and or (ii) if the Cash Dominion Event arises as a result of the Borrowers failure to achieve Availability as required hereunder, until Availability has exceeded the greater of (x) 12.5 of the Loan Cap or (y) 35,000,000 for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, in which case a Cash Dominion Event shall no longer be deemed to be continuing for purposes of this Agreement provided that a Cash Dominion Event shall be deemed continuing (even if an Event of Default is no longer continuing and or Availability exceeds the required amount for (30) consecutive calendar days) at all times during any twelve month period if a Cash Dominion Event occurs at any time after a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and been discontinued on two (2) occasions during such twelve month period after the Closing Date. The termination of a Cash Dominion Event as provided herein shall in no way limit, waive or delay the occurrence of a subsequent Cash Dominion Event in the event that the conditions set forth in this definition again arise. 
 Cash Management Reserves means such reserves as the Agent, from time to time, determines in its Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the reasonably anticipated liabilities and obligations of the Loan Parties or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent with respect to Cash Management Services then provided or outstanding. 
 Cash Management Services means any cash management services or facilities provided to any Loan Party or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent by any Lender Counterparty, including, without limitation (a) ACH transactions, (b) controlled disbursement services, treasury, depository, overdraft, and electronic funds transfer services, (c) credit or debit cards, (d) credit card processing services, and (e) purchase cards. 
 CERCLA means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. 
 CERCLIS means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Information System maintained by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. 

CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 
 CFC Holdco means any Domestic Subsidiary with no material assets other than the direct or indirect ownership of any amount or class of Equity Interests in one or more CFCs. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or , (c) any new, or adjustment to, requirements prescribed by the FRB for Eurocurrency Liabilities (as defined in Regulation D of the FRB), requirements imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or similar requirements imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental authority or resulting from compliance by the Agent or any Lender with any request or directive whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority and related in any manner to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR or (d) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control means 
 (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, on or after the Closing Date, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the Closing Date but in all cases other than the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent, in each case including, without limitation, in its fiduciary capacity, or any employee benefit plan of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent, or any entity or trustee holding Equity Interests for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan or for the purpose of funding any such plan or funding other employee benefits for employees of the Parent or any Subsidiary of the Parent), of Equity Interests representing more than 33 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Parent as of the date of such acquisition or 
 (b) the Parent fails at any time to own, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party free and clear of all Liens (other than the Liens in favor of the Agent and the Notes Collateral Agent), except where such failure is as a result of a transaction permitted by the Loan Documents. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 April 29, 2021 . 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended and in effect. 
 Collateral means any and all Collateral or Mortgaged Property as defined in any applicable Security Document and all other property that is or is intended under the terms of the Security Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Agent provided that Collateral shall in no event include a pledge 

of the Equity Interests of a CFC or CFC Holdco by a Person in excess of 65 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests, and 100 of the non-voting Equity Interests, of such CFC or CFC Holdco. 
 Collateral Access Agreement means an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent executed by (a) a bailee or other Person in possession of Collateral in excess of 2,000,000, and (b) any landlord of Real Estate leased by any Loan Party, pursuant to which such Person (i) acknowledges the Agent s Lien on the Collateral, (ii) releases or subordinates such Person s Liens in the Collateral held by such Person or located on such Real Estate, (iii) provides the Agent with reasonable access to the Collateral held by such bailee or other Person or located in or on such Real Estate, (iv) as to any landlord, provides the Agent with a reasonable time to sell and dispose of the Collateral from such Real Estate, and (v) makes such other agreements with the Agent as the Agent may reasonably require related to the use and access of the Collateral. 
 Collection Account has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(b) . 
 Commercial Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by a Loan Party in the ordinary course of business of such Loan Party. 
 Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement means the Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement relating to the issuance of a Commercial Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L C Issuer. 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01 , (b) purchase participations in L C Obligations, and (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Commitment Fee Rate means (a) 0.375 per annum if the average of the Total Outstandings during the immediately preceding calendar quarter is less than 50.00 of the Aggregate Commitments, and (b) 0.250 per annum if the average of Total Outstandings during the immediately preceding calendar quarter is equal to or greater than 50.00 of the Aggregate Commitments provided that the Commitment Fee Rate with respect to the commitment fee payable on July 1, 2021 shall be 0.250 per annum . 
 Commitment Increase has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(a) . 
 Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01 . 
 Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Concentration Account has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(d) . 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.05 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Consent means actual consent given by a Lender from whom such consent is sought or the passage of ten (10) Business Days from receipt of written notice to a Lender from the Agent of a proposed course of action to be followed by the Agent without such Lender giving the Agent written notice of that Lender s objection to such course of action. 
 Consolidated means, when used to modify a financial term, test, statement, or report of a Person, the application or preparation of such term, test, statement or report (as applicable) based upon the consolidation, in accordance with GAAP, of the financial condition or operating results of such Person and its Subsidiaries. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a Consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period, plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income Taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense (including impairment of long-term store fixed assets), (iv) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (v) other non-recurring expenses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period, (vi) impairment of right-to-use assets, and (vii) other non-recurring cash expenses reducing such Consolidated Net Income in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000 during any applicable Measurement Period (in each case of or by the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period) minus (b) to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (i) Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits (to the extent not already deducted in calculating (a)(ii) above) and (ii) all non-cash income or gain increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period (but excluding any such items to the extent they represent (1) the reversal in such period of an accrual of, or reserve for, potential cash expense in a prior period, (2) any non-cash gains with respect to cash actually received in a prior period to the extent such cash did not increase Consolidated Net Income in a prior period or (3) items representing ordinary course accruals of cash to be received in future periods), all as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (x) (i) Consolidated EBITDA for such period, minus (ii) Capital Expenditures made during such period, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash during such period, plus (y) Qualified Cash of the Loan Parties for such period to (b) the sum of (i) Debt Service 

Charges plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments, in each case, of or by the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, but excluding any non-cash or deferred interest financing costs, and (b) the portion of Capital Lease Obligations with respect to such period that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP minus (c) interest income during such period (excluding any portion of interest income representing accruals of amounts received in a previous period), in each case of or by the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date of determination, the net income of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the most recently completed Measurement Period, all as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided , however , that there shall be excluded therefrom (a) extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses for such Measurement Period, (b) the income (or loss) of such Person during such Measurement Period in which any other Person has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of cash dividends or other distributions actually paid in cash to such Person during such period, (c) the income (or loss) of such Person during such Measurement Period and accrued prior to the date it becomes a Subsidiary of a Person or any of such Person s Subsidiaries or is merged into or consolidated with a Person or any of its Subsidiaries or that Person s assets are acquired by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, and (d) the income of any direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Person to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Subsidiary, except that the Parent s equity in any net loss of any such Subsidiary for such Measurement Period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Controlled Substances Act means the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. Sections 801 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Cost means the lower of cost or market value of Inventory, based upon the applicable Loan Parties accounting practices, known to the Agent, which practices are in effect on the Closing Date, with such changes as permitted by GAAP and with respect to any such material changes, for which the Lead Borrower has notified the Agent that such material changes have been made as promptly as is practicable, as such calculated cost is determined from invoices received by the Loan Parties, the Loan Parties purchase journals or the Loan Parties inventory stock ledgers. 

Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 10.26 . 
 Credit Card Issuer means any person (other than a Borrower or other Loan Party) who issues or whose members issue (i) credit cards, including, without limitation, MasterCard or VISA, (ii) bank credit or debit cards or other bank credit, debit or charge cards issued through MasterCard International, Inc., Visa, U.S.A., Inc. or Visa International and American Express, Discover, Diners Club or Carte Blanche, (iii) other non-bank credit, debit or charge cards, including, without limitation, credit, debit or charge cards issued by or through American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., and Novus Services, Inc., (iv) non-card alternative payment methods issued by Klarna, Afterpay, Sezzle or Affirm and (v) other issuers approved by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Credit Card Processor means any servicing or processing agent or any factor or financial intermediary who facilitates, services, processes or manages the credit authorization, billing transfer and or payment procedures with respect to any Borrower s sales transactions involving credit card or debit card purchases by customers using credit cards or debit cards issued by any Credit Card Issuer, including, without limitation, PayPal, Inc. 
 Credit Card Notifications has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(a)(i) . 
 Credit Card Receivables means each payment intangible (as defined in the UCC) together with all income, payments and proceeds thereof, owed by a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor to a Loan Party resulting from charges by a customer of a Loan Party on credit, debit or charge cards, or non-card alternative payment methods, issued or approved by such Credit Card Issuer in connection with the sale of goods by a Loan Party, or services performed by a Loan Party, in each case in the ordinary course of its business. 
 Credit Extensions mean each of the following (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L C Credit Extension. 
 Credit Party or Credit Parties means (a) individually, (i) each Lender and its Affiliates, (ii) the Agent, (iii) each L C Issuer, (iv) the Arrangers, (v) each Lender Counterparty and (vi) the successors and permitted assigns of each of the foregoing, and (b) collectively, all of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party Expenses means, without limitation, (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent and its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation (i) the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of (A) counsel for the Agent, (B) outside consultants for the Agent, (C) appraisers, (D) commercial finance examinations, (E) photocopying, notarization, couriers and messengers, telecommunication, public record searches, filing fees, recording fees and publication, (F) the Agent s customary fees and charges imposed or incurred in connection with any background checks or OFAC PEP searches related to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and (G) all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of the Obligations, (ii) in connection with (A) the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, (B) the preparation, negotiation, administration, management, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not the transactions 

contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (C) the enforcement or protection of their rights in connection with this Agreement or the Loan Documents or efforts to preserve, protect, collect, or enforce the Collateral (including, without limitation, in connection with, during the continuation of an Event of Default, gaining possession of, maintaining, handling, preserving, storing, shipping, selling, preparing for sale, or advertising to sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated), or (D) any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of any Obligations, (iii) all customary fees and charges (as adjusted from time to time) of the Agent with respect to the disbursement of funds (or the receipt of funds) to or for the account of Borrowers (whether by wire transfer or otherwise), together with reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, and (iv) customary charges imposed or incurred by the Agent resulting from the dishonor of checks payable by or to any Loan Party and (b) with respect to the L C Issuer, and its Affiliates, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (c) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Credit Parties who are not the Agent, the L C Issuer or any Affiliate of any of them in enforcing any Obligations of or in collecting any payments due from any Loan Party hereunder or under the other Loan Documents provided that such Credit Parties shall be entitled to reimbursement for no more than one counsel representing all such Credit Parties under the Loan Documents (absent an actual or perceived conflict of interest in which case the Credit Parties may engage and be reimbursed for additional counsel). 
 Customs Broker Carrier Agreement means an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent among a Borrower, a customs broker, freight forwarder, consolidator or carrier, and the Agent, in which the customs broker, freight forwarder, consolidator or carrier acknowledges that it has control over and holds the documents evidencing ownership of the subject Inventory for the benefit of the Agent and agrees, upon notice from the Agent, to hold and dispose of the subject Inventory solely as directed by the Agent. 
 DDA means each checking, savings or other demand deposit account maintained by any of the Loan Parties. All funds in each DDA shall be conclusively presumed to be Collateral and proceeds of Collateral and the Agent and the Lenders shall have no duty to inquire as to the source of the amounts on deposit in any DDA. 
 Debt Maturity Reserve means, during any Debt Reserve Period, an amount equal to the then outstanding principal balance of the Notes under the Notes Facility outstanding on the date which is sixty (60) days prior to the maturity date of the Notes Facility, which Debt Maturity Reserve shall remain in place (but shall be reduced to give effect to any payments of the Notes Facility made during such Debt Reserve Period to the extent such payments are permitted under this Agreement) until the earlier of the repayment of the Notes Facility (including as a result of a Permitted Refinancing thereof) or the extension of the maturity date of the Notes Facility to a date which is at least ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date. The Debt Maturity Reserve shall be maintained as an Availability Reserve if at any time during the Debt Reserve Period on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the repayment of all outstanding amounts under the Notes Facility, Liquidity of the Loan Parties is less than 225,000,000 provided that not less than 150,000,000 of such Liquidity must be in the form of Availability. 
 Debt Reserve Period means the period beginning on the 60 th day prior to the maturity date of the Notes Facility and ending on the date of the repayment in full of the Notes Facility. If and to the extent that such Indebtedness is repaid by virtue of any Permitted Refinancing, a subsequent Debt Maturity Reserve shall be imposed in an amount equal to the outstanding principal balance of such Indebtedness from and after the date that is sixty (60) days prior to the maturity date of such Permitted Refinancing. 

Debt Service Charges means for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) Consolidated Interest Charges paid or required to be paid for such Measurement Period, plus (b) principal payments scheduled to be made on account of Indebtedness (excluding the Obligations, Indebtedness incurred under supply chain financing services, if any and to the extent ever determined to constitute Indebtedness, and any Synthetic Lease Obligations but including, without limitation, Capital Lease Obligations) for such Measurement Period, in each case determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Margin, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans, plus (iii) 2 per annum provided , however , that with respect to a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Margin) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Margin for Standby Letters of Credit or Commercial Letters of Credit, as applicable, plus 2 per annum. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder, or (ii) pay to Agent, L C Issuer, or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified any Borrower, Agent or L C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by Agent or Lead Borrower, to confirm in writing to Agent and Lead Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided , that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by Agent and Lead Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action provided , that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting 

Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to Lead Borrower, L C Issuer, and each Lender. 
 Defaulting Lender Rate means (a) for the first three (3) days from and after the date the relevant payment is due, the Base Rate, and (b) thereafter, the interest rate then applicable to Committed Loans that are Base Rate Loans (inclusive of the Applicable Margin applicable thereto). 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition, including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, transfer, license or other disposition of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of any property (including, without limitation, any Equity Interests other than Equity Interests of the Parent) by any Person (or the granting of any option or other right to do any of the foregoing), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, and including any transaction described in this definition that is consummated pursuant to an allocation of assets among newly divided limited liability companies pursuant to a plan of division . For the avoidance of doubt, none of (w) the issuance or sale of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness by the Parent, (x) the sale of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by the Parent, (y) the purchase of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction nor (z) the performance by the Parent and or any Subsidiary thereof of Parent s or such Subsidiary s obligations under any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Warrant Transaction or any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, shall constitute a Disposition. 
 Disqualified Institutions means any banks, financial institutions or other Persons separately identified by the Lead Borrower to the Arrangers prior to the Closing Date. 
 Disqualified Stock means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the Maturity Date provided , however , that (i) only the portion of such Equity Interests which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so convertible or exchangeable or is so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock and (ii) with respect to any Equity Interests issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Parent or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Parent or one of its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s termination, resignation, death or disability and if any class of Equity Interest of such Person that by its terms authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of an Equity Interest that is not Disqualified Stock, such Equity Interests shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Equity Interest that would constitute Disqualified Stock solely because the holders thereof have the right to require a Loan Party to repurchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of a change of control or an asset sale shall not constitute Disqualified Stock. The amount of Disqualified Stock deemed to be outstanding at any time for purposes of this Agreement will be the maximum amount that the Parent and its Subsidiaries may become obligated to pay upon maturity of, or pursuant to any mandatory redemption provisions of, such Disqualified Stock or portion thereof, plus accrued dividends. 
 Documentation Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Dollars and mean lawful money of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Subsidiary organized under the laws of Puerto Rico or any other territory). 
 Drawing Document means any Letter of Credit or other document presented for purposes of drawing under any Letter of Credit, including by electronic transmission such as SWIFT, electronic mail, facsimile or computer generated communication. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is USD LIBOR, the occurrence of 
 (1) a notification by the Agent to (or the request by the Lead Borrower to the Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, Term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 (2) the joint election by the Agent and the Lead Borrower to trigger a fallback from USD LIBOR and the provision by the Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Assignee means (a) a Credit Party or any of its Affiliates (b) a bank, insurance company, or company engaged in the business of making commercial loans, which Person, together with its Affiliates, has a combined capital and surplus in excess of 250,000,000 (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person (other than a natural Person) satisfying the requirements of Section 10.06(b) provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Eligible Assignee shall not include (x) a Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (y) unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Disqualified Institutions. 
 Eligible Credit Card Receivables means at the time of any determination thereof, each Credit Card Receivable that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination such Credit Card Receivable (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Loan Party from a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor, and in each case originated in the ordinary course of business of such Loan Party, and (ii) is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (i) below. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Credit Card Receivable, such Credit Card Receivable shall indicate no Person other than a Loan Party as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included, the face amount of a Credit Card Receivable shall be reduced by, without 

duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Loan Party may be obligated to rebate to a customer, a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Credit Card Receivable but not yet applied by the Loan Parties to reduce the amount of such Credit Card Receivable. Except as otherwise agreed by the Agent, any Credit Card Receivable included within any of the following categories shall not constitute an Eligible Credit Card Receivable 
 (a) Credit Card Receivables which do not constitute a payment intangible (as defined in the UCC) or Account 
 (b) Credit Card Receivables that have been outstanding for more than five (5) Business Days from the date of sale 
 (c) Credit Card Receivables (i) that are not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Agent, or (ii) with respect to which a Loan Party does not have good, valid and marketable title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Agent pursuant to the Security Documents, to the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to the Notes Documents, and other Permitted Encumbrances arising by operation of Law) 
 (d) Credit Card Receivables which are disputed, are with recourse, or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted (to the extent of such claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback) 
 (e) Credit Card Receivables as to which the Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor has required a Loan Party to repurchase the Credit Card Receivables from such Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor in connection with customer returns or fraudulent credit transactions 
 (f) Credit Card Receivables due from a Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor which is the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings 
 (g) Credit Card Receivables which are not a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the applicable Credit Card Issuer or Credit Card Processor with respect thereto 
 (h) Credit Card Receivables which do not conform in all material respects (subject to any materiality qualifiers contained therein) to all representations, warranties or other provisions in the Loan Documents relating to Credit Card Receivables or 
 (i) Credit Card Receivables which the Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be uncertain of collection or which do not meet such other reasonable eligibility criteria for Credit Card Receivables as the Agent may determine in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Eligible Gift Card Receivables means all Gift Card Accounts that (i) constitute proceeds from the sale or disposition of Loan Party gift cards pursuant to a Gift Card Agreement, and (ii) unless otherwise agreed by the Agent, are not otherwise excluded under clauses (a) through (v) of the definition of Eligible Trade Receivables . 
 Eligible In-Transit Inventory means, as of any date of determination thereof, without duplication of other Eligible Inventory, In-Transit Inventory 

(a) That has been shipped from a location outside of the United States for receipt by a Loan Party, but which has not yet been delivered to such Loan Party, which In-Transit Inventory has been in transit for sixty (60) days or less from the date of shipment of such Inventory 
 (b) For which the purchase order is in the name of a Loan Party and title to such Inventory and risk of loss has passed to such Loan Party 
 (c) That has been shipped from a location outside of the United States and with respect to which an Acceptable Document of Title has been issued, and in each case as to which the Agent has control (as defined in the UCC) over the documents of title which evidence ownership of the subject Inventory (such as, if requested by the Agent, by the delivery of a Customs Broker Carrier Agreement) 
 (d) That is insured to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent (including, without limitation, marine cargo insurance) and 
 (e) Which otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory 
 provided that the Agent may, in its Permitted Discretion, exclude any particular Inventory from the definition of Eligible In-Transit Inventory in the event the Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion that such Inventory is subject to any Person s right of reclamation, repudiation, stoppage in transit or any event has occurred or is reasonably anticipated by the Agent to arise which may otherwise adversely impact the ability of the Agent to realize upon such Inventory. 
 Eligible Inventory means, as of the date of determination thereof, without duplication, (i) Eligible In-Transit Inventory, and (ii) items of Inventory of a Loan Party that are finished goods, merchantable and readily saleable in the ordinary course of such Loan Party s business, in each case that, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent, (A) complies with each of the representations and warranties with respect to Inventory made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents, and (B) is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the criteria set forth below, the following items of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory 
 (a) Inventory that is not solely owned by a Loan Party or a Loan Party does not have good and valid title thereto free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Agent pursuant to the Security Documents, to the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to the Notes Documents, and other Permitted Encumbrances arising by operation of Law) 
 (b) Inventory that is leased by or is on consignment to a Loan Party or which is consigned by a Loan Party to a Person which is not a Loan Party 
 (c) Inventory (other than Eligible In-Transit Inventory) that is not located in the United States of America (excluding territories or possessions of the United States (other than Puerto Rico)) 
 (d) Inventory that is not located at a location that is owned or leased by a Loan Party, except (i) Inventory in transit between such owned or leased locations or locations which meet the criteria set forth in clause (ii) below, (ii) to the extent that the Loan Parties have furnished the Agent with (A) any UCC financing statements or other documents that the Agent may determine to be necessary to perfect its security interest in such Inventory at such location, and (B) a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the Person owning any such 

location on terms reasonably acceptable to the Agent or (iii) Work Room Inventory in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000 at any time 
 (e) Inventory that is located in a distribution center or warehouse leased by a Loan Party unless either (i) the applicable lessor has delivered to the Agent a Collateral Access Agreement or (ii) the Agent has established an Availability Reserve therefor 
 (f) Inventory that is comprised of goods which (i) are damaged, defective, seconds, or otherwise unmerchantable, (ii) are to be returned to the vendor, (iii) are obsolete or slow moving, or custom items, work-in-process, raw materials, or that constitute samples, spare parts, promotional, marketing, labels, bags and other packaging and shipping materials or supplies used or consumed in a Loan Party s business, (iv) not in compliance with all standards imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Inventory, its use or sale, or (v) are bill and hold goods 
 (g) Inventory that is not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Agent (other than, with respect to In-Transit Inventory, statutory Liens in favor of carriers permitted under clause (b) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances 
 (h) Inventory that is not insured in compliance with the provisions of Section 5.10 hereof 
 (i) Inventory that has been sold but not yet delivered or as to which a Loan Party has accepted a deposit 
 (j) Inventory that is subject to any licensing, patent, royalty, trademark, trade name or copyright agreement with any third party from which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice of a dispute in respect of any such agreement and such dispute relates to the use of such license by a Loan Party 
 (k) Inventory acquired in a Permitted Acquisition or which is not of the type usually sold in the ordinary course of the Loan Parties business, unless and until the Agent has completed or received (A) an appraisal of such Inventory from appraisers satisfactory to the Agent and establishes an Inventory Advance Rate and Inventory Reserves (if applicable) therefor, and otherwise agrees that such Inventory shall be deemed Eligible Inventory, and (B) upon the reasonable request of the Agent, such other due diligence as the Agent may require, all of the results of the foregoing to be reasonably satisfactory to the Agent or 
 (l) Inventory which does not meet such other reasonable eligibility criteria for Eligible Inventory as the Agent may determine in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Eligible Real Estate means Real Estate deemed by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion to be eligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base and which, except as otherwise agreed by the Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, satisfies all of the following conditions 
 (a) A Loan Party owns such Real Estate in fee simple 
 (b) Either the Notes Facility has been paid in full or the Notes Collateral Agent has consented to an amendment of the Intercreditor Agreement and the Notes Documents to allow such Eligible Real Estate to be included in the Borrowing Base and to be subject to the first priority Lien of the Agent 

(c) The Agent shall have received evidence that all actions that the Agent may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate in order to create valid subsisting Liens (subject (x) in priority only to Permitted Encumbrances (other than Liens securing Indebtedness) which have priority over the Lien of the Agent by operation of Law and (y) otherwise to Permitted Encumbrances which are junior to the Lien of the Agent) on the property described in the Mortgages has been taken. 
 (d) The Agent shall have received an appraisal (based upon Appraised Value) of such Real Estate complying with the requirements of FIRREA by a third party appraiser reasonably acceptable to the Agent and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and 
 (e) The Real Estate Eligibility Requirements have been satisfied. 
 Eligible Trade Receivables means each Account eligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base arising from the sale of the Loan Parties Inventory (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Credit Card Receivables) that satisfies the following criteria at the time of creation and continues to meet the same at the time of such determination such Account (i) has been earned by performance and represents the bona fide amounts due to a Loan Party from an account debtor, and in each case originated in the ordinary course of business of such Loan Party, and (ii) in each case is acceptable to the Agent in its Permitted Discretion, and is not ineligible for inclusion in the calculation of the Borrowing Base pursuant to any of clauses (a) through (u) below as determined by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion. Without limiting the foregoing, to qualify as an Eligible Trade Receivable, an Account shall indicate no Person other than a Loan Party as payee or remittance party. In determining the amount to be so included, the face amount of an Account shall be reduced by, without duplication, to the extent not reflected in such face amount, (i) the amount of all accrued and actual discounts, claims, credits or credits pending, promotional program allowances, price adjustments, finance charges or other allowances (including any amount that a Loan Party may be obligated to rebate to a customer pursuant to the terms of any agreement or understanding (written or oral)) and (ii) the aggregate amount of all cash received in respect of such Account but not yet applied by the Loan Parties to reduce the amount of such Eligible Trade Receivable. Except as otherwise agreed by the Agent, any Account included within any of the following categories shall not constitute an Eligible Trade Receivable or an Eligible Gift Card Receivable 
 (a) Accounts that are not evidenced by an invoice 
 (b) Accounts that have been outstanding for more than one hundred and twenty (120) days from the date of sale or more than sixty (60) days past the due date 
 (c) Accounts due from any account debtor for which fifty (50 percent or more of the Accounts due from such account debtor are ineligible pursuant to clause (b), above. 
 (d) All Accounts owed by an account debtor and or its Affiliates together exceed twenty percent (20 (or any higher percentage now or hereafter established by the Agent for any particular account debtor) of the amount of all Accounts at any one time (but the portion of the Accounts not in excess of the applicable percentages may be deemed Eligible Trade Receivables, in the Agent s Permitted Discretion) provided that this clause (d) shall not be applicable until such time as the amount of Eligible Trade Receivables included in the Borrowing Base exceeds five (5 percent of the Borrowing Base 

(e) Accounts (i) that are not subject to a perfected first-priority security interest in favor of the Agent, or (ii) with respect to which a Loan Party does not have good, valid and marketable title thereto, free and clear of any Lien (other than Liens granted to the Agent pursuant to the Security Documents, to the Notes Collateral Agent pursuant to the Notes Documents, and other Permitted Encumbrances arising by operation of Law) 
 (f) Accounts which are disputed or with respect to which a claim, counterclaim, offset or chargeback has been asserted, but only to the extent of such dispute, counterclaim, offset or chargeback 
 (g) Accounts which arise out of any sale made not in the ordinary course of business, made on a basis other than upon credit terms usual to the business of the Loan Parties or are not payable in Dollars 
 (h) Accounts which are owed by any account debtor whose principal place of business is not within the continental United States or Canada 
 (i) Accounts which are owed by any Affiliate or any employee of a Loan Party 
 (j) Accounts for which all consents, approvals or authorizations of, or registrations or declarations with any Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the performance of such Account by the account debtor or in connection with the enforcement of such Account by the Agent have been duly obtained, effected or given and are in full force and effect 
 (k) Accounts due from an account debtor which is the subject of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, has had a trustee or receiver appointed for all or a substantial part of its property, has made an assignment for the benefit of creditors or has suspended its business 
 (l) Accounts due from any Governmental Authority except to the extent that the subject account debtor is the federal government of the United States of America and has complied with the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940 and any similar state legislation 
 (m) Accounts (i) owing from any Person that is also a supplier to or creditor of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries unless such Person has waived any right of setoff in a manner acceptable to the Agent or (ii) representing any manufacturer s or supplier s credits, discounts, incentive plans or similar arrangements entitling a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to discounts on future purchase therefrom 
 (n) Accounts arising out of sales on a bill-and-hold, guaranteed sale, sale-or-return, sale on approval or consignment basis or subject to any right of return, set off or charge back 
 (o) Accounts arising out of sales to account debtors outside the United States unless such Accounts are fully backed by an irrevocable letter of credit on terms, and issued by a financial institution, acceptable to the Agent and such irrevocable letter of credit is in the possession of the Agent 
 (p) Accounts payable other than in Dollars or that are otherwise on terms other than those normal and customary in the Loan Parties business 

(q) Accounts evidenced by a promissory note or other instrument 
 (r) Accounts consisting of amounts due from vendors as rebates or allowances 
 (s) Accounts which are in excess of the credit limit for such account debtor established by the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices 
 (t) Accounts which include extended payment terms (datings) beyond those generally furnished to other account debtors in the ordinary course of business 
 (u) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Entity or 
 (v) Accounts which the Agent determines in its Permitted Discretion to be uncertain of collection or which do not meet such other reasonable eligibility criteria for Accounts as the Agent may determine. 
 Environmental Compliance Reserve means, with respect to Eligible Real Estate, any reserve which the Agent, from time to time in its discretion establishes for estimable amounts that are reasonably likely to be expended by any of the Loan Parties in order for such Loan Party and its operations and property (a) to comply with any notice from a Governmental Authority asserting non-compliance with Environmental Laws, or (b) to correct any such non-compliance with Environmental Laws or to provide for any Environmental Liability. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equipment has the meaning set forth in the UCC. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, capital stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire capital stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, capital stock) provided , that no Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, other debt securities that are or by their terms may be convertible or exchangeable into or for Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) (or into or for any combination cash and Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) by reference to the price of such Equity Interests) nor any Permitted Warrant Transactions, in each case, shall constitute Equity Interests of the Lead Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries prior to settlement, conversion, exchange or exercise thereof. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with any Loan Party within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 and 4971 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification to the Lead Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination of a Pension Plan or a Multiemployer Plan under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Lead Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered to be an at-risk plan, or that any Multiemployer Plan is considered to be in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 or 305 of ERISA. 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.28. 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.28. 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.28. 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.28. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Excluded DDA means any deposit account exclusively used for payroll or employee benefits or which is a trust or fiduciary account. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means each (i) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (ii) Immaterial Subsidiary, (iii) Domestic Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of a CFC, (iv) CFC or CFC Holdco, and (v) Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable Law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or existing at the time of acquisition thereof after the Closing Date, in each case from guaranteeing the Obligations and the Notes Facility or that would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a guarantee unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, or that would result in an adverse Tax consequence to the Lead Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries (including as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code or any similar Law or regulation in any applicable jurisdiction) because of providing a guarantee as reasonably determined by the Lead Borrower and the Agent provided that (x) any Domestic Subsidiary of the Parent that is a guarantor under the Notes Facility or (y) any other Subsidiary of the Parent that guarantees the obligations under the Notes Facility shall become a Guarantor hereunder. 

Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the liability of such Loan Party of, or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any liability or Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the liability for or the Guarantee of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation (such determination being made after giving effect to any keepwell, support or other agreement for the benefit of the applicable Loan Party, including under Section 10.24 ). If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal for the reasons identified in the immediately preceding sentence of this definition. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Agent, any Lender, the L C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any Obligation of the Loan Parties hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes), and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located, or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Lead Borrower under Section 10.13 ), any withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending Office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 3.01(g) , except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Loan Parties with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 3.01 , (c) any U.S. federal, state or local backup withholding Tax, and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this Agreement. 
 Existing Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 10.27 . 
 Facility Guaranty means the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Agent and the other Credit Parties, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable), and (a) any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and (c) any intergovernmental agreement entered into by the United States (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection therewith) implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 FCA has the meaning specified in Section 1.09 . 
 FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it (and, if any such rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this definition shall be deemed to be zero). 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 FIRREA means the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended from time to time. 
 Fiscal Month means any fiscal month of any Fiscal Year, which month shall generally end on the Saturday of the 4-5-4 week period in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Quarter means any fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year, which quarters shall generally end on the Saturday closest to the end of each April, July, October and January of such Fiscal Year in accordance with the fiscal accounting calendar of the Loan Parties. 
 Fiscal Year means any period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Months ending on the Saturday closest to the end of January 31 of any calendar year. 
 Floor means a per annum rate of interest equal to zero percent (0 ). 
 Foreign Bank Guarantee means any bank guarantee collateralized by cash and securities and directly relating to foreign lease obligations. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 
 Foreign Sub-Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 Gift Card Accounts means Accounts, receivables and or other payment intangibles owing to a Loan Party from a Gift Card Administrator pursuant to a Gift Card Agreement. 
 Gift Card Administrator means any Person (other than a Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof) who offers, sells, administers and or distributes gift cards of one or more of the Loan Parties. 
 Gift Card Agreement means a gift card agreement between a Loan Party and a Gift Card Administrator. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or 

administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guarantor means (a) the Parent, (b) each Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrowers and any Excluded Subsidiary) existing on the Closing Date, and (c) each other Subsidiary of the Parent (other than the Borrowers and any Excluded Subsidiary) that shall be required to execute and deliver a Facility Guaranty pursuant to Section 6.12 . 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 IBA has the meaning specified in Section 1.09 . 
 IFRS means the International Financial Reporting Standards set by the International Accounting Standards Board (or the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or the SEC, as the case may be) or any successor thereto, as in effect from time to time. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means (x) as of the Closing Date, the Subsidiaries set forth on Schedule 1.03 hereto, and (y) with respect to any Subsidiary formed or acquired after the Closing Date, any such Subsidiary of the Lead Borrower that (i) had less than 5 of consolidated assets and 5 of annual consolidated revenues of the Parent, the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries as reflected on the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 prior to such date and (ii) has been designated as such by the Parent in a written notice delivered to the Agent (other than any such Subsidiary as to which the Parent has revoked such designation by written notice to the Agent) provided that no Subsidiary with property included in the Borrowing Base or related to property included in the Borrowing Base may be designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary (and any such Subsidiary with any assets of the type 

included in the Borrowing Base shall segregate such assets from the assets of the Loan Parties), and provided further that at no time shall all Immaterial Subsidiaries so designated by the Parent have in the aggregate consolidated assets or annual consolidated revenues (as reflected on the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 prior to such time) in excess of 5 of consolidated assets or annual consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Parent, the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries. 
 Increase Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.15(d) . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments 
 (b) the maximum amount of all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments 
 (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract 
 (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and, in each case, not past due for more than 90 days after the date on which such trade account payable was created or such later date as agreed by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion based on current industry practices, and including, without limitation, payables in respect of supply chain finance services and payables to supply chain finance entities) 
 (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (f) All Indebtedness of such Person (i) in respect of any Capital Lease Obligations of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, but for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any obligations of such Person in respect of operating leases and non-finance leases and (ii) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligations, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease, agreement or instrument were accounted for as a capital lease but excluding any obligations of such Person in respect of operating leases and non-finance leases 
 (g) all mandatory obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in cash in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person (including, without limitation, Disqualified Stock, or any warrant, right or option to acquire such Equity Interest, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends and 

(h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lead Borrower under any Permitted Warrant Transaction shall not constitute Indebtedness so long as the terms of such Permitted Warrant Transaction provide for net share settlement (or substantially equivalent term) as the default settlement method (or substantially equivalent term) thereunder. For purposes hereof, the amount of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall be the aggregate stated principal amount thereof without giving effect to any obligation to pay cash or deliver shares with value in excess of such principal amount, and without giving effect to any integration thereof with any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction pursuant to U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.1275-6. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any Obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Intellectual Property means all present and future trade secrets, know-how and other proprietary information trademarks, trademark applications, internet domain names, service marks, trade dress, trade names, business names, designs, logos, slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) indicia and other source and or business identifiers, and all registrations or applications for registrations which have heretofore been or may hereafter be issued thereon throughout the world copyrights and copyright applications (including copyrights for computer programs) and all tangible and intangible property embodying the copyrights, unpatented inventions (whether or not patentable) patents and patent applications industrial design applications and registered industrial designs license agreements related to any of the foregoing and income therefrom books, customer lists, records, writings, computer tapes or disks, flow diagrams, specification sheets, computer software, source codes, object codes, executable code, data, databases and other physical manifestations, embodiments or incorporations of any of the foregoing all other intellectual property and all common law and other rights throughout the world in and to all of the foregoing. 
 Intercreditor Agreement means (i) the Intercreditor Agreement dated as of July 2, 2020 by and among the Agent and the Notes Collateral Agent, as it may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof or (ii) any other intercreditor agreement among the Agent and any agent or trustee with respect to the Notes Facility or any Permitted Refinancing thereof, as it may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 
 Intercreditor Provisions has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(m) . 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the 

beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the first day after the end of each month and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means, (x) as to each LIBOR Rate any SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Lead Borrower in its LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice , and (y) as to any Loan made when SOFR Average is then the Benchmark Replacement, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or continued as a Loan bearing interest based on SOFR Average, and ending on the date 30 days thereafter provided that 
 (i) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon Adjusted Term SOFR, from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires 
 (ii) (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day 
 (iii) (ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such that is one, three or six months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable 
 (iv) (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date and 
 (iv) notwithstanding the provisions of clause (iii) above, no Interest Period shall have a duration of less than one (1) month, and if any Interest Period applicable to a LIBOR Borrowing would be for a shorter period, such Interest Period shall not be available hereunder. 
 (v) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 3.03(b)( iv) shall be available for specification in any SOFR Loan Notice or conversion or continuation notice. 
 For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 In-Transit Inventory means Inventory of a Loan Party which is in the possession of a common carrier and is in transit from a foreign vendor of a Loan Party from a location outside of the continental United States to a location of a Loan Party that is within the continental United States. 
 Inventory has the meaning given that term in the UCC, and shall also include, without limitation, all (a) goods which (i) are leased by a Person as lessor, (ii) are held by a Person for sale or lease or to be furnished under a contract of service, (iii) are furnished by a Person under a contract of service, or (iv) consist of raw materials, work in process, or materials used or consumed in a business (b) goods of said description in transit (c) goods of said description which are returned, repossessed or rejected and (d) packaging, advertising, and shipping materials related to any of the foregoing. 
 Inventory Advance Rate means (i) during the period from January 1 through March 31 of each year, 92.5 (solely with respect to Eligible Inventory located in the United States (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Eligible In-Transit Inventory)), and (ii) at all other times, 90 . 

Inventory Reserves means, without duplication of any other Reserve, such reserves as may be established from time to time by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination of the saleability, at retail, of the Eligible Inventory, which reflect such other factors as affect the market value of the Eligible Inventory or which reflect claims and liabilities that the Agent determines will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon the Inventory. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Inventory Reserves may, in the Agent s Permitted Discretion, include (but are not limited to) reserves based on 
 (a) Obsolescence 
 (b) Seasonality 
 (c) Shrink 
 (d) Imbalance 
 (e) Change in Inventory character 
 (f) Change in Inventory composition 
 (g) Change in Inventory mix 
 (h) Markdowns (both permanent and point of sale) 
 (i) Retail markons and markups inconsistent with prior period practice and performance, industry standards, current business plans or advertising calendar and planned advertising events and 
 (j) Out-of-date and or expired Inventory. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt or other obligation of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person, or (c) any Acquisition, or (d) the purchase, acquisition or any other investment of money or in any stocks, bonds, mutual funds, notes, debentures or other securities, or any deposit account, certificate of deposit or other investment of any kind. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. For purposes hereof, the amount of any Investment at any time shall be the amount actually invested (measured at the time made), without adjustment for subsequent changes in the value of such Investment. 
 Investment Policy means the investment policies for global cash management and the rabbi trust of the Parent as approved by the Parent s board of directors and in effect from time to time. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 

ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 (International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590) and any version or revision thereof accepted by the L C Issuer for use. 
 Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter Credit Application, the Standby Letter of Credit Agreement or Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement, as applicable, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L C Issuer and any Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 
 Joinder means an agreement, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Agent pursuant to which, among other things, a Person becomes a party to, and bound by the terms of, this Agreement and or the other Loan Documents in the same capacity and to the same extent as either a Borrower or a Guarantor, as the Agent may determine. 
 Landlord Lien State means such state(s) in which a landlord s claim for rent has priority over the Lien of the Agent in any of the Collateral. 
 Laws means each international, foreign, Federal, state and local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code and administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and each applicable administrative order, directed duty, request, license, authorization and permit of, and agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 L C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof, or the renewal thereof. 
 L C Issuer means, collectively, (a) Wells Fargo, Citizens Business Capital and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and their respective Affiliates in their capacities as issuers of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and (b) any other Lender who agrees to act as L C Issuer and is acceptable to the Lead Borrower and approved by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. The L C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the L C Issuer and or for such Affiliate to act as an advising, transferring, confirming and or nominated bank in connection with the issuance or administration of any such Letter of Credit, in which case the term L C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 L C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. For purposes of computing the amounts available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination, a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of any Rule under the ISP or any article of the UCP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
 Lead Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble of this Agreement. 
 Lease means any agreement, whether written or oral, no matter how styled or structured, pursuant to which a Loan Party is entitled to the use or occupancy of any space in a structure, land, improvements or premises for any period of time. 

Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context requires, includes the Swing Line Lender. 
 Lender Counterparty means the Agent, each Lender, and each of their respective Affiliates counterparty to an agreement governing Bank Products or Cash Management Services (including any Person who is a Lender (and any Affiliate thereof) as of the Closing Date but subsequently, whether before or after entering into such agreement governing Bank Products or Cash Management Services, ceases to be a Lender). 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Agent. 
 Letter of Credit means each Standby Letter of Credit and each Commercial Letter of Credit issued hereunder. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L C Issuer. 
 Letter of Credit Disbursement means a payment made by the L C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is seven days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(l) . 
 Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f) . 
 Letter of Credit Related Person has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f) . 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to 50,000,000. As of the Closing Date, (i) Wells Fargo has agreed to issue up to an amount equal to 30,000,000, (ii) Citizens Business Capital has agreed to issue up to an amount equal to 10,000,000, and (iii) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has agreed to issue up to an amount equal to 10,000,000, in each case, in Letters of Credit under the Letter of Credit Sublimit provided that (x) subject in any event to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, any L C Issuer may agree with the Lead Borrower to increase its individual allocation of such sublimit (which, automatically upon such agreement and increase, will cause an equal and ratable decrease in each other L C Issuer s allocation such that the Letter of Credit Sublimit remains unchanged) and (y) the Letter of Credit Sublimit may be increased from time to time upon agreement between the Agent and the Lead Borrower, so long as any such increase has been appropriately committed to by a Lender (that is or shall be a L C Issuer), on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Agent. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. A permanent reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall not require a corresponding pro rata reduction in the Letter of Credit Sublimit provided , however , that if the Aggregate Commitments are reduced to an amount less than the Letter of Credit Sublimit, then the Letter of Credit Sublimit shall be reduced to an amount equal to (or, at Lead Borrower s option, less than) the Aggregate Commitments. 
 LIBOR Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of LIBOR Rate Loans. 
 LIBOR Rate means for any Interest Period with respect to a LIBOR Rate Loan , the rate per annum as published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited or any successor page or other commercially available source as the Agent may designate from time to time) as of 11 00 a.m., London time, two 

Business Days prior to the commencement of the requested Interest Period, for a term, and in an amount, comparable to the Interest Period and the amount of the LIBOR Rate Loan requested (whether as an initial LIBOR Rate Loan or as a continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan or as a conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan) by Borrowers in accordance with this Agreement (and, if any such published rate is below zero, then the LIBOR Rate shall be deemed to be zero). Each determination of the LIBOR Rate shall be made by the Agent and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 LIBOR Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the LIBOR Rate. 
 LIBOR Rate Loan Notice means a notice for a LIBOR Borrowing or continuation pursuant to Section 2.02(b), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A . 
 Lien means (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale, Capital Lease Obligation, Synthetic Lease Obligation, or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) provided that in no event shall an operating lease , non-finance lease or an agreement to sell be deemed to constitute a Lien, and (b) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. 
 Liquidation means the exercise by the Agent of those rights and remedies accorded to the Agent under the Loan Documents and applicable Law as a creditor of the Loan Parties with respect to the realization on the Collateral, including (after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default) the conduct by the Loan Parties acting with the consent of the Agent, of any public, private or going out of business , store closing , or other similarly themed sale or other disposition of the Collateral for the purpose of liquidating the Collateral. Derivations of the word Liquidation (such as Liquidate are used with like meaning in this Agreement. 
 Liquidity means the sum of (a) Availability plus (b) Unrestricted Cash of the Loan Parties and Unrestricted Cash of Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties that is available to be distributed to the Loan Parties. 
 Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to the Borrowers under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
 Loan Account has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(a) . 
 Loan Cap means, at any time of determination, the lesser of (a) the Aggregate Commitments or (b) the Borrowing Base. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, the Engagement Letter, all Borrowing Base Certificates, the Blocked Account Agreements, Credit Card Notifications, the Security Documents, the Facility Guaranty, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Confirmation and Ratification to Ancillary Loan Documents (the Confirmation Agreement ), and any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed and delivered in connection herewith (excluding any agreement entered into or in connection with any transaction arising out of any Cash Management Services and Bank Products), each as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrowers and each Guarantor. 

London Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, England. 
 Margin Stock is as defined in Regulation U of the FRB as in effect from time to time. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect on, the results of operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent), or financial condition of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole (other than as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic during the period from the Closing Date through January 29, 2022 (provided that this exception shall not apply to the extent that it is materially disproportionately adverse to the Loan Parties taken as a whole, as compared to other companies in the same industry that the Loan Parties operate) (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Agent under any Loan Document, or of the ability of the Loan Parties to perform their respective obligations under any Loan Document or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Loan Parties of any Loan Document. In determining whether any individual event would result in a Material Adverse Effect, notwithstanding that such event in and of itself does not have such effect, a Material Adverse Effect shall be deemed to have occurred if the cumulative effect of such event and all other then existing events would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, each contract to which such Person is a party material to the financial condition, operations or properties of such Person, the termination of which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties have no Material Contracts. 
 Material Indebtedness means the Notes Facility and other Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Loan Parties in an amount exceeding 25,000,000. For purposes of determining the amount of Material Indebtedness at any time, the amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Contract at such time shall be calculated at the Swap Termination Value thereof. 
 Maturity Date means April 29, 2026. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . 
 Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed twelve months. 
 MIRE Event means (a) a Commitment Increase, (b) any other increase in the amount of any Lender s Commitment or (c) a renewal or extension of the Maturity Date. 
 MNPI means, with respect to any Person, material non-public information (within the meaning of the United States Federal securities Laws and applicable state securities Laws) with respect to such Person. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Mortgages means the collective reference to each mortgage, deed of trust or other real property security document, encumbering any Real Estate hereafter owned by any Loan Party, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and executed by such Loan Party in favor of the Agent, for the ratable benefit of the secured parties referred to therein, as any such document may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Mortgage Policy has the meaning specified in the definition of Real Estate Eligibility Requirements. 

Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Lead Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Net Proceeds means, with respect to any Disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, the excess, if any, of (i) the sum of cash and cash equivalents received in connection with such transaction (including any cash or cash equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received) net of (ii) the sum of (A) amounts required to be applied to the repayment of principal, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness that is secured by the applicable asset by a Lien permitted hereunder which is senior to the Agent s Lien on such asset and that is required to be repaid (or to establish an escrow for the future repayment thereof) in connection with such transaction (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents) and (B) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary in connection with such transaction (including, without limitation, relocation expenses, appraisals, taxes paid or payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements related thereto), brokerage, legal, title and recording or transfer Tax expenses and commissions) paid by any Loan Party to third parties (other than Affiliates) and any amounts to be provided by such Loan Party as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated with the Disposition and retained by the Loan Party after such sale or other disposition thereof or such event, including, without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction). 
 Net Unrestricted Foreign Cash means the foreign unencumbered cash and cash equivalents of the Loan Parties and the foreign unencumbered cash and cash equivalents of Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties that is available to be distributed to the Loan Parties. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.01 . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Lender evidencing Committed Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C , as it may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 Notes Collateral Agent means U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as trustee, registrar, paying agent and notes collateral agent under the Notes Facility, and any successor thereto. 
 Notes Documents means, collectively, that certain Indenture dated as of July 2, 2020 among the Lead Borrower, as the company, the Parent, the other Loan Parties party thereto, and the Notes Collateral Agent, the Notes issued thereunder and as defined therein, and all other documents, agreements and instruments executed and delivered in connection therewith, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof. 
 Notes Facility means the senior secured notes facility in the initial principal amount of 350,000,000 evidenced by the Notes Documents. 
 NPL means the National Priorities List under CERCLA. 
 Obligations means (a) all advances to, and debts (including principal, interest, fees, costs, and expenses), liabilities, obligations, covenants, indemnities, and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit (including payments in respect 

of reimbursement of disbursements, interest thereon and obligations to provide cash collateral therefor), whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees, costs, expenses and indemnities that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees, costs, expenses and indemnities are allowed claims in such proceeding, and (b) any Other Liabilities provided that (i) the Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations (ii) Other Liabilities shall be secured and guaranteed pursuant to the Security Documents only to the extent that, and for so long as, the other Obligations are so secured and guaranteed and (iii) the termination of this Agreement and any release of Collateral or Guarantors permitted or required by this Agreement shall not require the consent of any holder of Other Liabilities in its capacity as such or any repayment of such Other Liabilities as a condition thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, any obligation under any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or any Permitted Warrant Transaction shall not constitute Obligations. 
 OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity, and (d) in each case, all shareholder or other equity holder agreements, voting trusts and similar arrangements to which such Person is a party or which is applicable to its Equity Interests and all other arrangements relating to the Control or management of such Person. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its Obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a Lien or security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any such Obligation or any Loan Document). 
 Other Liabilities means any obligation on account of (i) any Cash Management Services furnished to any of the Loan Parties or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent and or (ii) any transaction with the Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, which arises out of any Bank Product entered into with any Loan Party or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Parent and any such Person, as each may be amended from time to time. 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp or documentary Taxes or any other excise or property Taxes, charges or similar levies that arise from any payment made for or on account an Obligation under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or from the execution, delivery, or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). 

Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date and (ii) with respect to any L C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L C Obligations as of such date. 
 Overadvance means a Credit Extension to the extent that, immediately after its having been made, Availability is less than zero. 
 Parent means Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . 
 Patriot Act means the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended. 
 Payment Conditions means, at the time of determination with respect to any specified transaction or payment, that either (1) (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making of such payment, (b) the Borrowers have demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent that Availability, immediately following such specified transaction or payment and as projected on a pro-forma basis for the twelve (12) months following and after giving effect to such specified transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than the greater of (i) 15.0 of the Loan Cap, and (ii) 50,000,000, and (c) after giving pro forma effect to such specified transaction or payment, the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently completed Measurement Period is equal to or greater than 1.00 1.00, (2) (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making of such payment, and (b) the Borrowers have demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent that Availability, immediately following such specified transaction or payment and as projected on a pro-forma basis for the twelve (12) months following and after giving effect to such specified transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than the greater of (i) 20 of the Loan Cap, and (ii) 60,000,000, or (3) (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of entering into such transaction or the making of such payment, and (b) the Borrowers have demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent that Availability, immediately following such specified transaction or payment, will be equal to or greater than the greater of (i) 35 of the Loan Cap, and (ii) 100,000,000. Prior to undertaking any transaction or payment which is subject to the Payment Conditions, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Agent (i) an updated Borrowing Base Certificate giving effect to the payment or transaction and evidence of satisfaction of the conditions above on a basis (including, without limitation, giving due consideration to results for prior periods) reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning provided therefor in Section 10.28. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 PCAOB means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Lead Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Lead Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan 

described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 
 Permitted Acquisition means an Acquisition in which all of the following conditions are satisfied 
 (a) Such Acquisition shall have been approved by the Board of Directors of the Person (or similar governing body if such Person is not a corporation) which is the subject of such Acquisition and such Person shall not have announced that it will oppose such Acquisition or shall not have commenced any action which alleges that such Acquisition shall violate applicable Law 
 (b) The Lead Borrower shall have furnished the Agent with fifteen (15) days prior written notice (or such shorter notice as the Agent may agree) of such intended Acquisition and, with respect to any such Acquisition in which clause (f) below applies, shall have furnished the Agent with a current draft of the acquisition documents (and final copies thereof as and when executed) and, if applicable, a copy of any due diligence (or summary thereof) undertaken by the Loan Parties in connection with such Acquisition 
 (c) If any Acquisition, the consideration for which is greater than 50,000,000, is of Equity Interests of a Person, and if proceeds of the Loans are used to pay all or a portion of the consideration for such Acquisition, the legal structure of the Acquisition shall be acceptable to the Agent in its reasonable discretion 
 (d) After giving effect to the Acquisition, if the Acquisition is an Acquisition of Equity Interests, a Loan Party shall acquire and own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the Equity Interests in the Person being acquired and shall Control a majority of any voting interests or shall otherwise Control the governance of the Person being acquired 
 (e) Any assets acquired shall be utilized in, and if the Acquisition involves a merger, consolidation or Acquisition of Equity Interests, the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition shall be engaged in, a business otherwise permitted to be engaged in by a Borrower under this Agreement 
 (f) If the Person which is the subject of such Acquisition will be maintained as a Subsidiary of a Loan Party, or if the assets acquired in an acquisition will be transferred to a Subsidiary which is not then a Loan Party, such Subsidiary (unless such Subsidiary is a CFC, in which case such Subsidiary will not be required to be joined as a Borrower or Guarantor) shall have been joined as a Borrower hereunder or as a Guarantor, as the Agent shall determine, and the Agent shall have received a security interest in such Subsidiary s Equity Interests, Inventory, Accounts and other property of the same nature as constitutes Collateral under the Security Documents, (subject only to Permitted Encumbrances having priority by operation of law) and 
 (g) The Loan Parties shall have satisfied the Payment Conditions before and immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition. 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any bond hedge, call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Parent s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of the Parent) purchased by the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and settled in common stock of the Parent (or such other securities or property), cash or a 

combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of the Parent s common stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of the Parent provided that the purchase of any such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction is made with, and the purchase price thereof less the proceeds received from the Parent from the sale of any substantially concurrently executed Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed, the net proceeds received by the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness provided, further, that the other terms, conditions and covenants of each such transaction shall be such as are customary for transactions of such type (as determined by the Parent in good faith). 
 
 Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means (a) unsecured Indebtedness of the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof that (i) as of the date of issuance thereof contains customary conversion or exchange rights and customary offer to repurchase rights for transactions of such type (in each case, as determined by the Parent in good faith) and (ii) is convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock of the Parent (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of the Parent), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of the Parent common stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of the Parent and (b) any guarantee by the Lead Borrower or any Guarantor of Indebtedness of the Parent or a Subsidiary thereof described in clause (a). 
 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made by the Agent in the exercise of its reasonable credit judgment, exercised in good faith in accordance with customary business practices for comparable asset-based lending transactions in the retail industry. 
 Permitted Disposition means any of the following 
 (a) Dispositions of Inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) bulk sales or other Dispositions of Inventory (i) in connection with Store closings as set forth on Schedule 7.05 hereto, (ii) otherwise not in the ordinary course of business in connection with Store closings, at arm s length, provided, that such Store closures and related Inventory Dispositions under this clause (ii) shall not exceed (x) in any Fiscal Year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, sixty (60) Stores (net of new Store openings), or such greater number of Stores as agreed by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion, and (y) in the aggregate from and after the Closing Date, one hundred and fifty (150) Stores in existence as of the Closing Date (net of new Store openings), or such greater number of Stores as agreed by the Agent in its Permitted Discretion, or (iii) otherwise not in the ordinary course of business in connection with the closing of Stores located outside of the United States, at arm s length, provided, that such Store closings under this clause (iii) are operated (and related Inventory Dispositions are made) by non-Loan Party Foreign Subsidiaries, provided, that all sales of Inventory in connection with Store closings shall be undertaken in accordance with past practices 
 (c) licenses of Intellectual Property of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business provided, that no such licensing shall adversely affect in any material respect the fair value of any Eligible Inventory or the ability of the Agent to dispose of or otherwise realize upon any Eligible Inventory after an Event of Default 
 (d) licenses for the conduct of licensed departments in the ordinary course of business provided that , with respect to the Loan Parties Stores and if requested by the Agent, 

the Agent shall have entered into an intercreditor agreement with the Person operating such licensed department on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
 (e) (i) Dispositions of Equipment in the ordinary course of business that is worn, damaged, obsolete or, in the judgment of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, no longer useful, used, useable or necessary in its business or that of any Subsidiary and is not replaced with similar property having at least equivalent value and (ii) other Dispositions of Equipment having a fair market value not to exceed 10,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year 
 (f) sales, transfers and Dispositions among the Loan Parties or by any Subsidiary to a Loan Party 
 (g) sales, transfers and Dispositions (i) by any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or (ii) by any Loan Party to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party that constitute a Permitted Investment 
 (h) as long as (i) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom and (ii) no Overadvance would exist or would result therefrom, sales of Real Estate of any Loan Party (or sales of any Person or Persons created to hold such Real Estate or the Equity Interests in such Person or Persons), including sale-leaseback transactions involving any such Real Estate pursuant to leases on market terms, as long as, (A) with respect to any Eligible Real Estate, the (x) Net Proceeds received in cash are in an amount not less than 60 of the Appraised Value of Eligible Real Estate and (y) such Eligible Real Estate shall be removed from the Borrowing Base and the Lead Borrower shall deliver an updated Borrowing Base Certificate giving pro forma effect thereto, (B) the proceeds of such sale are utilized to repay the Obligations, and (C) in the case of any sale-leaseback transaction permitted hereunder, the Agent shall have received from each such purchaser or transferee a Collateral Access Agreement on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
 (i) any grant of any non-exclusive license or sublicense of patents, trademarks, know-how or any other Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice 
 (j) any Disposition of cash equivalents, stocks, bonds, mutual funds, notes, debentures or other securities in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) any Disposition of the Equity Interests of any joint venture to the extent required by the terms of customary buy-sell type arrangements entered into in connection with the formation of such joint venture 
 (l) any Disposition of Equity Interests in an Unrestricted Subsidiary 
 (m) the lease, assignment or sublease of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) any surrender, expiration or waiver of contract rights or the settlement, release, recovery on or surrender of contract, tort or other claims of any kind and 
 (o) other Dispositions of assets (other than of the type included in the Borrowing Base) of Parent and its Subsidiaries not otherwise subject to the provisions set forth in this 

definition, provided , that , at the time of any such Disposition, the Payment Conditions are satisfied 
 provided if any such Disposition in respect of Intellectual Property (or the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary that owns Intellectual Property) would be reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect the ability of the Agent to dispose of or otherwise realize upon the Collateral after an Event of Default, the purchaser, assignee or other transferee thereof shall agree in writing to be bound by a non-exclusive royalty-free worldwide license of such Intellectual Property in favor of the Agent for use in connection with the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Credit Parties, which license shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent provided, however , that the foregoing shall not apply to any sale, transfer or Disposition (i) made in accordance with any of clauses (c), (d), (f), (g)(i), (i) or (k) of this definition or (ii) otherwise approved by the Agent in writing. 
 Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by applicable Law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.04 
 (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA 
 (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default hereunder 
 (f) easements, covenants, conditions, restrictions, building code laws, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party and such other minor title defects or survey matters that are disclosed by current surveys that, in each case, do not materially interfere with the current use of the real property 
 (g) Liens existing on the Closing Date and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any Permitted Refinancings thereof 
 (h) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired by any Loan Party which are permitted under clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness so long as (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within one hundred and eighty (180) days after such acquisition, (ii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the 

cost of acquisition of such fixed or capital assets and (iii) such Liens shall not extend to any other property or assets of the Loan Parties 
 (i) Liens in favor of the Agent 
 (j) statutory Liens of landlords and lessors in respect of rent not past due more than 15 days unless being contested in good faith pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.04 hereof, and customary restrictions on subletting and assignments thereof 
 (k) possessory Liens in favor of brokers and dealers arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of Investments owned as of the Closing Date and Permitted Investments, provided that such liens (a) attach only to such Investments and (b) secure only obligations incurred in the ordinary course and arising in connection with the acquisition or disposition of such Investments and not any obligation in connection with margin financing 
 (l) Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provisions relating to banker s liens, liens in favor of securities intermediaries, rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or securities accounts or other funds maintained with depository institutions or securities intermediaries 
 (m) Liens arising from precautionary UCC filings regarding true operating leases or, to the extent permitted under the Loan Documents, the consignment of goods to a Loan Party 
 (n) voluntary Liens on property (other than property of the type included in the Borrowing Base) in existence at the time such property is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or on such property of a Subsidiary of a Loan Party in existence at the time such Subsidiary is acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition provided , that such Liens are not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any other assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary 
 (o) Liens in favor of customs and revenues authorities imposed by applicable Law arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the importation of goods solely to the extent the following conditions are satisfied (A) such Liens secure obligations that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation 
 (p) so long as the same is subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, Liens on Collateral securing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (q) Liens on assets of Foreign Subsidiaries arising by operation of law (or created as a matter of mandatory law) or pursuant to customary business practice and that do not materially affect the value of such assets 

(r) Liens on cash, cash equivalents, deposits and similar items customary to an applicable jurisdiction and incurred in connection with Foreign Bank Guarantees permitted by clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness 
 (s) Liens granted by a Foreign Subsidiary on assets securing Indebtedness permitted by clause (o) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, except to the extent that a Foreign Sub-Facility is then in effect under this Agreement with respect to a Foreign Subsidiary, in which case such Foreign Subsidiary may only grant Liens to secure its Obligations under the Loan Documents 
 (t) posted margin by Foreign Subsidiaries to the extent required by applicable governmental regulations or clearinghouse requirements to be used to secure Swap Contracts 
 (u) additional non-consensual Liens not otherwise permitted by this definition in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 outstanding at any time 
 (v) leases and subleases of real property (other than Eligible Real Estate included in the Borrowing Base unless approved in writing by the Agent) which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of a Loan Party 
 (w) Liens in favor of any Loan Party 
 (x) Pledges and deposits and other Liens made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers 
 (y) Liens on the Equity Interests of Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 (z) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to any Equity Interest of any joint venture or similar arrangement securing obligations of such joint venture or pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement 
 (aa) rights of setoff or similar rights and remedies of Credit Card Issuers or Credit Card Processors pursuant to agreements therewith 
 (bb) Liens disclosed by the title insurance policies delivered pursuant to this Agreement and any replacement, extension or renewal of any such Lien provided that such replacement, extension or renewal Lien shall not cover any property other than the property that was subject to such Lien prior to such replacement, extension or renewal provided, further, that the Indebtedness and other obligations secured by such replacement, extension or renewal Lien are permitted under this Agreement 
 (cc) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers, suppliers or service providers of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (dd) in the case of real property that constitutes a leasehold interest, any Lien to which the fee simple interest (or any superior leasehold interest) is subject 
 (ee) agreements to subordinate any interest of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary in any accounts receivable or other prices arising from inventory consigned by the 

Parent or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business and 
 (ff) Liens securing insurance premium financing arrangements provided that such Liens are limited to the applicable unearned insurance premiums. 
 Permitted Indebtedness means each of the following 
 (a) Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date and, in the case of any such Indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of 1,000,000, listed on Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancing of the foregoing 
 (b) Indebtedness (i) resulting from any loan, advance or guarantee by a Loan Party to or in favor of another Loan Party, (ii) resulting from any loan or advance by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party, (iii) resulting from any loan or advance by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (iv) resulting from any loan, advance or guarantee by any Loan Party to or in favor of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party provided that any such loan, advance or guarantee made pursuant to this clause (iv) is permitted by clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Investments and (v) consisting of Guarantees by the Parent of Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries permitted hereunder (including, without limitation, obligations under Swap Contracts and credit card and related obligations) 
 (c) purchase money Indebtedness of any Loan Party to finance the acquisition of any personal property (other than Inventory, it being understood that properly perfected consignment arrangements shall not be deemed violative of this clause) consisting solely of fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations, and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and Permitted Refinancings thereof, provided , however , that if reasonably requested by the Agent, the Loan Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the holders of such Indebtedness to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
 (d) obligations (contingent or otherwise) of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof existing or arising under any Swap Contract entered into in the ordinary course of business and for bona fide business (and not speculative purposes) purposes of (i) fixing or hedging interest rate risk with respect to any Indebtedness that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement to be outstanding, (ii) fixing or hedging currency exchange rate risk with respect to any currency exchanges or (iii) of fixing or hedging commodity price risk with respect to any commodity purchases or sales 
 (e) reserved 
 (f) contingent liabilities under performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds, completion guaranties or other similar instruments incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry practice 
 (g) as long as (i) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom and (ii) no Overadvance would exist or would result therefrom, Indebtedness incurred for the construction or acquisition or improvement of, or to finance or to refinance, 

any Real Estate owned by any Loan Party (including therein any Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale-leaseback transactions permitted hereunder and any Synthetic Lease Obligations), provided that, (A) with respect to any Eligible Real Estate, (x) the Net Proceeds received in cash are in an amount not less than 60 of the Appraised Value of Eligible Real Estate and (y) such Eligible Real Estate shall be removed from the Borrowing Base and the Lead Borrower shall deliver an updated Borrowing Base Certificate giving pro forma effect thereto, (B) all Net Proceeds received in connection with any such Indebtedness are applied to the Obligations, and (C) the Loan Parties shall cause the holders of such Indebtedness and the lessors under any sale-leaseback transaction to enter into a Collateral Access Agreement on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
 (h) Indebtedness with respect to the deferred purchase price for any Permitted Acquisition, provided that such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the Agent 
 (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would arise therefrom, liabilities or obligations of any Borrower to any other Borrower or to any Affiliate of any Borrower, and any liability or obligation of any Affiliate of any Borrower to any Borrower or to any other Affiliate of any Borrower, to reimburse or share the costs of any services or third party expenses in accordance with the terms of any intercompany cost sharing agreement or arrangement, in an amount not to exceed 35,000,000 in any Fiscal Year provided that , if the amount of Indebtedness incurred under this clause (i) does not equal 35,000,000 in any Fiscal Year, fifty (50 of the difference between 35,000,000 and the actual amount incurred in such Fiscal Year may be carried over to and incurred in the next Fiscal Year (but not in any subsequent Fiscal Year) 
 (j) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Closing Date, which Indebtedness is existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary (other than Indebtedness incurred solely in contemplation of such Person s becoming a Subsidiary) 
 (k) the Obligations 
 (l) (i) Indebtedness in respect of the Notes Facility in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the sum of (A) 350,000,000, and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness permitted under clause (i) provided that the Indebtedness described in this clause (l) shall at all times thereof shall be subject to the Intercreditor Agreement or an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and duly executed by the Notes Collateral Agent 
 (m) to the extent ever determined to constitute Indebtedness, unsecured Indebtedness consisting of supply chain finance services, including, without limitation, trade payable services and supplier accounts receivable purchases 
 (n) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries incurred in connection with Foreign Bank Guarantees provided that such Indebtedness does not exceed 50,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (o) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed 100,000,000 at any time outstanding, such amount to be reduced by the amount of any Foreign Sub-Facility in effect under this Agreement from time to time 

(p) unsecured Indebtedness, if any, owed to landlords and constituting store lease buyout payments or other related payments related to store closures contemplated by this Agreement in an amount not to exceed 75,000,000 in the aggregate as evidenced by promissory notes or other agreements, the form of which are in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (whose approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) 
 (q) Unsecured Indebtedness not otherwise specifically described herein with a maturity date and an average life to maturity that is at least six (6) months following the Maturity Date, that does not require amortization or prepayments prior to the Maturity Date 
 (r) Indebtedness constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit and bank guarantees issued in the ordinary course of business, including without limitation letters of credit in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other benefits to employees or former employees or their families or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance, and letters of credit in connection with the maintenance of, or pursuant to the requirements of, environmental law or permits or licenses from governmental authorities, or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement type obligations regarding workers compensation claims 
 (s) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business provided that such Indebtedness is extinguished within five Business Days of its incurrence 
 (t) Indebtedness of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary consisting of (A) the financing of insurance premiums or (B) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business 
 (u) Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness of the Parent or a Restricted Subsidiary to current or former officers, directors and employees thereof or any direct or indirect parent thereof, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses, in each case to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Parent or any direct or indirect parent of the Parent, in each case to the extent permitted under Section 7.06 
 (v) Indebtedness in respect of obligations of the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary to pay the deferred purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with such goods and services provided that such obligations are incurred in connection with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade terms in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money or any Swap Obligation and 
 (w) Indebtedness of the Parent that is equity-linked and not guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Parent in an amount not to exceed 150,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 Permitted Investments means each of the following as long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would arise from the making of such Investment 
 (a) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof (including, without limitation, the Government National Mortgage Association, the Federal Home Loan 

Bank, the Federal Farm Credit Bank, the Federal National Mortgage Association, and the Student Loan Marketing Association) having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof provided that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof 
 (b) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America and rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S&P, in each case with maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (c) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least 1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (d) corporate debt instruments (including Rule 144A debt securities) which are denominated and payable in U.S. dollars and are issued by companies which carry a rating of A1 A+ or better, or in the case of commercial paper are rated A2 P2 or better 
 (e) asset-backed securities of auto and credit card receivables issuers carrying an S&P rating of AAA or better 
 (f) auction preferred stock and auction rate certificates that, (i) at the date of purchase are (or were at the date of purchase) rated at least AA by S&P (or the equivalent) and (ii) at the date of purchase have (or had at the date of purchase) not more than 180 days until the next auction 
 (g) short-term tax exempt debt obligations of any Governmental Authority consisting of municipal notes, commercial paper, auction rate notes and floating rate notes rated A1 P1 by S&P and Moody s, municipal notes rated SP1 MIG-1 or better and bonds rated AA or better 
 (h) in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, obligations and securities of any foreign Governmental Authority or financial institution meeting substantially similar criteria as set forth above 
 (i) Fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than thirty (30) days for securities described in clause (a) above (without regard to the limitation on maturity contained in such clause) and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above or with any primary dealer and having a market value at the time that such repurchase agreement is entered into of not less than 100 of the repurchase obligation of such counterparty entity with whom such repurchase agreement has been entered into 

(j) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Loan Parties, in any money market fund, mutual fund, or other investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which are administered by financial institutions that are rated at least AA Aa by S&P and Moody s 
 (k) Investments existing on the Closing Date, and set forth on Schedule 7.02 , and any replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof, but not any increase in the amount thereof 
 (l) (i) Investments by any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries in their respective Subsidiaries outstanding on the Closing Date (and any replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof, but not any increase in the amount thereof), (ii) additional Investments by any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries in Loan Parties (other than the Parent), (iii) additional Investments by Subsidiaries of the Loan Parties that are not Loan Parties in other Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and (iv) so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied at the time of such Investment, additional Investments by the Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties 
 (m) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss 
 (n) Guarantees constituting Permitted Indebtedness 
 (o) Investments by any Loan Party in Swap Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business and for bona fide business (and not speculative purposes) purposes of (i) fixing or hedging interest rate risk with respect to any Indebtedness that is permitted by the terms of this Agreement to be outstanding (ii) for the purpose of fixing or hedging currency exchange rate risk with respect to any currency exchanges or (iii) for the purpose of fixing or hedging commodity price risk with respect to any commodity purchases or sales 
 (p) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (q) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Loan Parties and Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes 
 (r) Investments (i) constituting Permitted Acquisitions or (ii) acquired as a result of a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition 
 (s) Capital contributions made by any Loan Party to another Loan Party 
 (t) Investments made pursuant to the Investment Policy 

(u) Investments the sole payment for which is Equity Interests of the Parent that are otherwise permitted to be issued under the terms hereof and do not constitute Indebtedness 
 (v) Investments by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in the form of Equity Interests received as consideration for the sale of assets pursuant to a Permitted Disposition otherwise permitted by this Agreement 
 (w) any indemnity, purchase price adjustment, earnout or similar obligation payable to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries arising pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or a Permitted Disposition to the extent permitted by this Agreement and 
 (x) Investments consisting of purchases of non-exclusive licenses or leases of Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice 
 (y) other Investments not otherwise subject to the provisions set forth in this definition, provided , that , at the time any such Investment is made, the Payment Conditions are satisfied 
 (z) any Investments in securities or other assets not constituting cash equivalents and received in connection with a Permitted Disposition 
 (aa) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of UCC Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and UCC Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers 
 (bb) advances in the form of a prepayment of expenses, so long as such expenses are being paid in accordance with customary trade terms of the Lead Borrower or other Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (cc) any Investment in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements or related activities in the ordinary course of business (i) between or among the Loan Parties, (ii) between or among Subsidiaries or joint ventures all of which are not Loan Parties, and (iii) between or among any Loan Party and any Subsidiaries or joint ventures that are not Loan Parties provided , that , at the time any such Investment under this subsection (iii) is made, the Payment Conditions are satisfied and 
 (dd) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and any Permitted Warrant Transaction 
 provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, no such Investments specified in clauses (a) through (j) and clause (x) shall be made provided that , for the avoidance of doubt, any existing Investments made under such clauses shall not be required to be unwound) unless (1) either (A) no Loans, or, if then required to be Cash Collateralized, Letters of Credit are then outstanding, or (B) the Investment is a temporary Investment pending expiration of an Interest Period for a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, the proceeds of which Investment will be applied to the Obligations after the expiration of such Interest Period, and (2) such Investments shall be pledged to the Agent as additional collateral for the Obligations pursuant to such agreements as may be reasonably required by the Agent, and (ii) with respect to an Investment in respect of Intellectual Property (or the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary that owns Intellectual Property) and which Investment would be reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect the ability of the Agent to dispose 

of or otherwise realize upon the Collateral after an Event of Default, such Investment shall not be permitted unless the purchaser, assignee or other transferee thereof agrees in writing to be bound by a non-exclusive royalty-free worldwide license of such Intellectual Property in favor of the Agent for use in connection with the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Credit Parties, which license shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent provided, however , that the foregoing clause (ii) shall not apply to any Investment (A) made in accordance with any of clauses (k), (l)(i), (ii) and (iii), (p), (r), (s) and (x) of this definition or (B) otherwise approved by the Agent in writing. 
 Permitted Overadvance means an Overadvance made by the Agent, in its discretion, which 
 (a) Is made to maintain, protect or preserve the Collateral and or the Credit Parties rights under the Loan Documents or which is otherwise for the benefit of the Credit Parties 
 (b) Is made to enhance the likelihood of, or to maximize the amount of, repayment of any Obligation or 
 (c) Is made to pay any other amount chargeable to any Loan Party hereunder 
 provided , however , that together with all other Permitted Overadvances then outstanding, such Permitted Overadvance shall not (i) exceed ten percent (10 of the Borrowing Base at any time or (ii) unless a Liquidation is occurring, remain outstanding for more than forty-five (45) consecutive Business Days, unless in each case, the Required Lenders otherwise agree 
 provided further however , that the foregoing shall not (i) modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lenders obligations with respect to Letters of Credit or Section 2.04 regarding the Lenders obligations with respect to Swing Line Loans, or (ii) result in any claim or liability against the Agent (regardless of the amount of any Overadvance) for Unintentional Overadvances (and such Unintentional Overadvances shall not reduce the amount of Permitted Overadvances allowed hereunder), and further provided that in no event shall the Agent make an Overadvance, if after giving effect thereto, the principal amount of the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments (as in effect prior to any termination of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02 hereof). 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any Indebtedness issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to extend, refinance, renew, replace, defease or refund (collectively, to Refinance ), the Indebtedness being Refinanced (or previous refinancings thereof constituting a Permitted Refinancing) provided , that (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so Refinanced (plus (i) unpaid accrued interest and premiums thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses, (ii) reasonable original issue discount and upfront fees plus other fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such Refinance, and (iii) an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized under the debt being Refinanced), (b) maturity date and the Weighted Average Life To Maturity of such Permitted Refinancing is greater than or equal to the maturity date and the Weighted Average Life To Maturity of the Indebtedness being Refinanced, (c) if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations under this Agreement, such Permitted Refinancing shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Credit Parties as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being Refinanced, (d) no Permitted Refinancing shall have direct or indirect obligors who were not also obligors of the Indebtedness being Refinanced, or greater guarantees or security, than the Indebtedness being Refinanced, (e) such Permitted Refinancing shall be 

otherwise on terms not materially less favorable to the Credit Parties than those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being Refinanced, including, without limitation, with respect to financial and other covenants and events of default, (f) the interest rate applicable to any such Permitted Refinancing shall not exceed the then applicable market interest rate, and (g) at the time thereof, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to the Parent s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of the Parent) sold by the Parent substantially concurrently with any purchase by the Parent of a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and settled in common stock of the Parent (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of the Parent s common stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of the Parent provided that the terms, conditions and covenants of each such transaction shall be such as are customary for transactions of such type (as determined by the Parent in good faith). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, limited partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by any Loan Party or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate, other than a Multiemployer Plan. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Portal has the meaning specified in Section 2.02 . 
 Provider has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.28. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified in Section 10.26 . 
 Qualified Cash means cash or cash equivalents owned by a Loan Party, which are (a) available for use by a Loan Party, without condition or restriction (other than in favor of Agent and Notes Collateral Agent), (b) free and clear of any pledge or other Lien (other than in favor of Agent and Notes Collateral Agent and other than pursuant to clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrance), (c) subject to the first priority perfected security interest of Agent (other than Liens pursuant to clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrance), and (d) in an investment account or deposit account at Wells Fargo or an Affiliate of Wells Fargo specifically and solely used for purposes of holding such cash or cash equivalents and which account is subject to a Blocked Account Agreement. 
 Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 

Real Estate means all Leases and all land, together with the buildings, structures, parking areas, and other improvements thereon, now or hereafter owned by any Loan Party, including all easements, rights-of-way, and similar rights relating thereto and all leases, tenancies, and occupancies thereof. 
 Real Estate Advance Rate means as of the Closing Date, sixty (60 percent, which percentage shall be reduced by one (1) percentage point on the first (1 st day of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with the first Fiscal Quarter following the date in which the Eligible Real Estate is included in the Borrowing Base. 
 Real Estate Eligibility Requirements means collectively, each of the following 
 (a) The applicable Loan Party has executed and delivered to the Agent a Mortgage in form and substance acceptable to the Agent with respect to any Real Estate intended, by such Loan Party, to be included in Eligible Real Estate 
 (b) As to any particular property, the Loan Party is in compliance in all material respects with the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the Mortgage relating to such Real Estate 
 (c) The Agent shall have received fully paid American Land Title Association Lender s Extended Coverage title insurance policies or marked-up title insurance commitments having the effect of a policy of title insurance) (the Mortgage Policies in form and substance, with the endorsements reasonably required by the Agent (to the extent available at commercially reasonable rates) and in amounts reasonably acceptable to the Agent, issued, coinsured and reinsured (to the extent required by the Agent) by title insurers reasonably acceptable to the Agent, insuring the Mortgages to be valid first and subsisting Liens on the property or leasehold interests described therein, free and clear of all defects (including, but not limited to, mechanics and materialmen s Liens) and encumbrances, excepting only Permitted Encumbrances having priority over the Lien of the Agent under applicable Law or otherwise reasonably acceptable to the Agent 
 (d) With respect to any Real Estate owned by a Borrower or any other Loan Party (excluding interests as lessee under a Lease) which is intended by such Borrower or such other Loan Party to be included in Eligible Real Estate, the Agent shall have received American Land Title Association American Congress on Surveying and Mapping form surveys, for which all necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid, certified to the Agent and the issuer of the Mortgage Policies in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent by a land surveyor duly registered and licensed in the states in which the property described in such surveys is located and reasonably acceptable to the Agent, showing all buildings and other improvements, the location of any easements, parking spaces, rights of way, building set-back lines and other dimensional regulations and the absence of encroachments, either by such improvements or on to such property, and other defects, other than encroachments and other defects reasonably acceptable to the Agent 
 (e) With respect to any Real Estate intended by any Borrower or other Loan Party to be included in Eligible Real Estate, the Agent shall have received a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment in accordance with ASTM Standard E1527-13, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, from an environmental consulting firm reasonably acceptable to the Agent, which report shall identify recognized environmental conditions and the Agent shall be satisfied with the nature and amount of any such matters. The Agent may, upon the receipt of a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment require the delivery of further environmental assessments or reports to the extent such further assessments or reports are recommended in the Phase I Environmental Site Assessment 

(f) The applicable Loan Party shall have delivered to the Agent evidence of flood insurance naming the Agent as mortgagee as required by the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as revised by the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, and as amended and in effect, which shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent provided that the Agent shall not enter into any Mortgage in respect of any improved Real Estate that will constitute Collateral (whether or not such Real Estate will also constitute Eligible Real Estate) until the earlier to occur of (1) the date that occurs thirty (30) days after the Agent has delivered to the Lenders (which may be delivered electronically) the following documents in respect of such Real Estate (i) a completed flood hazard determination from a third party vendor, (ii) if such Real Estate is located in a special flood hazard area, (A) a notification to the applicable Loan Party of that fact and (if applicable) notification to such Loan Party that flood insurance coverage is not available and (B) evidence of the receipt by such Loan Party of such notice, and (iii) if such notice is to be provided to such Loan Party and flood insurance is available in the community in which such Real Estate is located, evidence of required flood insurance and (2) the Agent shall have received written confirmation from the Lenders that flood insurance due diligence and flood insurance compliance has been completed by the Lenders (such written confirmation not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed) and 
 (g) The applicable Loan Party shall have delivered such other information and documents as may be reasonably requested by the Agent, including, without limitation, such as may be necessary to comply with FIRREA. 
 Realty Reserves means such reserves as the Agent from time to time determines in the Agent s Permitted Discretion as being appropriate to reflect the impediments to the Agent s ability to realize upon any Eligible Real Estate or to reflect claims and liabilities that the Agent determines will need to be satisfied in connection with the realization upon any Eligible Real Estate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Realty Reserves may include (but are not limited to) (i) Environmental Compliance Reserves, (ii) reserves for (A) municipal taxes and assessments, (B) repairs and (C) remediation of title defects, and (iii) reserves for Indebtedness secured by Liens having priority over the Lien of the Agent. 
 Receivables Reserves means such Reserves as may be established from time to time by the Agent in the Agent s Permitted Discretion with respect to the determination of the collectability in the ordinary course of Eligible Trade Receivables and Eligible Gift Card Receivables, including, without limitation, on account of dilution. 
 Recipient means (a) the Agent and (b) any Lender, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (i) if such Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two (2) London Banking Days preceding the date of such setting, and (ii) if such Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm has the meaning specified by the Securities Laws and shall be independent of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as prescribed by the Securities Laws. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental Body means the FRB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the FRB or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
 Reports has the meaning specified in Section 9.12(b) . 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, an electronic notice via the Portal or LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application and, if required by the L C Issuer, a Standby Letter of Credit Agreement or Commercial Letter of Credit Agreement, as applicable, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, at least two Lenders holding more than 50 of the Aggregate Commitments or, if the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 , at least two Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50 of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii). 
 Reserves means, without duplication, all Inventory Reserves, Availability Reserves, Realty Reserves and Receivables Reserves. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer of a Loan Party or any of the other individuals designated in writing to the Agent by an existing Responsible Officer of a Loan Party as an authorized signatory of any certificate or other document to be delivered hereunder, including, with respect to the Portal, any person authorized and authenticated through the Portal in accordance with the Agent s procedures for such authentication. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to such Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment. Without limiting the foregoing, Restricted Payments with respect to any Person shall also include all payments made by such Person with any proceeds of a dissolution or liquidation of such Person For the avoidance of doubt, the 

payment of interest or other amounts on (and including the settlement of any conversions of) any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall not constituted a Restricted Payment. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Parent which is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sanctioned Entity means (a) a country or territory or a government of a country or territory, (b) an agency of the government of a country or territory, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or territory or its government, or (d) a Person resident in or determined to be resident in a country or territory, in each case of clauses (a) through (d) that is a target of Sanctions, including a target of any country or territory sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time (a) any Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC SDN ), OFAC s consolidated Non-SDN list or any other Sanctions-related list maintained by any Governmental Authority, (b) a Person or legal entity that is a target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity, or (d) any Person directly or indirectly owned or controlled (individually or in the aggregate) by or acting on behalf of any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) through (c) above. 
 Sanctions means individually and collectively, respectively, any and all economic sanctions, trade sanctions, financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, secondary sanctions, trade embargoes anti-terrorism laws and other sanctions laws, regulations or embargoes, including those imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the United States of America, including those administered by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, or through any existing or future executive order, (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union or any European Union member state, (d) Her His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (e) any other Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over any Credit Party or any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Securities Account has the meaning given to such term in the UCC. 
 Securities Account Control Agreement means with respect to a Securities Account established by a Loan Party, an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent, establishing control, as such term is defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC, of such Securities Account by the Agent and whereby the Securities Intermediary maintaining such Securities Account agrees, upon notice received by such Securities Intermediary from the Agent, to comply only with the instructions originated by the Agent without the further consent of such Loan Party. 
 Securities Intermediary has the meaning given to such term in the UCC. 
 Securities Laws means the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sarbanes-Oxley, and the applicable accounting and auditing principles, rules, standards and practices promulgated, approved or incorporated by the SEC or the PCAOB. 

Security Agreement means the Security Agreement dated as of August 7, 2014 among the Loan Parties and the Agent, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended, modified, supplemented, renewed, restated or replaced. 
 Security Documents means the Security Agreement, the Blocked Account Agreements, the Credit Card Notifications, the Mortgages, and each other security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered to the Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document granting a Lien to secure any of the Obligations. 
 Settlement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a) . 
 Shareholders Equity means, as of any date of determination, consolidated shareholders equity of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of that date determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Shrink means Inventory which has been lost, misplaced, stolen, or is otherwise unaccounted for. 
 SOFR means , with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published as administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org , or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Average means, for any Interest Period, the rate of interest per annum determined by the Agent as the compounded average of SOFR over a rolling calendar day period of thirty (30) days , as such rate is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the SOFR Average) two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period . 
 SOFR Borrowing means a Borrowing comprised of SOFR Loans. 
 SOFR Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c of the definition of Base Rate ). 
 SOFR Loan Notice means a notice for a SOFR Borrowing or continuation pursuant to Section 2.02(b), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 Solvent and Solvency means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (a) at fair valuation, the sum of such Person s debts (including contingent liabilities) is less than all of such Person s assets, (b) the present fair salable value of the properties and assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is not engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which the remaining assets of such Person are unreasonably small in relation to the business or transaction or for which the property remaining with such Person is an unreasonably small capital, and (d) such Person has not incurred and has not incurred and does not intend to and does not believe that it will incur, debts beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts mature and (e) such Person is not engaged in a business or transaction and is not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which such Person s properties and assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practices in the industry in which such Person is engaged. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 

Specified JV has the meaning specified in Schedule 1.01(b) . 
 Spot Rate for a currency means the rate determined by the Agent to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date of such determination provided that the Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Agent if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 
 Standard Letter of Credit Practice means, for the L C Issuer, any domestic or foreign Law or letter of credit practices applicable in the city in which the L C Issuer issued the applicable Letter of Credit or, for its branch or correspondent, such Laws and practices applicable in the city in which it has advised, confirmed or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be, in each case, (a) which letter of credit practices are of banks that regularly issue letters of credit in the particular city, and (b) which laws or letter of credit practices are required or permitted under ISP or UCP, as chosen in the applicable Letter of Credit. 
 Standby Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit that is not a Commercial Letter of Credit and that (a) is used in lieu or in support of performance guaranties or performance, surety or similar bonds (excluding appeal bonds) arising in the ordinary course of business, (b) is used in lieu or in support of stay or appeal bonds, (c) supports the payment of insurance premiums for reasonably necessary casualty insurance carried by any of the Loan Parties, or (d) supports payment or performance for identified purchases or exchanges of products or services in the ordinary course of business. 
 Standby Letter of Credit Agreement means the Standby Letter of Credit Agreement relating to the issuance of a Standby Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L C Issuer. 
 Stated Amount means at any time the maximum amount for which a Letter of Credit may be honored. 
 Store means any retail store (which may include any real property, fixtures, equipment, inventory and other property related thereto) operated, or to be operated, by any Loan Party. 
 Sub-Facility Request has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the Obligations pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries (other than in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary) shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of a Loan Party, but shall exclude Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified in Section 10.26. 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange 

transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender Counterparty). 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 Swing Line Lender means Wells Fargo, in its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a) . 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B . 
 Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 50,000,000 (which amount shall increase proportionately in connection with any Commitment Increase pursuant to Section 2.15 hereof) and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 
 Syndication Agent means Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term SOFR means, 
 
 (a for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period , as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day , as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion ). 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body . 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Agent to the Lenders and the Lead Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in the replacement of the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.03(b) with a Benchmark Replacement the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement component of which is not Term SOFR. 

Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date on which the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated (or deemed accelerated) and the Commitments are irrevocably terminated (or deemed terminated) in accordance with Article VIII , or (iii) the termination of the Commitments in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.06(a) hereof. 
 Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L C Obligations. 
 Trading with the Enemy Act has the meaning set forth in Section 5.25 . 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan. 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York provided , however , that if a term is defined in Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code differently than in another Article thereof, the term shall have the meaning set forth in Article 9 provided further that, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, perfection, or the effect of perfection or non-perfection, of a security interest in any Collateral or the availability of any remedy hereunder is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New York, Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection or availability of such remedy, as the case may be. 
 UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 2007 Revision, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 and any subsequent revision thereof adopted by the International Chamber of Commerce on the date such Letter of Credit is issued. 
 UFCA has the meaning specified in Section 10.20(d) . 
 UFTA has the meaning specified in Section 10.20(d) . 
 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unfunded Pension Liability means the excess of a Pension Plan s benefit liabilities under Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA, over the current value of that Pension Plan s assets, determined in accordance with the assumptions used for funding the Pension Plan pursuant to Section 412 of the Code for the applicable plan year. 
 Unintentional Overadvance means an Overadvance which, to the Agent s knowledge, did not constitute an Overadvance when made but which has become an Overadvance resulting from changed circumstances beyond the control of the Credit Parties, including, without limitation, a reduction in the 

Appraised Value of property or assets included in the Borrowing Base, increase in Reserves or misrepresentation by the Loan Parties. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unrestricted Cash means the sum of (i) the Loan Parties and such Subsidiaries unrestricted domestic cash and cash equivalents plus (ii) the Net Unrestricted Foreign Cash multiplied by eighty percent (80 ). 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, a Subsidiary of a Loan Party designated by the Lead Borrower's board of directors as such, provided that no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless, in each case at the time of such designation, (a) it is a CFC or CFC Holdco, or (b)(i) it does not have any material liabilities, (ii) it is not engaged in any business or commercial activities (provided that the requirement in this clause (b)(ii) shall not apply to the Specified JV), (iii) it does not own any assets with a book value of more than 100,000 in the aggregate (provided that the requirement in this clause (b)(iii) shall not apply to the Specified JV), (iv) it is not obligated or liable, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, in respect of any Indebtedness or other material obligations, and (v) none of its assets are included in the calculation of Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Subsidiary s being designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary and (ii) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 USD LIBOR means the London interbank offered rate for Dollars. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, or any successor thereto, recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities provided, that for purposes of notice requirements in Section 2.02 (b), such day is also a Business Day. 
 U.S. Person means a United States Person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified in Section 10.26 . 
 Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event means either (i) the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, or (ii) the failure of the Borrowers to maintain Availability at least equal to the greater of (a) fifteen percent (15 of the Loan Cap, or (b) 50,000,000. For purposes of this Agreement, the occurrence of a Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event shall be deemed continuing at the Agent s option (i) so long as such Event of Default has not been waived, and or (ii) if the Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event arises as a result of the Borrowers failure to achieve Availability as required hereunder, until Availability has exceeded the greater of (a) fifteen percent (15 of the Loan Cap, or (b) 50,000,000 for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days, in which case a Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event shall no longer be deemed to be continuing for purposes of this Agreement. The termination of a Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event as provided herein shall in no way limit, waive or delay the occurrence of a subsequent Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event in the event that the conditions set forth in this definition again arise. 
 Weighted Average Life To Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 

Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and its successors. 
 Withholding Agent means any Loan Party and the Agent. 
 Work Room Inventory means Inventory owned by any Loan Party located at a location that is not owned or leased by a Loan Party for purposes of processing, consolidating and or packaging in the ordinary course of business. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 1.03 Accounting Terms 
 (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Lead Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Agent, the Lenders and the Lead Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders) provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. In furtherance of the foregoing, at the request of the Lead Borrower, the Lead Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders agree to negotiate in good faith any such amendment addressing the impact of changes in GAAP upon the covenants (financial or otherwise) at no cost to the Loan Parties other than the reimbursement of the Agent s costs and expenses as contemplated by Section 10.04(a) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated, without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to value its financial liabilities at the fair value thereof ASC 825 ), provided that to the extent any financial statements delivered hereunder are prepared giving effect to ASC 825, the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Agent a reconciliation of such financial statements without giving effect to ASC 825. 
 (c) Conversion to IFRS . The Lead Borrower may notify the Agent at any time that it has elected to so use IFRS in lieu of GAAP and, upon any such notice, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean IFRS as in effect from time to time provided that , to the extent that such election would affect any financial ratio set forth in this Agreement, (i) the Lead Borrower shall provide to the Agent financial statements and other documents reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lender setting forth a reconciliation with respect to such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such election and (ii) if the Lead Borrower, the Agent or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Agent, the Required Lenders and the Lead Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change. 
 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the 

other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 1.05 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms of any Issuer Documents related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the Stated Amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum Stated Amount is in effect at such time. 
 1.07 Covenant Compliance. 
 For purposes of determining compliance under Article VII , any amount in a currency other than Dollars will be converted to Dollars in a manner consistent with that used in calculating Consolidated Net Income in the most recent annual financial statements of the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) . Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with Sections 7.02 and 7.03 , with respect to any amount of Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no breach of any basket contained in such sections shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.07 shall otherwise apply to such Sections, including with respect to determining whether any Indebtedness or Investment may be incurred at any time under such Sections. 
 1.08 Divisions . 
 For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different United States jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 1.09 Rates . The interest rate on LIBOR Rate Loans and Base Rate Loans (when determined by reference to clause (b) of the definition of Base Rate) may be determined by reference to LIBOR, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate. The London interbank offered rate is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of the London interbank offered rate, and the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of IBA, announced in 

public statements (the Announcements that the final publication or representativeness date for the London interbank offered rate for Dollars for (a) 1-week and 2-month tenor settings will be December 31, 2021 and (b) overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month tenor settings will be June 30, 2023. No successor administrator for IBA was identified in such Announcements. As a result, it is possible that commencing immediately after such dates, the London interbank offered rate for such tenors may no longer be available or may no longer be deemed a representative reference rate upon which to determine the interest rate on LIBOR Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans (when determined by reference to clause (b) of the definition of Base Rate). There is no assurance that the dates set forth in the Announcements will not change or that IBA or the FCA will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition or characteristics of any London interbank offered rate. Public and private sector industry initiatives have been and continue, as of the date hereof, to be underway to implement new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of the London interbank offered rate. In the event that the London interbank offered rate or any other then-current Benchmark is no longer available or in certain other circumstances set forth in Section 3.03 (b) , such Section 3.03(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest . The Agent will notify the Lead Borrower , pursuant to Section 3.03(b) , of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on LIBOR Rate Loans and Base Rate Loans (when determined by reference to clause (b) of the definition of Base Rate) is based. However, the Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, i a the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the London interbank offered rate or other rates in the definition of LIBOR Rate , the SOFR Average, Term SOFR, SOFR Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark , any component definition thereof or rates referenced referred to in the definition of any of the foregoing terms thereof, or with respect to any alternative, comparable or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 3.03(b) , will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBOR Rate, the SOFR Average, Term SOFR, SOFR , or any other Benchmark, or have the same volume or liquidity as did , the London interbank offered rate Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark , prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or ii b the effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to a Borrower. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR , or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement , and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for damages of any kind, including direct or 

indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 ARTICLE II THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 2.01 Committed Loans Reserves . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed Loan to the Borrowers from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the lesser of (x) the amount of such Lender s Commitment, or (y) such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Borrowing Base subject in each case to the following limitations 
 (i) after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Loan Cap, 
 (ii) after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, 
 (iii) The Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations shall not at any time exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit 
 Within the limits of each Lender s Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (b) The Reserves as of the Closing Date are set forth in the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Agent in February 2021. 
 (c) The Agent shall have the right, at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date in its Permitted Discretion to establish, modify or eliminate Reserves. 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans. 
 (a) Committed Loans (other than Swing Line Loans) shall be either Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans as the Lead Borrower may request subject to and in accordance with this Section 2.02 . All Swing Line Loans shall be only Base Rate Loans. Subject to the other provisions of this Section 2.02 , Committed Borrowings of more than one Type may be incurred at the same time. 
 (b) Each request for a Committed Borrowing consisting of a Base Rate Loan shall be made by electronic request of the Lead Borrower through Agent s Commercial Electronic Office Portal or through such other electronic portal provided by Agent (the Portal ), which must be received by the Agent not later than 2 00 p.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. The Borrowers hereby acknowledge and agree that any request made through the Portal shall be deemed made 

by a Responsible Officer of the Borrowers. Each request for a Committed Borrowing consisting of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan shall be made pursuant to the Lead Borrower s submission of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice, which must be received by the Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans. Each LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice shall specify (i) the requested date of the Borrowing or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the principal amount of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans to be borrowed or continued (which shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof), and (iii) the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Lead Borrower fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. On the requested date of any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, (i) in the event that Base Rate Loans are outstanding in an amount equal to or greater than the requested LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, all or a portion of such Base Rate Loans shall be automatically converted to a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan in the amount requested by the Lead Borrower, and (ii) if Base Rate Loans are not outstanding in an amount at least equal to the requested LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, the Lead Borrower shall make an electronic request via the Portal for additional Base Rate Loans in such amount, when taken with the outstanding Base Rate Loans (which shall be converted automatically at such time), as is necessary to satisfy the requested LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan. If the Lead Borrower fails to make such additional request via the Portal as required pursuant to clause (ii) of the foregoing sentence, then the Borrowers shall be responsible for all amounts due pursuant to Section 3.05 hereof arising on account of such failure. If the Lead Borrower fails to give a timely notice with respect to any continuation of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be converted to Base Rate Loans, effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans. All requests for a Committed Borrowing which are not made by electronic request of the Lead Borrower through the Portal shall be subject to (and unless the Agent elects otherwise in the exercise of its sole discretion, such Committed Borrowing shall not be made until the completion of) the Agent s authentication process (with results satisfactory to the Agent) prior to the funding of any such requested Committed Loan. 
 (c) The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Lead Borrower, the Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in Section 2.02(b) . In the case of a Committed Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Agent in immediately available funds at the Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Agent shall, absent extenuating circumstances beyond the control of the Agent, to make all funds so received available to the Borrowers in like funds by no later than 4 00 p.m. on the day of receipt by the Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Lead Borrower on the books of Wells Fargo with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Agent by the Lead Borrower. 
 (d) The Agent, without the request of the Lead Borrower, may advance any interest, fee, service charge (including direct wire fees), and (unless a Cash Dominion Event has occurred and is continuing) upon prior notice to the Lead Borrower, Credit Party Expenses, or other payment to which any Credit Party is entitled from the Loan Parties pursuant hereto or any other Loan Document, as and when due and payable, and may charge the same to the Loan Account notwithstanding that an Overadvance may result thereby. The Agent shall advise the Lead Borrower of any such advance or 

charge promptly after the making thereof. Such action on the part of the Agent shall not constitute a waiver of the Agent s rights and the Borrowers obligations under Section 2.05(c) . Any amount which is added to the principal balance of the Loan Account as provided in this Section 2.02(d) shall bear interest at the interest rate then and thereafter applicable to Base Rate Loans. 
 (e) Except as otherwise provided herein, a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan. During the existence of a Default or an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans without the Consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (f) The Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Wells Fargo s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (g) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans. 
 (h) The Agent, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the L C Issuer shall have no obligation to make any Loan or to provide any Letter of Credit if an Overadvance would result. The Agent may, in its discretion, make Permitted Overadvances without the consent of the Borrowers, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the L C Issuer and the Borrowers and each Lender and L C Issuer shall be bound thereby. Any Permitted Overadvance may constitute a Swing Line Loan. A Permitted Overadvance is for the account of the Borrowers and shall constitute a Base Rate Loan and an Obligation and shall be repaid by the Borrowers in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.05(c) . The making of any such Permitted Overadvance on any one occasion shall not obligate the Agent or any Lender to make or permit any Permitted Overadvance on any other occasion or to permit such Permitted Overadvances to remain outstanding. The making by the Agent of a Permitted Overadvance shall not modify or abrogate any of the provisions of Section 2.03 regarding the Lenders obligations to purchase participations with respect to Letters of Credit or of Section 2.04 regarding the Lenders obligations to purchase participations with respect to Swing Line Loans. The Agent shall have no liability for, and no Loan Party or Credit Party shall have the right to, or shall, bring any claim of any kind whatsoever against the Agent with respect to Unintentional Overadvances regardless of the amount of any such Overadvance(s). 
 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the request of the Lead Borrower made in accordance herewith, and prior to the Maturity Date, the L C Issuer agrees to issue a requested Letter of Credit for the account of the Loan Parties or any subsidiary thereof. By submitting a request to the L C Issuer for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested that the L C Issuer issue the requested Letter of Credit. Each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or the amendment, renewal, or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit, shall be (i) irrevocable and be made in writing pursuant to a Letter of Credit Application by a Responsible Officer, (ii) delivered to the L C Issuer and the Agent via telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission reasonably acceptable to the L C Issuer not later than 11 00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such other date and time as the Agent and the L C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal, or 

extension, and (iii) subject to the L C Issuer s authentication procedures with results satisfactory to the L C Issuer. Each such request shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the L C Issuer and (i) shall specify (A) the amount of such Letter of Credit, (B) the date of issuance, amendment, renewal, or extension of such Letter of Credit, (C) the proposed expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (D) the name and address of the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit, and (E) such other information (including, the conditions to drawing, and, in the case of an amendment, renewal, or extension, identification of the Letter of Credit to be so amended, renewed, or extended) as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew, or extend such Letter of Credit, and (ii) shall be accompanied by such Issuer Documents as the Agent or the L C Issuer may request or require, to the extent that such requests or requirements are consistent with the Issuer Documents that the L C Issuer generally requests for Letters of Credit in similar circumstances. The Agent s records of the content of any such request will be conclusive. 
 (b) The L C Issuer shall have no obligation to issue a Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to the requested issuance, (i) the Total Outstandings would exceed Loan Cap, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans would exceed such Lender s Commitment, (iii) the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or (iv) the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issues to such L C Issuer would exceed the applicable Letter of Credit Sublimit with respect to such L C Issuer. 
 (c) In the event there is a Defaulting Lender as of the date of any request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the L C Issuer shall not be required to issue or arrange for such Letter of Credit to the extent (i) such Defaulting Lender s participation with respect to such Letter of Credit may not be reallocated pursuant to Section 9.16(b) , or (ii) the L C Issuer has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and the Borrowers to eliminate the L C Issuer s risk with respect to the participation in such Letter of Credit of such Defaulting Lender, which arrangements may include the Borrowers cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender s participation with respect to such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 9.16(b) . Additionally, the L C Issuer shall have no obligation to issue and or extend a Letter of Credit if (A) any order, judgment, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall, by its terms, purport to enjoin or restrain the L C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L C Issuer shall prohibit or request that the L C Issuer refrain from the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the L C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally, and (C) if the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless either such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized on or prior to the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or such later date as to which the Agent may agree) or all the Lenders have approved such expiry date. 
 (d) Any L C Issuer (other than Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates) shall notify the Agent in writing no later than the Business Day immediately following the Business Day on which such L C Issuer issued any Letter of Credit provided , that (i) until the Agent advises the any such L C Issuer that the provisions of Section 4.02 are not satisfied, or (ii) unless the aggregate amount of the Letters of Credit issued in any such week exceeds such amount as shall be agreed by the Agent and such L C Issuer, such L C Issuer shall only be required to notify the Agent on the first Business Day of each week by submitting to Agent a report detailing the daily undrawn amount of each Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer during the prior calendar week. Each Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance 

reasonably acceptable to the L C Issuer, including the requirement that the amounts payable thereunder must be payable in Dollars provided that if the L C Issuer, in its discretion, issues a Letter of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, all reimbursements by the Borrowers of the honoring of any drawing under such Letter of Credit shall be paid in Dollars based on the Spot Rate. If the L C Issuer makes a payment under a Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall pay to Agent an amount equal to the applicable Letter of Credit Disbursement on the Business Day such Letter of Credit Disbursement is made and, in the absence of such payment, the amount of the Letter of Credit Disbursement immediately and automatically shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan hereunder (notwithstanding any failure to satisfy any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 hereof) and, initially, shall bear interest at the rate then applicable to Committed Loans that are Base Rate Loans. If a Letter of Credit Disbursement is deemed to be a Committed Loan hereunder, the Borrowers obligation to pay the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement to the L C Issuer shall be automatically converted into an obligation to pay the resulting Committed Loan. Promptly following receipt by the Agent of any payment from the Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, the Agent shall distribute such payment to the L C Issuer or, to the extent that the Lenders have made payments pursuant to Section 2.03(e) to reimburse the L C Issuer, then to such Lenders and the L C Issuer as their interests may appear. 
 (e) Promptly following receipt of a notice of a Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to Section 2.03(d) , each Lender agrees to fund its Applicable Percentage of any Committed Loan deemed made pursuant to Section 2.03(d) on the same terms and conditions as if the Borrowers had requested the amount thereof as a Committed Loan and the Agent shall promptly pay to the L C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment, renewal, or extension of a Letter of Credit) and without any further action on the part of the L C Issuer or the Lenders, the L C Issuer shall be deemed to have granted to each Lender, and each Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, a participation in each Letter of Credit issued by the L C Issuer, in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of such Letter of Credit, and each such Lender agrees to pay to the Agent, for the account of the L C Issuer, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Letter of Credit Disbursement made by the L C Issuer under the applicable Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Agent, for the account of the L C Issuer, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each Letter of Credit Disbursement made by the L C Issuer and not reimbursed by Borrowers on the date due as provided in Section 2.03(d) , or of any reimbursement payment that is required to be refunded (or that the Agent or the L C Issuer elects, based upon the advice of counsel, to refund) to the Borrowers for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to deliver to the Agent, for the account of the L C Issuer, an amount equal to its respective Applicable Percentage of each Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) shall be absolute and unconditional and such remittance shall be made notwithstanding the occurrence or continuation of a Default or Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any condition set forth in Section 4.02 hereof. If any such Lender fails to make available to the Agent the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of a Letter of Credit Disbursement as provided in this Section, such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender and the Agent (for the account of the L C Issuer) shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate until paid in full. 
 (f) Each Borrower agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Credit Party (including the L C Issuer and its branches, Affiliates, and correspondents) and each such Person s respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents (each, including the L C Issuer, a Letter of Credit Related Person (to the fullest extent permitted by Law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and 

all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), which may be incurred by or awarded against any such Letter of Credit Related Person (other than Taxes, which shall be governed by Section 3.01 (the Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs ), and which arise out of or in connection with, or as a result of 
 (i) any Letter of Credit or any pre-advice of its issuance 
 (ii) any transfer, sale, delivery, surrender or endorsement of any Drawing Document at any time(s) held by any such Letter of Credit Related Person in connection with any Letter of Credit 
 (iii) any action or proceeding arising out of, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit (whether administrative, judicial or in connection with arbitration), including any action or proceeding to compel or restrain any presentation or payment under any Letter of Credit, or for the wrongful dishonor of, or honoring a presentation under, any Letter of Credit 
 (iv) any independent undertakings issued by the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit 
 (v) any unauthorized instruction or request made to the L C Issuer in connection with any Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit, or any error, omission, interruption or delay in such instruction or request, whether transmitted by electronic transmission, SWIFT, or any other telecommunication including communication through a correspondent 
 (vi) an adviser, confirmer or other nominated person seeking to be reimbursed, indemnified or compensated 
 (vii) any third party seeking to enforce the rights of an applicant, beneficiary, nominated person, transferee, assignee of Letter of Credit proceeds or holder of an instrument or document 
 (viii) the fraud, forgery or illegal action of parties other than the Letter of Credit Related Person 
 (ix) any prohibition on payment or delay in payment of any amount payable by the L C Issuer to a beneficiary or transferee beneficiary of a Letter of Credit arising out of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Sanctions 
 (x) the L C Issuer s performance of the obligations of a confirming institution or entity that wrongfully dishonors a confirmation or 
 (xi) the acts or omissions, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto governmental or regulatory authority or cause or event beyond the control of the Letter of Credit Related Person 
 in each case, including that resulting from the Letter of Credit Related Person s own negligence provided , however , that such indemnity shall not be available to any Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnification under clauses (i) through (xiii) above to the extent that such Letter of Credit 

Indemnified Costs may be determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity on demand from time to time all amounts owing under this Section 2.03(f) . If and to the extent that the obligations of the Borrowers under this Section 2.03(f) are unenforceable for any reason, the Borrowers agree to make the maximum contribution to the Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs permissible under applicable Law. This indemnification provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and all Letters of Credit. 
 (g) The liability of the L C Issuer (or any other Letter of Credit Related Person) under, in connection with or arising out of any Letter of Credit (or pre-advice), regardless of the form or legal grounds of the action or proceeding, shall be limited to direct damages suffered by the Borrowers that are caused directly by the L C Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct in (i) honoring a presentation under a Letter of Credit that on its face does not at least substantially comply with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, (ii) failing to honor a presentation under a Letter of Credit that strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit or (iii) retaining Drawing Documents presented under a Letter of Credit. The L C Issuer shall be deemed to have acted with due diligence and reasonable care if the L C Issuer s conduct is in accordance with Standard Letter of Credit Practice or in accordance with this Agreement. The Borrowers aggregate remedies against the L C Issuer and any Letter of Credit Related Person for wrongfully honoring a presentation under any Letter of Credit or wrongfully retaining honored Drawing Documents shall in no event exceed the aggregate amount paid by the Borrowers to the L C Issuer in respect of the honored presentation in connection with such Letter of Credit under Section 2.03(d) , plus interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans hereunder. Any claim by the Borrowers under or in connection with any Letter of Credit shall be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of (x) the amount (if any) saved by the Borrowers as a result of the breach or alleged wrongful conduct complained of and (y) the amount (if any) of the loss that would have been avoided had the Borrowers taken all reasonable steps to mitigate any loss, and in case of a claim of wrongful dishonor, by specifically and timely authorizing the L C Issuer to effect a cure. 
 (h) The Borrowers shall be responsible for the final text of the Letter of Credit as issued by the L C Issuer, irrespective of any assistance the L C Issuer may provide such as drafting or recommending text or by the L C Issuer s use or refusal to use text submitted by the Borrowers. The Borrowers understand that the final form of any Letter of Credit may be subject to such revisions and changes as are deemed necessary or appropriate by the L C Issuer, and Borrowers hereby consent to such revisions and changes not materially different from the application executed in connection therewith. The Borrowers are solely responsible for the suitability of the Letter of Credit for the Borrowers purposes, and the L C Issuer shall have no liability with respect to any affiliated or unaffiliated third party on whose account any such Letter of Credit may be issued. With respect to any Letter of Credit containing an automatic amendment to extend the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the L C Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may give notice of nonrenewal of such Letter of Credit and, if the Borrowers do not at any time want the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit to be extended, the Borrowers will so notify the Agent and the L C Issuer at least 15 calendar days before the L C Issuer is required to notify the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any advising bank of such non-extension pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (i) The Borrowers reimbursement and payment obligations under this Section 2.03 are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever, including 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Issuer Document, this Agreement or any Loan Document, or any term or provision therein or herein 
 (ii) payment against presentation of any draft, demand or claim for payment under any Drawing Document that does not comply in whole or in part with the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit or which proves to be fraudulent, forged or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or which is signed, issued or presented by a Person or a transferee of such Person purporting to be a successor or transferee of the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit 
 (iii) the L C Issuer or any of its branches or Affiliates being the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit 
 (iv) the L C Issuer or any correspondent honoring a drawing against a Drawing Document up to the amount available under any Letter of Credit even if such Drawing Document claims an amount in excess of the amount available under the Letter of Credit 
 (v) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries may have at any time against any beneficiary or transferee beneficiary, any assignee of proceeds, the L C Issuer or any other Person 
 (vi) the L C Issuer or any correspondent honoring a drawing upon receipt of an electronic presentation under a Letter of Credit requiring the same, regardless of whether the original Drawing Documents arrive at the L C Issuer s counters or are different from the electronic presentation 
 (vii) any other event, circumstance or conduct whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing that might, but for this Section 2.03(i) , constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, any Borrower s or any of its Subsidiaries reimbursement and other payment obligations and liabilities, arising under, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit, whether against the L C Issuer, the beneficiary or any other Person or 
 (viii) the fact that any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 provided , however , that subject to Section 2.03(g) above, the foregoing shall not release the L C Issuer from such liability to the Borrowers as may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against the L C Issuer following reimbursement or payment of the obligations and liabilities, including reimbursement and other payment obligations, of the Borrowers to the L C Issuer arising under, or in connection with, this Section 2.03 or any Letter of Credit. 
 (j) Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, the L C Issuer and each other Letter of Credit Related Person (if applicable) shall not be responsible to the Borrowers for, and the L C Issuer s rights and remedies against the Borrowers and the obligation of the Borrowers to reimburse the L C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit shall not be impaired by 
 (i) honor of a presentation under any Letter of Credit that on its face substantially complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, even if the Letter of Credit requires strict compliance by the beneficiary 

(ii) honor of a presentation of any Drawing Document that appears on its face to have been signed, presented or issued (A) by any purported successor or transferee of any beneficiary or other Person required to sign, present or issue such Drawing Document or (B) under a new name of the beneficiary 
 (iii) acceptance as a draft of any written or electronic demand or request for payment under a Letter of Credit, even if nonnegotiable or not in the form of a draft or notwithstanding any requirement that such draft, demand or request bear any or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit 
 (iv) the identity or authority of any presenter or signer of any Drawing Document or the form, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Drawing Document (other than the L C Issuer s determination that such Drawing Document appears on its face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit) 
 (v) acting upon any instruction or request relative to a Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit that the L C Issuer in good faith believes to have been given by a Person authorized to give such instruction or request 
 (vi) any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any message, advice or document (regardless of how sent or transmitted) or for errors in interpretation of technical terms or in translation or any delay in giving or failing to give notice to the Borrowers 
 (vii) any acts, omissions or fraud by, or the insolvency of, any beneficiary, any nominated person or entity or any other Person or any breach of contract between any beneficiary and any Borrower or any of the parties to the underlying transaction to which the Letter of Credit relates 
 (viii) assertion or waiver of any provision of the ISP or UCP that primarily benefits an issuer of a letter of credit, including any requirement that any Drawing Document be presented to it at a particular hour or place 
 (ix) payment to any paying or negotiating bank (designated or permitted by the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit) claiming that it rightfully honored or is entitled to reimbursement or indemnity under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to it 
 (x) acting or failing to act as required or permitted under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to where the L C Issuer has issued, confirmed, advised or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be 
 (xi) honor of a presentation after the expiration date of any Letter of Credit notwithstanding that a presentation was made prior to such expiration date and dishonored by the L C Issuer if subsequently the L C Issuer or any court or other finder of fact determines such presentation should have been honored 
 (xii) dishonor of any presentation that does not strictly comply or that is fraudulent, forged or otherwise not entitled to honor or 

(xiii) honor of a presentation that is subsequently determined by the L C Issuer to have been made in violation of international, federal, state or local restrictions on the transaction of business with certain prohibited Persons. 
 (k) Upon the request of the Agent, (i) if the L C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L C Obligation that remains outstanding, or (ii) if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, the Borrowers shall, in each case, immediately Cash Collateralize the then Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations. Sections 2.05 and 8.02(c) set forth certain additional requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. For purposes of this Section 2.03 , Section 2.05 and Section 8.02(c) , Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Agent, for the benefit of the L C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances in an amount equal to 103 of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations (other than L C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit denominated in a currency other than Dollars, which L C Obligations shall be Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to 115 of the Outstanding Amount of such L C Obligations), pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the L C Issuer (which documents are hereby Consented to by the Lenders). The Borrowers hereby grant to the Agent a security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing. Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Wells Fargo except that Permitted Investments of the type listed in clauses (a) through (f) of the definition thereof may be made at the request of the Lead Borrower at the option and in the sole discretion of the Agent (and at the Borrowers risk and expense) interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. If at any time the Agent determines that any funds held as Cash Collateral are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Agent or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, the Borrowers will, forthwith upon demand by the Agent, pay to the Agent, as additional funds to be deposited as Cash Collateral, an amount equal to the excess of (x) such aggregate Outstanding Amount over (y) the total amount of funds, if any, then held as Cash Collateral that the Agent determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which funds are on deposit as Cash Collateral, such funds shall be applied, to the extent permitted under applicable Laws, to reimburse the L C Issuer and, to the extent not so applied, shall thereafter be applied to satisfy other Obligations. 
 (l) The Borrowers shall pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Margin times the daily Stated Amount under each such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit). For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of the Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each month commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, and after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, on demand, and (ii) computed on a monthly basis in arrears. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate as provided in Section 2.08(b) hereof. 
 (m) In addition to the Letter of Credit Fees as set forth in Section 2.03(l) above, the Borrowers shall pay immediately upon demand to the Agent for the account of the L C Issuer as non-refundable fees, commissions, and charges (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such 

fees, commissions, and charges to the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.02(d) shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this Section 2.03(m)) (i) a fronting fee which shall be imposed by the L C Issuer upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit of .125 per annum of the face amount thereof, plus (ii) any and all other customary commissions, fees and charges then in effect imposed by, and any and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by, the L C Issuer, or by any adviser, confirming institution or entity or other nominated person, relating to Letters of Credit, at the time of issuance of any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including transfers, assignments of proceeds, amendments, drawings, renewals or cancellations). 
 (n) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L C Issuer and the Borrowers when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the ISP and the UCP shall apply to each Standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each Commercial Letter of Credit. 
 (o) The L C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in Article IX included the L C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L C Issuer. 
 (p) In the event of a direct conflict between the provisions of this Section 2.03 and any provision contained in any Issuer Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 2.03 shall control and govern. 
 (q) With respect to any Letters of Credit that remain outstanding after repayment in full of all other Obligations and the termination of this Agreement, the provisions of this Section 2.03 shall continue in full force and effect so long as any such Letters of Credit remain outstanding and any amounts drawn thereunder remain unpaid (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, obligations of any Lender under clauses (a), (d) and (e) of this Section 2.03) . 
 2.04 Swing Line Loans . 
 (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender may, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Borrowers from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Committed Loans and L C Obligations of the Lender acting as Swing Line Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender s Commitment provided , however , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed Loan Cap, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Committed Loans of any Lender at such time, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations at such time, plus such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans at such time shall not exceed such Lender s Commitment, and provided , further , that the Borrowers shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing 

Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.04 , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.04 . Each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest only at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. The Swing Line Lender shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Swing Line Lender in connection with Swing Line Loans made by it or proposed to be made by it as if the term Agent as used in Article IX included the Swing Line Lender with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Lead Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Agent at the request of the Required Lenders prior to 2 00 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender may, not later than 3 00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrowers at its office by crediting the account of the Lead Borrower on the books of the Swing Line Lender in immediately available funds. 
 (c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 
 (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrowers (which hereby irrevocably authorize the Swing Line Lender to so request on their behalf), that each Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lender's Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Swing Line Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02 , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Loan Cap and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Lead Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice available to the Agent in immediately available funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified by the Swing Line Lender, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Lender that so makes funds available shall 

be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrowers in such amount. The Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Committed Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i) , the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lender s payment to the Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
 (iii) If any Lender fails to make available to the Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv) Each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrowers or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing provided , however , that each Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrowers to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such 

amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate. The Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrowers for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrowers shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
 2.05 Prepayments . 
 (a) The Borrowers may, upon irrevocable notice from the Lead Borrower to the Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. (A) three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans (ii) any prepayment of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
 (b) The Borrowers may, upon irrevocable notice from the Lead Borrower to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Lead Borrower, the Borrowers shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (c) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Loan Cap as then in effect, the Borrowers shall immediately prepay Loans, Swing Line Loans and or Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided , however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Loan Cap as then in effect. 

(d) After the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, the Borrowers shall prepay the Loans and Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations with the proceeds and collections received by the Loan Parties to the extent so required under the provisions of Section 6.13 hereof. 
 (e) Prepayments made pursuant to Section 2.05(c) and (d) above, first , shall be applied to the Swing Line Loans, second , shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Committed Loans, third , shall be used to Cash Collateralize the remaining L C Obligations and, fourth, the amount remaining, if any, after the prepayment in full of all Swing Line Loans and Committed Loans outstanding at such time and the Cash Collateralization of the remaining L C Obligations in full may be retained by the Borrowers for use in the ordinary course of business. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit that has been Cash Collateralized, the funds held as Cash Collateral shall be applied (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party) to reimburse the L C Issuer or the Lenders, as applicable. 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments. 
 (a) The Borrowers may, upon irrevocable notice from the Lead Borrower to the Agent, terminate the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit or from time to time permanently reduce in part the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Agent not later than 12 00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrowers shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, and (C) the Swing Line Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, and to any concurrent payments hereunder, the Outstanding Amount of Swing Line Loans hereunder would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lead Borrower may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Aggregate Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of the credit facility established under the Loan Documents, which refinancing is not consummated or is otherwise delayed. 
 (b) If, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Commitments, such Letter of Credit Sublimit or Swing Line Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 
 (c) The Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, Swing Line Sublimit or the Aggregate Commitments under this Section 2.06 . Upon any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments, the Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such reduction amount. All fees (including, without limitation, commitment fees and Letter of Credit Fees) and interest in respect of the Aggregate Commitments accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 (d) In connection with any reduction in the Aggregate Commitments prior to the Maturity Date, if any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock, the Borrowers shall 

deliver to the Agent an updated Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender), duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as the Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable the Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the FRB . 
 2.07 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) The Borrowers shall repay to the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans outstanding on such date. 
 (b) To the extent not previously paid, the Borrowers shall repay the outstanding balance of the Swing Line Loans on the Termination Date. 
 2.08 Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.08(b) below and Section 3.03 (b) , (i) each LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 (b) If any Event of Default exists, then the Agent may, and upon the written request of the Required Lenders shall, notify the Lead Borrower in writing that all outstanding Obligations shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate and thereafter such Obligations shall bear interest at the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 2.09 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (l) and (m) of Section 2.03 
 (a) Commitment Fee . The Borrowers shall pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a commitment fee calculated on a per annum basis equal to the Commitment Fee Rate times the actual daily amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the Total Outstandings. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the first day after the end of each quarter, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The commitment fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears. 
 (b) Other Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Engagement Letter, dated as of February 19, 2021, among, Lead 

Borrower, Parent and Wells Fargo (the Engagement Letter ). Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees Term SOFR Conforming Changes . 
 (a) . All computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed, except that interest computed by reference to the Base Rate at times when the Base Rate is based on the Wells Fargo s prime rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). Interest shall accrue on each outstanding Loan beginning, and including the day, such Loan is made and until (but not including) the day on which such Loan (or such portion thereof) is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 (b) In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document , any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document . The Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR . 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by the Agent (the Loan Account in the ordinary course of business. In addition, each Lender may record in such Lender s internal records, an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each Loan from such Lender, each payment and prepayment of principal of any such Loan, and each payment of interest, fees and other amounts due in connection with the Obligations due to such Lender. The accounts or records maintained by the Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. Upon receipt of an affidavit of a Lender as to the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of such Lender s Note and upon cancellation of such Note, the Borrowers will issue, in lieu thereof, a replacement Note in favor of such Lender, in the same principal amount thereof and otherwise of like tenor. 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in Section 2.11(a) , each Lender and the Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Agent and the accounts and 

records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 2.12 Payments Generally Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2 00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Subject to Section 2.14 hereof, the Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Agent after 2 00 p.m., at the option of the Agent, shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (b) Funding by Lenders Presumption by Agent . Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans (or in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12 00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrowers severally agree to pay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrowers to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrowers, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrowers and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrowers the amount of such interest paid by the Borrowers for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrowers shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrowers may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Agent. 
 (i) Payments by Borrowers Presumptions by Agent . Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Lead Borrower prior to the time at which any payment is due to the Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L C Issuer hereunder that the Borrowers will not make such payment, the Agent may assume that the Borrowers have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. With Respect to any payment that the Agent makes for the account of the 

Lenders or any L C Issuer hereunder as to which the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Borrowers have not in fact made such payment (2) the Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrowers (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the Lenders or the applicable L C Issuer(s), as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 A notice of the Agent to any Lender or the Lead Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrowers by the Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof (subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 4.02 hereof), the Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments hereunder are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment hereunder on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment hereunder. 
 (e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Credit Party shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of, interest on, or other amounts with respect to, any of the Obligations resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Obligations greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein (including as in contravention of the priorities of payment set forth in Section 8.03 ), then the Credit Party receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Obligations of the other Credit Parties, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Credit Parties ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective amounts owing them, provided that 
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations 

shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Loan Parties pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 
 2.14 Settlement Amongst Lenders . 
 (a) The amount of each Lender s Applicable Percentage of outstanding Loans (including outstanding Swing Line Loans) shall be computed weekly (or more frequently in the Agent s discretion) and shall be adjusted upward or downward based on all Loans (including Swing Line Loans) and repayments of Loans (including Swing Line Loans) received by the Agent as of 3 00 p.m. on the first Business Day (such date, the Settlement Date following the end of the period specified by the Agent. 
 (b) The Agent shall deliver to each of the Lenders promptly after a Settlement Date a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans for the period and the amount of repayments received for the period. As reflected on the summary statement, (i) the Agent shall transfer to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of repayments, and (ii) each Lender shall transfer to the Agent (as provided below) or the Agent shall transfer to each Lender, such amounts as are necessary to insure that, after giving effect to all such transfers, the amount of Committed Loans made by each Lender shall be equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of all Committed Loans outstanding as of such Settlement Date. If the summary statement requires transfers to be made to the Agent by the Lenders and is received prior to 1 00 p.m. on a Business Day, such transfers shall be made in immediately available funds no later than 3 00 p.m. that day and, if received after 1 00 p.m., then no later than 3 00 p.m. on the next Business Day. The obligation of each Lender to transfer such funds is irrevocable, unconditional and without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. If and to the extent any Lender shall not have so made its transfer to the Agent, such Lender agrees to pay to the Agent, forthwith on demand such amount, together with interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is paid to the Agent, equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Agent in connection with the foregoing. 
 2.15 Increase in Commitments . 
 (a) Request for Increase . Provided no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise therefrom, upon notice to the Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Lead Borrower may from time to time request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 100,000,000 (each such increase, a Commitment Increase provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000 and (ii) the Lead Borrower may make a maximum of three such requests. At the time of sending such notice, the Lead 

Borrower (in consultation with the Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond to the Agent (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders). 
 (b) Lender Elections to Increase . Each Lender shall notify the Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. 
 (c) Notification by Agent Additional Lenders . The Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), to the extent that the existing Lenders decline to increase their Commitments, or decline to increase their Commitments to the amount requested by the Lead Borrower, the Agent, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, will use its reasonable efforts to arrange for other Eligible Assignees to become a Lender hereunder and to issue commitments in an amount equal to the amount of the increase in the Aggregate Commitments requested by the Lead Borrower and not accepted by the existing Lenders (and the Lead Borrower may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders) (each, an Additional Commitment Lender ), provided , however , that without the consent of the Agent, at no time shall the Commitment of any Additional Commitment Lender be less than 5,000,000. 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Aggregate Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section, the Agent, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date and on the Increase Effective Date (i) the Aggregate Commitments under, and for all purposes of, this Agreement shall be increased by the aggregate amount of such Commitment Increases, and (ii) Schedule 2.01 shall be deemed modified, without further action, to reflect the revised Commitments and Applicable Percentages of the Lenders. 
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Commitment Increase . As a condition precedent to such Commitment Increase, (i) the Lead Borrower shall deliver to the Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such Commitment Increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrowers, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such Commitment Increase, (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, they shall be true and correct in all respects, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (2) no Default or Event of Default exists or would arise therefrom, (ii) the Borrowers, the Agent, and any Additional Commitment Lender shall have executed and delivered a Joinder to the Loan Documents in such form as the Agent shall reasonably require (iii) the Borrowers shall have paid such fees and other compensation to the Additional Commitment Lenders as the Lead Borrower and such Additional 

Commitment Lenders shall agree (iv) the Borrowers shall have paid such arrangement fees to the Agent as the Lead Borrower and the Agent may agree (v) if requested by the Agent, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Agent and the Lenders an opinion or opinions, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, from counsel to the Borrowers reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and dated such date (vi) the Borrowers and the Additional Commitment Lender shall have delivered such other instruments, documents and agreements as the Agent may reasonably have requested (vii) no Default or Event of Default exists and (viii) if any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Agent an updated Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender), duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as the Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable the Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the FRB. The Borrowers shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section. 
 (f) MIRE Events . Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 2.15 to the contrary, each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that, in the event that any improved Real Estate of the Loan Parties is subject to a Mortgage at the time of any proposed MIRE Event, such MIRE Event shall be subject to satisfaction of the requirements set forth in clause (f) of the definition of Real Estate Eligibility Requirements provided that , in the event that any Lender has not completed flood diligence with respect to such Real Estate within the time period set forth in such clause (f), such MIRE Event may be provided by Lenders and Eligible Assignees other than such Lender. 
 (g) Conflicting Provisions . This Section shall supersede any provisions in Sections 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 
 2.16 Foreign Sub-Facility. 
 (a) Request for Foreign Sub-Facility . The Lead Borrower may at any time and from time to time request that a sub-facility for one or more of the Subsidiaries of the Parent organized in Europe or Canada be established in an amount to be agreed by the Lead Borrower, the Agent and the Required Lenders (the Foreign Sub-Facility provided that the Aggregate Commitments to the Lead Borrower and such European Subsidiaries or Canadian Subsidiaries shall not exceed 400,000,000 or such greater amount to which the Commitments are increased pursuant to Section 2.15 hereof, and provided further that the amount available to be borrowed under all Foreign Sub-Facilities in the aggregate shall not exceed the lesser of (i) 25 of the aggregate amount of the Borrowing Base and (ii) 100,000,000. In order to establish a Foreign Sub-Facility, the Lead Borrower shall provide a notice to the Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders) (each, a Sub-Facility Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Foreign Sub-Facility (which shall be determined in consultation with the Agent) which shall be identical to the terms set forth in this Agreement applicable to the Loan Parties, except that (i) the credit extensions made to the European Subsidiaries or the Canadian Subsidiaries shall not exceed the lesser of the amount agreed by the Lead Borrower, the Agent and the Required Lenders or the European borrowing base or Canadian borrowing base (in each case, determined on the basis of eligibility criteria and advance rates no less favorable to the Lenders than those applicable to the Borrowing Base), (ii) any credit extensions made to or for the benefit of the European Subsidiaries or Canadian Subsidiaries shall reduce the amount of credit extensions available to the Borrowers by a like amount, (iii) the European Subsidiaries may obtain credit extensions in Dollars, Pounds Sterling or Euros, and the Canadian Subsidiaries may obtain credit extensions in Dollars and Canadian Dollars, and such 

credit extensions shall bear interest at such rates as may be customary (as determined by the Agent and the Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion) for credit extensions made in Dollars, Pounds Sterling, and Euros to a Person organized under the Laws of the applicable European jurisdiction or in Dollars and Canadian Dollars to a Person organized under the Laws of Canada, (iv) all existing Loan Parties shall guaranty all obligations of the European Subsidiaries or Canadian Subsidiaries and secure such guaranty by Liens as required under the Security Documents provided that any such payments made on account of such guaranty or pursuant to the liquidation of such Collateral shall be applied first to the domestic Obligations before application to any obligations under such Foreign Sub-Facility), (v) each participating Lender shall obtain a risk participation in the credit extensions to the European Subsidiaries or Canadian Subsidiaries in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage, (vi) the Commitments of each Lender shall not be required to be increased from those existing on the date of establishment of the Foreign Sub-Facility, (vii) each European Subsidiary or the Canadian Subsidiary, as applicable, shall be obligated only for credit extensions made under the applicable Foreign Sub-Facility (and not for credit extensions made to the Borrowers) (viii) fees payable to the Lenders (and to other Persons who would constitute an Eligible Assignee) becoming a lender under the Foreign Sub-Facility shall be as agreed by the Lead Borrower, the Agent and such Lender, and (ix) such other modifications as the Agent and the Required Lenders in their reasonable discretion deem customary for credit extensions under a Foreign Sub-Facility provided that , for the avoidance of doubt, any modifications that would otherwise require the Consent of all Lenders pursuant to Section 10.01 hereof shall be subject to such Consent). 
 (b) Response of Lenders . At the time of sending a Sub-Facility Request, the Lead Borrower (in consultation with the Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such Sub-Facility Request to the Lenders). Each Lender shall notify the Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to participate in the Foreign Sub-Facility and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its Applicable Percentage of such Foreign Sub-Facility. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to participate in such Foreign Sub-Facility. The Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender of the Lenders responses to such Sub-Facility Request. To achieve the full amount of the Foreign Sub-Facility and subject to the approval of the Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), to the extent that the existing Lenders decline to participate in such Foreign Sub-Facility, or decline to provide such Foreign Sub-Facility in the amount requested by the Lead Borrower, the Agent, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, will use its reasonable efforts to arrange for other Additional Commitment Lenders to issue commitments in an amount equal to such Foreign Sub-Facility. In lieu of the foregoing, the Agent, subject to the terms of this Section 2.16 , may establish such Foreign Sub-Facility as a swingline facility provided by the Agent and containing settlement provisions, if any, to be agreed between the Agent and the Lead Borrower. 
 (c) Foreign Sub-Facility Amendment . The Foreign Sub-Facility shall be established pursuant to an amendment to, or amendment and restatement of, this Agreement among the Lead Borrower, the European Subsidiaries or the Canadian Subsidiaries, as applicable, the Agent (with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Lenders participating in such Foreign Sub-Facility, which shall be consistent with the provisions set forth in Sections 2.16(a) , above. The effectiveness of any such amendment shall be subject to (i) reasonably satisfactory due diligence review by the Agent and the Lenders participating in such Foreign Sub-Facility, (ii) approval of the Agent, and credit approval of the Lenders participating in such Foreign Sub-Facility, and (iii) receipt by the Agent of (x) legal opinions, board resolutions and officers certificates substantially consistent with those delivered on the Closing Date and (y) such amendments to the then existing Security Documents, and the execution of new 

Security Documents by the European Subsidiaries or the Canadian Subsidiaries, as applicable, as may be reasonably requested by the Agent to effectuate such Foreign Sub-Facility. The Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of such amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended pursuant to such an amendment, without the consent of any other Lenders (except as set forth above), to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to (i) reflect the existence and terms of the Foreign Sub-Facility (to the extent consistent with this Section 2.16 and (ii) effect such other amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Agent and the Lead Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section, and the Required Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Agent to enter into any such amendment. 
 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY APPOINTMENT OF LEAD BORROWER 
 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 (b) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment by the applicable Loan Party to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Lead Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Agent), or by the Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Agent for such 

Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.01 , such Loan Party shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 
 (g) Status of Lenders . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax under the Law of the jurisdiction in which the applicable Loan Party is resident for Tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Lead Borrower or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Agent as will enable the Lead Borrower or the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing 
 (A) Any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Agent), executed originals of a duly completed IRS Form W-9 (or any equivalent or successor form) certifying that such Lender is exempt from United States federal backup withholding Tax 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this 

Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income Tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of a duly completed IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as applicable (or any equivalent or successor form) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, United States federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such Tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, executed originals of a duly completed IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as applicable (or any equivalent or successor form), establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, United States federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such Tax treaty 
 (2) executed originals of a duly completed IRS Form W-8ECI (or any equivalent or successor form) 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrowers within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) executed originals of a duly completed IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as applicable (or any equivalent or successor form) or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY (or any equivalent or successor form), accompanied by executed originals of a duly completed IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or W-8BEN, as applicable, or IRS Form W-9 (or any equivalent or successor forms), a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3 , and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Lead Borrower or the Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States federal withholding Tax, duly 

completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Lead Borrower or the Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to United States federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Lead Borrower and the Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Lead Borrower or the Agent as may be necessary for the Lead Borrower and the Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update and execute such form or certification and provide executed originals to the Lead Borrower and the Agent or promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.01 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this Section 3.01(h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (i) For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the effective date of this Agreement, the Borrowers and the Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Agent to treat) this Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 

(j) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 3.02 Illegality . Subject to the provisions set forth in Section 3.03(b) below, if If any Lender determines that any change in market conditions or any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund LIBOR SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) , or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the LIBOR Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or SOFR , then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Lead Borrower through the Agent, any obligation of such Lender to make or continue LIBOR SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) or to convert Base Rate Loans to LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Agent and the Lead Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers if necessary to avoid such illegality , (i) in the case of any SOFR Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the Lead Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (and if applicable , without reference to Term SOFR) , either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such LIBOR Rate Loans SOFR Loans, and (ii) in the case of any such Base Rate Loans of such Lender that are outstanding and that are determined with reference to Term SOFR, interest upon the Base Rate Loans of such Lender after the date specified in such Lender s notice shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates Benchmark Replacement Setting. 
 (a) Inability to Determine Rates General . Subject to the provisions set forth in Section 3.03(b) below , if the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (i) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such LIBOR Rate Loan, (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the LIBOR Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBOR Rate Loan, or (iii) the LIBOR Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed LIBOR Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, Adjusted Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period , then the Agent will promptly so notify the Lead Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain LIBOR Rate Loans any SOFR Loan, and any right of the Borrower to convert any Loan or continue any Loan as a SOFR Loan, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loans or the affected Interest Periods) until the Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein . , and (B) any outstanding 

affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted into Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 (b) Benchmark Replacement Setting. 
 (i) (A) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Contract shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 3.03(b) if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a)(1) or (a)(2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a)(3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to , or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (i) (B) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Term SOFR upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will , the Agent and the Lead Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to , this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided that this clause B shall not be effective unless the Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Lead Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after a Term SOFR Transition Event and may elect or not elect to do so in its sole discretion. with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Lead Borrower so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from the Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 

time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. In the event that an amendment to this Agreement is entered into in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, such amendment shall be at no cost to the Loan Parties other than the reimbursement of the Agent s costs and expenses as contemplated by Section 10.04(a) 
 (iii) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Agent will promptly notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date , (B) the the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , and C B the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes , (D) in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement . The Agent will notify the Lead Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 3.03(b)(iv) below and E y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) . 
 (iv) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR or USD LIBOR Reference Rate and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will be no longer not be representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will no longer not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (v) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Lead Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (1) the Lead Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or 

continuation of SOFR Loans bearing interest based on the then-current Benchmark, which Loans are to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Lead Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans , and (2) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period . During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 (vi) London Interbank Offered Rate Benchmark Transition Event . On March 5, 2021, the IBA, the administrator of the London interbank offered rate, and the FCA, the regulatory supervisor of the IBA, made the Announcements that the final publication or representativeness date for (I) 1-week and 2-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be December 31, 2021 and (II) overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be June 30, 2023. No successor administrator for the IBA was identified in such Announcements. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the Announcements resulted in the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the London interbank offered rate pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and that any obligation of the Agent to notify any parties of such Benchmark Transition Event pursuant to clause (iii) of this Section 3.03(b) shall be deemed satisfied. 
 3.04 Increased Costs Reserves on LIBOR Rate Loans . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any (i) Change in Law, or (ii) compliance by any Lender or the L C Issuer with any direction, request, or requirement (irrespective of whether having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority or monetary authority (including Regulation D of the FRB), shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the LIBOR Rate) or the L C Issuer 
 (ii) subject any Lender or the L C Issuer to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or any LIBOR Rate Loan made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender or the L C Issuer in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes covered by Section 3.01 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender or the L C Issuer) or 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or the L C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any LIBOR SOFR Loan (or any Base Rate Loan determined with reference to Term SOFR) (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such SOFR Loan or Base Rate Loan), or to 

increase the cost to such Lender or the L C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or the L C Issuer, the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered, together with interest on such amount from the date of such demand until payment in full thereof at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loan hereunder. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or the L C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the L C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the L C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or the L C Issuer or such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the L C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L C Issuer or such Lender s or the L C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or the L C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Lead Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error provided that such amount shall be consistent with return metrics applied in determining amounts that such Lender or L C Issuer has required other similarly situated borrowers or obligors to pay with respect to such increased costs or reduced returns. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the L C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Lead Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the L C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (e) Reserves on LIBOR Rate Loans . The Borrowers shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each LIBOR Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Lead Borrower shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with 

a copy to the Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to th e Agent) from time to time, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (b) any failure by the Borrowers (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Lead Borrower or 
 (c) any assignment of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Lead Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 
 (d) including any loss of anticipated profits on account of interest payments that would otherwise have been made with respect to such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrowers shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrowers to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each LIBOR Rate Loan made by it at the LIBOR Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such LIBOR Rate Loan was in fact so funded. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither the Agent, nor any Lender, nor any of their Participants, is required to acquire eurodollar deposits to fund or otherwise actually to match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues based on the LIBOR at Adjusted Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 A certificate of the Agent or a Lender delivered to the Lead Borrower setting forth the amount that the Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3.05 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such amount to the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 3.06 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 

3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , the Borrowers may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 
 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 
 3.08 Designation of Lead Borrower as Borrowers Agent. 
 (a) Each Borrower hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Lead Borrower as such Borrower s agent to obtain Credit Extensions, the proceeds of which shall be available to each Borrower for such uses as are permitted under this Agreement. As the disclosed principal for its agent, each Borrower shall be obligated to each Credit Party on account of Credit Extensions so made as if made directly by the applicable Credit Party to such Borrower, notwithstanding the manner by which such Credit Extensions are recorded on the books and records of the Lead Borrower and of any other Borrower. In addition, each Loan Party other than the Borrowers hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Lead Borrower as such Loan Party s agent to represent such Loan Party in all respects under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (b) Each Borrower recognizes that credit available to it hereunder is in excess of and on better terms than it otherwise could obtain on and for its own account and that one of the reasons therefor is its joining in the credit facility contemplated herein with all other Borrowers. Consequently, each Borrower hereby assumes and agrees to discharge all Obligations of each of the other Borrowers. 
 (c) The Lead Borrower shall act as a conduit for each Borrower (including itself, as a Borrower on whose behalf the Lead Borrower has requested a Credit Extension. Neither the Agent nor any other Credit Party shall have any obligation to see to the application of such proceeds therefrom. 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
 4.01 Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement and any Credit Extension . The effectiveness of this Agreement on the Closing Date and the obligation of the L C Issuer and each Lender to make any Credit Extension hereunder on the Closing Date are was subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, telecopies or other electronic image scan transmission (e.g., pdf or tif via e-mail) (followed promptly by originals the provision of which is reasonable and customary) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party or the Lenders, as applicable, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent 

(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement sufficient in number for distribution to the Agent, each Lender and the Lead Borrower 
 (ii) a Note executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting a Note 
 (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Agent may require evidencing (A) the authority of each Loan Party to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to become a party and (B) the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or is to become a party 
 (iv) copies of each Loan Party s Organization Documents and such other documents and certifications as the Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each Loan Party is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to so qualify in such jurisdiction could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (v) a satisfactory opinion of Vorys, Sater, Seymour & Pease LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Agent and each Lender, as to such matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Agent may reasonably request 
 (vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.01(b) , 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on the Closing Date, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since January 30, 2021 that has had or would be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (C) to the Solvency of the Loan Parties taken as a whole as of the Closing Date after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and (D) either that (1) no consents, licenses or approvals are required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, or (2) that all such consents, licenses and approvals have been obtained and are in full force and effect 
 (vii) evidence that all insurance required to be maintained pursuant to the Loan Documents and all endorsements in favor of the Agent required under the Loan Documents have been obtained and are in effect 
 (viii) reserved 
 (ix) the Security Documents and copies of certificates evidencing any stock being pledged thereunder (to the extent not delivered prior to the Closing Date), together with undated stock powers executed in blank (the originals of which shall be delivered to the Notes Collateral Agent promptly following the Closing Date), each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties 

(x) the Confirmation Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date duly executed by the Loan Parties 
 (xi) all other Loan Documents, each duly executed by the applicable Loan Parties 
 (xii) results of searches or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Agent (in each case dated as of a date reasonably satisfactory to the Agent) indicating the absence of Liens on the assets of the Loan Parties, except for Permitted Encumbrances and Liens for which termination statements and releases, satisfactions and discharges of any mortgages, or subordination agreements satisfactory to the Agent are being tendered concurrently with such extension of credit or other arrangements satisfactory to the Agent for the delivery of such termination statements and releases, satisfactions and discharges have been made 
 (xiii) all documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by law or reasonably requested by the Agent to be filed, registered or recorded to create or perfect the Liens intended to be created under the Loan Documents and all such documents and instruments shall have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date are so filed, registered or recorded to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent and 
 (xiv) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Agent reasonably may require. 
 (b) On the Closing Date after giving effect to (i) the funding under the Loans and (ii) all Letters of Credit to be issued at, or immediately subsequent to the Closing Date, Availability shall be not less than 225,000,000. It is understood and agreed that for purposes of calculating Availability under this clause (b), the Borrowing Base shall be determined using the Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Agent in February 2021. 
 (c) reserved . 
 (d) The Agent shall be reasonably satisfied that any financial statements delivered to it fairly present the business and financial condition of the Loan Parties and that there has been no Material Adverse Effect since the date of the Audited Financial Statements. 
 (e) The Agent shall have received and be satisfied with (i) detailed financial projections and business assumptions for the Parent and its Subsidiaries on (x) a quarterly basis for the remainder of the 2021 Fiscal Year and (y) on an annual basis, for the two Fiscal Years thereafter, including, in each case, a Consolidated income statement, balance sheet, statement of cash flow and Availability analysis, and (b) such other information (financial or otherwise) reasonably requested by the Agent. 
 (f) The consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall not violate any applicable Law or any Organization Document. 
 (g) All fees and expenses required to be paid to the Agent or the Arrangers hereunder on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full, and all fees and expenses 

required to be paid to the Lenders hereunder on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid in full. 
 (h) The Borrowers shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Agent to the extent required to be paid hereunder and invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the Closing Date provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrowers and the Agent). 
 (i) The Agent and the Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation the Patriot Act in each case, the results of which are reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 
 (j) The Loan Parties shall not have any Indebtedness for borrowed money outstanding as of the Closing Date other than (a) the Obligations, (b) the obligations under the Notes Facility and (c) Permitted Indebtedness. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have Consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be Consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice requesting only a continuation of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans) and each L C Issuer to issue each Letter of Credit is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of each Loan Party contained in Article V or in any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except (i) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, (ii) in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, they shall be true and correct in all respects, and (iii) for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 
 (b) No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof 
 (c) The Agent and, if applicable, the L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension or an updated Borrowing Base Certificate, as applicable, in accordance with the requirements hereof and 
 (d) No Overadvance shall result from such Credit Extension. 

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan Notice requesting only a continuation of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans) submitted by the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrowers that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. The conditions set forth in this Section 4.02 are for the sole benefit of the Credit Parties but until the Required Lenders otherwise direct the Agent to cease making Loans and issuing Letters of Credit, the Lenders will fund their Applicable Percentage of all Loans and participate in all Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit whenever made or issued, which are requested by the Lead Borrower and which, notwithstanding the failure of the Loan Parties to comply with the provisions of this Article IV , agreed to by the Agent, provided , however , the making of any such Loans or the issuance of any Letters of Credit shall not be deemed a modification or waiver by any Credit Party of the provisions of this Article IV on any future occasion or a waiver of any rights or the Credit Parties as a result of any such failure to comply. 
 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 To induce the Credit Parties to enter into this Agreement and to make Loans and to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Agent and the other Credit Parties that 
 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. Each Loan Party and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof (a) is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or limited partnership, duly incorporated, organized or formed, validly existing and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization, or formation (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, where applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.01 annexed hereto sets forth, as of the Closing Date, each Loan Party s name as it appears in official filings in its state of incorporation or organization, its state of incorporation or organization, organization type, organization number, if any, issued by its state of incorporation or organization, and its federal employer identification number. 
 5.02 Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and does not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person's Organization Documents (b) conflict with or result in any breach, termination, or contravention of, or constitute a default under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Contract or any Material Indebtedness to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject (c) result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any asset of any Loan Party (other than Liens in favor of the Agent under the Security Documents and Liens in favor of the Notes Collateral Agent under the Notes Documents) or (d) violate any Law. 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or 

enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (a) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Security Documents (having the priority or set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement), (b) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (c) any reports which any Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC in connection herewith. 
 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 5.05 Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (iii) show all Material Indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for Taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. 
 (b) Reserved. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) The Consolidated forecasted balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Loan Parties best estimate of its future financial performance. 
 5.06 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of its properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.07 No Default . No Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary is in default under or with respect to, or party to, any Material Contract or any Material Indebtedness. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

5.08 Ownership of Property 
 (a) Each of the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary thereof has good record and marketable title in fee simple to or valid leasehold interests (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) in, all Real Estate necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary has (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use all personal property and assets material to the ordinary conduct of its business. 
 (b) Schedule 5.08(b)(1) sets forth the address as of the Closing Date (including street address, county and state) of all Real Estate that is owned by the Loan Parties, together with a list of the holders of any mortgage or other Lien thereon as of the Closing Date. Each Loan Party and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has good, marketable and insurable fee simple title to the Real Estate owned by such Loan Party or such Restricted Subsidiary, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances, except for such defects in title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expect to have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 5.08(b)(2) sets forth the address (including street address, county and state) of all Leases of the Loan Parties, together with a list of the lessor and its contact information with respect to each such Lease as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing Date, each of such Leases is in full force and effect in all material respects and the Loan Parties are not in material default of the terms thereof (other than in connection with any store closings permitted hereunder). 
 5.09 Environmental Compliance 
 (a) No Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability, except, in each case, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Except as otherwise set forth in Schedule 5.09 , to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, none of the properties currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is listed or proposed for listing on the NPL or on the CERCLIS or any analogous foreign, state or local list or is adjacent to any such property there are no and never have been any underground or above-ground storage tanks or any surface impoundments, septic tanks, pits, sumps or lagoons in which Hazardous Materials are being or have been treated, stored or disposed on any property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, on any property formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary thereof to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there is no asbestos or asbestos-containing material on any property currently owned or operated by any Loan Party or Restricted Subsidiary thereof in violation of any Environmental Law and Hazardous Materials have not been released, discharged or disposed of on any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof in violation of any Environmental Law. 
 (c) Except as otherwise set forth on Schedule 5.09 , no Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is undertaking, and no Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof has completed, either individually or together with other potentially responsible parties, any investigation or assessment or remedial or response action relating to any actual or threatened release, discharge or disposal of 

Hazardous Materials at any site, location or operation, either voluntarily or pursuant to the order of any Governmental Authority or the requirements of any Environmental Law and, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, all Hazardous Materials generated, used, treated, handled or stored at, or transported to or from, any property currently or formerly owned or operated by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof have been disposed of in a manner not reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.10 Insurance . The properties of the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Loan Parties, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks (including, without limitation, workmen s compensation, public liability, business interruption and property damage insurance) as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Loan Parties or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary operates. Schedule 5.10 sets forth a description of all material insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date. As of the Closing Date, each insurance policy listed on Schedule 5.10 is in full force and effect and all premiums in respect thereof that are due and payable have been paid. 
 5.11 Taxes . The Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except, in each case, (i) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings being diligently conducted, for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, as to which Taxes no Lien has been filed and which contest effectively suspends the collection of the contested obligation and the enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, or (ii) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, there is no proposed Tax assessment against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof is a party to any Tax sharing agreement. 
 5.12 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) The Lead Borrower, each of its ERISA Affiliates, and each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state Laws except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination or opinion letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. The Loan Parties and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Plan subject to Sections 412 or 430 of the Code and to each Multiemployer Plan, and no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Sections 412 or 430 of the Code has been made with respect to any Plan. No Lien imposed under the Code or ERISA exists or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower is likely to arise on account of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or 

violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur (ii) no Pension Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA) (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 
 (d) Each Loan Party represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that each Loan Party is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments. 
 5.13 Subsidiaries Equity Interests. 
 As of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties have no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , which Schedule sets forth the legal name, jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and percentage of Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary. As the Closing Date, all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable (to the extent such concepts are applicable) and are owned by a Loan Party (or a Subsidiary of a Loan Party) in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Encumbrances. Except as set forth in Schedule 5.13 , there are no outstanding rights to purchase any Equity Interests in any Subsidiary. As of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties have no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13 . As of the Closing Date, all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Loan Parties have been validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable (to the extent such concepts are applicable) and are owned in the amounts specified on Part (c) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Encumbrances arising by operation of Law. As of the Closing Date the copies of the Organization Documents of each Loan Party and each amendment thereto provided pursuant to Section 4.01 are true and correct copies of each such document, each of which is valid and in full force and effect. 
 5.14 Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 
 (a) Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock or is engaged or will be engaged, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock. None of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used directly or indirectly for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, for the purpose of extending credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries expects to acquire any Margin Stock. 

(b) None of the Loan Parties, any Person Controlling any Loan Party, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 5.15 Disclosure . Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Agent and the Lenders all material agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading provided that , with respect to projected financial information, (a) the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time and (b) no representation or warranty is made as to the impact of future general economic conditions or as to whether the Loan Parties projected consolidated results as set forth in the projected financial information will actually be realized, it being recognized by the Lenders that such projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and that actual results for the periods covered by the projected financial information may differ materially from such financial projections. 
 5.16 Compliance with Laws . 
 (a) Each of the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance (A) in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (i) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (ii) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) with Section 10.17 . 
 (b) Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders that the products distributed by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries are (i) in compliance with the Controlled Substances Act, and (ii) in compliance in all material respects with the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, regulations of the Food & Drug Administration, and applicable state controlled substances laws. 
 5.17 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc. The Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the Intellectual Property, licenses, permits and other authorizations that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, the use by the Loan Parties of such Intellectual Property, licenses and permits does not conflict with the rights of any other Person. To the best knowledge of the Lead Borrower, no slogan or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary infringes upon any rights held by any other Person. Except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.17 , no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Lead Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.18 Labor Matters . 
 There are no strikes, lockouts, slowdowns or other material labor disputes against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, which either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act and any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign Law dealing with such matters except to the extent that any such violation would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act or similar state Law except to the extent that any such liability or obligations would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or properly accrued in accordance with GAAP as a liability on the books of such Loan Party. Except as filed with the SEC or as otherwise set forth on Schedule 5.18 , as of the Closing Date, no Loan Party is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement or any material management agreement, employment agreement, bonus, restricted stock, stock option, or stock appreciation plan or agreement or any similar plan, agreement or arrangement. There are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Loan Party s knowledge, threatened to be filed with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor organization or group of employees of any Loan Party has made a pending demand for recognition. There are no complaints, unfair labor practice charges, grievances, arbitrations, unfair employment practices charges or any other claims or complaints against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened to be filed with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of employment of any employee of any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents will not give rise to any right of termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any collective bargaining agreement to which any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is bound. 
 5.19 Security Documents . 
 (a) The Security Agreement creates in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties referred to therein, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable security interest in the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The financing statements, releases and other filings are in appropriate form and have been or will be filed in the offices specified in Schedule II of the Security Agreement. Upon such filings and or the obtaining of control, (as defined in the UCC) the Agent will have a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in all Collateral that may be perfected by filing, recording or registering a financing statement or analogous document (including without limitation the proceeds of such Collateral subject to the limitations relating to such proceeds in the UCC) or by obtaining control, under the UCC (in effect on the date this representation is made) in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, other than Permitted Encumbrances having priority over the Lien of the Agent under applicable Law. 

(b) The Mortgages create in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Credit Parties, a legal, valid, continuing and enforceable Lien in the Mortgaged Property (as defined in the Mortgages), the enforceability of which is subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. The Agent has a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, to and under all right, title and interest of the grantors under the Mortgages in all Mortgaged Property that may be perfected by such filing (including without limitation the proceeds of such Mortgaged Property), in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person, subject to Permitted Encumbrances. 
 5.20 Solvency . 
 After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and before and after giving effect to each Credit Extension, the Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a Consolidated basis, are Solvent. No transfer of property has been or will be made by any Loan Party and no obligation has been or will be incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of any Loan Party. 
 5.21 Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts Credit Card Arrangements . 
 (a) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(a) is a list of all DDAs and Securities Accounts maintained by the Loan Parties as of the Closing Date, which Schedule includes, with respect to each DDA and Securities Account (i) the name and address of the depository or securities intermediary, as applicable (ii) the account number(s) maintained with such depository (iii) a contact person at such depository or securities intermediary, as applicable, and (iv) the identification of each Blocked Account Bank or securities intermediary, as applicable. 
 (b) Annexed hereto as Schedule 5.21(b) is a list describing all arrangements as of the Closing Date to which any Loan Party is a party with respect to the processing and or payment to such Loan Party of the proceeds of any credit card charges and debit card charges for sales made by such Loan Party. 
 5.22 Brokers . No broker or finder brought about the obtaining, making or closing of the Loans or transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, and no Loan Party or Affiliate thereof has any obligation to any Person in respect of any finder s or brokerage fees in connection therewith. 
 5.23 Customer and Trade Relations . There exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened, termination or cancellation of, or any material adverse modification or change in the business relationship of any Loan Party with any supplier material to its operations that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.24 Material Contracts . The Loan Parties are not in breach or in default in any material respect of or under any Material Contract and have not received any notice of the intention of any other party thereto to terminate any Material Contract. 

5.25 Foreign Asset Control Regulations. 
 Neither of the advance of the Loans nor the use of the proceeds of any thereof will violate the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. 1 et seq., as amended) (the Trading With the Enemy Act or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) (the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, but shall not be limited to (a) Executive Order 13224 of September 21, 2001 Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)) (the Executive Order and (b) the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Public Law 107-56)). Furthermore, none of the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries (including Unrestricted Subsidiaries) and Affiliates (a) is or will become a blocked person as described in the Executive Order, the Trading With the Enemy Act or the Foreign Assets Control Regulations or (b) engages or will engage in any dealings or transactions, or be otherwise associated, with any such blocked person or with any Sanctioned Person or in any manner violative of any such order. Each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the Patriot Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used by the Loan Parties, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 
 5.26 OFAC Sanctions Beneficial Ownership. 
 No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, agent or Affiliate of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, (b) has any assets located in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of each such Loan Party, each director, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of each such Loan Party and each such Subsidiary, is in compliance with all Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws in all material respects. No proceeds of any loan made or Letter of Credit issued hereunder will be used to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, or otherwise used in any manner that would result in a violation of any applicable Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is true and correct in all respects. 
 5.27 Affected Financial Institution. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations for which a claim has not been asserted and (ii) Other Liabilities), or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Loan Parties shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , and 6.03 cause each Restricted Subsidiary to 

6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Agent, in form and detail satisfactory to the Agent 
 (a) within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Parent, a Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by the report with respect to such consolidated financial statements of an independent registered public accounting firm of recognized national standing which report shall be unqualified and shall (i) state that such registered public accounting firm conducted its audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), that such registered public accounting firm believes that such audits provide a reasonable basis for their report, and that in their opinion such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the results of their operations and their cash flows for such fiscal year in conformity with GAAP, or (ii) contain such statements as are customarily included in unqualified reports of independent accountants in conformity with the recommendations and requirements of The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or any successor organization) 
 (b) within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter of each Fiscal Year of the Parent, a Consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for the portion of the Parent s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and (B) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 
 (c) in the event that Availability is at any time less than the greater of (i) 17.5 of the Loan Cap and (ii) 50,000,000, as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Month of each Fiscal Year of the Parent, a consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Month, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Month, and for the portion of the Parent s Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for (A) such period set forth in the projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d) hereof, (B) the corresponding Fiscal Month of the previous Fiscal Year and (C) the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, Shareholders Equity and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Month in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes 

on or before March 5 of each year, forecasts prepared by management of the Lead Borrower, in form satisfactory to the Agent, of consolidated balance sheets and statements of income or operations and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a monthly basis for such Fiscal Year (including the Fiscal Year in which the Maturity Date occurs), and as soon as available, any significant revisions to such forecast with respect to such Fiscal Year. 
 6.02 Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Agent, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
 concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) and, if applicable, (c), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower, and in the event of any change in generally accepted accounting principles used in the preparation of such financial statements, the Lead Borrower shall also provide (i) a statement of reconciliation conforming such financial statements to GAAP and (ii) a copy of management s discussion and analysis with respect to such financial statements 
 (a) (i) so long as no Credit Extensions (other than L C Credit Extensions not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate) are outstanding hereunder, on the 15 th day of each Fiscal Quarter (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day), or (ii) if any Credit Extensions (other than L C Credit Extensions not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate) are outstanding hereunder, on the 15 th day of each Fiscal Month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day), a Borrowing Base Certificate showing the Borrowing Base as of the close of business as of the last day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Month, as applicable provided that the Appraised Value applied to the Eligible Inventory set forth in each Borrowing Base Certificate shall be the Appraised Value set forth in the most recent appraisal obtained by the Agent pursuant to Section 6.10 hereof for the applicable Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Month, as applicable, to which such Borrowing Base Certificate relates), each Borrowing Base Certificate to be certified as complete and correct by a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower provided that at any time that a Weekly Borrowing Base Delivery Event has occurred and is continuing, such Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered on Wednesday of each week (or, if Wednesday is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day), as of the close of business on the immediately preceding Saturday 
 (b) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Loan Parties, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which any Loan Party may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Agent pursuant hereto 
 (c) The financial and collateral reports described on Schedule 6.02 hereto, at the times set forth in such Schedule 
 (d) as soon as available, but in any event by July 31 of each year, a report summarizing the insurance coverage in effect for each Loan Party and its Restricted Subsidiaries and containing information consistent with past reports 

(e) promptly after the Agent s request therefor, and to the extent the same are disclosed in a filing with the SEC, copies of all Material Contracts and documents evidencing Material Indebtedness (other than intercompany Indebtedness among Loan Parties) 
 (f) promptly, and in any event within five Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction)) concerning any proceeding with, or investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such Governmental Authority regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof or any other matter which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (g) promptly after the Agent s or any Lender s request therefor, such information as requested pursuant to Section 10.17 hereof and 
 (h) promptly, such additional information regarding the business affairs, financial condition or operations of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (b), or (c) or Section 6.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Lead Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Lead Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Lead Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Agent) provided that (i) the Lead Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Agent or any Lender that requests the Lead Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Lead Borrower shall notify the Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance the Lead Borrower shall be required to provide paper copies of the Compliance Certificates required by Section 6.02(a) to the Agent. The Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Loan Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Agent will make available to the Lenders and the L C Issuer materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Loan Parties hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders i.e. , Lenders that do not wish to receive MNPI with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Loan Parties hereby agree that they will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (w) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (x) by marking Borrower Materials 

PUBLIC, the Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Agent, the Arrangers, the L C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any MNPI (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor and (z) the Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Investor. 
 The Loan Parties and the Agent hereby agree that the delivery of any Borrowing Base Certificate through the Portal, subject to the Agent s authentication process, by such other electronic method as may be approved by the Agent from time to time in its sole discretion, or by such other electronic input of information necessary to calculate the Borrowing Base as may be approved by the Agent from time to time in its sole discretion, shall in each case be deemed to satisfy the obligation of the Borrowers to deliver such Borrowing Base Certificate, with the same legal effect as if such Borrowing Base Certificate had been manually executed by the Borrowers and delivered to the Agent. 
 6.03 Notices . Promptly notify the Agent upon any Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default 
 (b) of any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (c) of any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof and any Governmental Authority or the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws, in each case if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (e) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof 
 (f) of any change in the Parent s chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer or treasurer 
 (g) of the discharge by any Loan Party of its present Registered Public Accounting Firm or any withdrawal or resignation by such Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 (h) of the filing of any Lien for unpaid Taxes against any Loan Party in excess of 1,000,000 
 (i) of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any interest in a material portion of the Collateral under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding or if any material portion of the Collateral is damaged or destroyed and 

(j) of any failure by any Loan Party to pay rent or such other amounts due at any of a Loan Party s locations if such failure continues for more than ten (10) days following the day on which such rent first came due and such failure would be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Lead Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Lead Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 6.04 Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its material obligations and liabilities, including, without limitation (a) all material Tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, (b) all material lawful claims (including, without limitation, claims of landlords, warehousemen, customs brokers, freight forwarders, consolidators and carriers) which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property and (c) all material Indebtedness that, if not paid, would constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(e) , as and when due and payable, but subject to any grace periods and subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness, except, in each case, where (i)(A) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (B) such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (C) such contest effectively suspends collection of the contested obligation and enforcement of any Lien securing such obligation, or (ii) the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Agent with respect to determining Reserves in its Permitted Discretion pursuant to this Agreement. 
 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or formation except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (c) preserve or renew all of its Intellectual Property, except to the extent such Intellectual Property is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties or the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . 
 (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. 
 (a) Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies reasonably acceptable to the Agent in its Permitted Discretion and not Affiliates of the Loan Parties, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business and operating in the same or similar locations or as is 

required by applicable Law, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance programs with respect to employment insurance and health insurance and with respect to amounts required to be paid by the Loan Parties by any insurer on account of any loss under property or liability insurance policies) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and as are reasonably acceptable to the Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 (b) Cause fire and extended coverage policies maintained with respect to any Collateral to be endorsed or otherwise amended to include (i) a mortgagee clause (regarding Real Estate) and a lenders loss payable clause (regarding personal property), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, which endorsements or amendments shall provide that the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Agent, (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, Credit Parties or any other Person shall be a co-insurer and (iii) such other customary provisions as the Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Cash Dominion Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Agent shall release any such proceeds received under clause (i) above to the Loan Parties. 
 (c) Cause commercial general liability policies to be endorsed to name the Agent as an additional insured. 
 (d) Cause business interruption policies to name the Agent as a loss payee and to be endorsed or amended to include (i) a provision that, from and after the Closing Date, after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, the insurer shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Loan Parties under the policies directly to the Agent, (ii) a provision to the effect that none of the Loan Parties, the Agent, or any other party shall be a co insurer and (iii) such other provisions as the Agent may reasonably require from time to time to protect the interests of the Credit Parties. 
 (e) Cause each such policy referred to in this Section 6.07 to also provide that it shall not be canceled, modified or not renewed (i) by reason of nonpayment of premium except upon not less than ten (10) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Agent (giving the Agent the right to cure defaults in the payment of premiums) or (ii) for any other reason except upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof by the insurer to the Agent. 
 (f) Deliver to the Agent, prior to the cancellation, modification or non-renewal of any such policy of insurance, a copy of a renewal or replacement policy (or other evidence of renewal of a policy previously delivered to the Agent, including an insurance binder) together with evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Agent of either payment of the premium therefor or that such premium is being financed. 
 (g) Maintain for themselves and their Subsidiaries, a Directors and Officers insurance policy, and a Blanket Crime policy with coverage and in amounts that are in accordance with past practice of the Loan Parties. 
 (h) With respect to any improved Real Estate subject to a Mortgage which Real Estate is located in an area identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a special flood hazard area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under applicable flood insurance laws, the applicable Loan Party (A) shall obtain and maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, such flood insurance in such reasonable amount as the Agent may from time to time reasonably require, and otherwise sufficient to comply with all 

applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the applicable flood insurance laws and (B) promptly upon the request of the Agent, will deliver to the Agent evidence of such compliance in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent, including evidence of annual renewals of such insurance. 
 None of the Credit Parties, or their agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.07 . Each Loan Party shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the Credit Parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against any Credit Party or its agents or employees. If, however, the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Loan Parties hereby agree, to the extent permitted by law, to waive their right of recovery, if any, against the Credit Parties and their agents and employees. The designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage by any Credit Party under this Section 6.07 shall in no event be deemed a representation, warranty or advice by such Credit Party that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the business of the Loan Parties or the protection of their properties. 
 6.08 Compliance with Laws. 
 (a) Comply (i) in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws (including, without limitation, the Controlled Substances Act) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees binding on and applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (A) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside and maintained by the Loan Parties in accordance with GAAP (B) such contest effectively suspends enforcement of the contested Laws, and (C) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) with Section 10.17 . 
 (b) Maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure that the products distributed by Loan Party and Subsidiaries are (i) in compliance with the Controlled Substances Act, and (ii) in all material respects in compliance with the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, regulations of the Food & Drug Administration, and applicable state controlled substances laws. 
 6.09 Books and Records Accountants 
 Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP (or IFRS, as applicable in all material respects) consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be and (ii) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Loan Parties or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. 
 6.10 Inspection Rights 
 (a) Permit representatives and, subject to the provisions of Section 10.07 hereof, independent contractors of the Agent, to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and so long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Registered Public Accounting Firm (at which the Lead Borrower has the right to be present), all at the expense of the Loan Parties and at such reasonable times during normal business hours upon 

reasonable advance notice to the Lead Borrower, and permit any Lender (at the sole cost and expense of such Lender) to participate in any such visit, inspection or discussion provided , however , that when a Default or Event of Default exists the Agent (or any of its representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Loan Parties at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. 
 (b) Upon the request of the Agent after reasonable prior notice, permit the Agent or professionals (including investment bankers, consultants, accountants, and lawyers) retained by the Agent to conduct commercial finance examinations including, without limitation, of (i) the Lead Borrower s practices in the computation of the Borrowing Base and (ii) the assets included in the Borrowing Base and related financial information such as, but not limited to, sales, gross margins, payables, accruals and reserves provided that , so long as no Credit Extensions (other than L C Credit Extensions not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate) are outstanding hereunder during any Fiscal Year, the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to any such examinations and evaluations. At any time that Credit Extensions (other than L C Credit Extensions not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate) are outstanding hereunder during any Fiscal Year, the Loan Parties shall pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to up to one (1) commercial finance examination during each such Fiscal Year provided that , in the event that Availability is at any time less than the greater of (x) 25 of the Loan Cap and (y) 75,000,000, the Loan Parties shall pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to up to two (2) commercial finance examinations during each such Fiscal Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may cause additional commercial finance examinations to be undertaken (i) as it in its discretion deems reasonably necessary or appropriate, at its own expense or, (ii) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, at the expense of the Loan Parties upon reasonable prior written notice. 
 (c) Upon the request of the Agent after reasonable prior notice, permit the Agent or professionals (including appraisers) retained by the Agent to conduct appraisals of the Collateral, including, without limitation, the assets included in the Borrowing Base provided that , so long as no Credit Extensions (other than L C Credit Extensions not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate) are outstanding hereunder during any Fiscal Year, the Loan Parties shall not be required to pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to any such appraisals. At any time that Credit Extensions (other than L C Credit Extensions not to exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate) are outstanding hereunder during any Fiscal Year, the Loan Parties shall pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to up to one (1) Inventory appraisal during each such Fiscal Year provided that , in the event that Availability is at any time less than the greater of (x) 25 of the Loan Cap and (y) 75,000,000, the Loan Parties shall pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to up to two (2) Inventory appraisals during each such Fiscal Year. At any time that any Eligible Real Estate is included in the Borrowing Base, the Loan Parties shall pay the fees and expenses of the Agent and such professionals with respect to up to one (1) appraisal with respect to each property constituting Eligible Real Estate during each such Fiscal Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agent may cause additional appraisals to be undertaken (i) as it in its discretion deems reasonably necessary or appropriate, at its own expense or, (ii) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, at the expense of the Loan Parties upon reasonable prior written notice. 
 (d) Upon the request of the Agent after reasonable prior notice, permit the Agent, from time to time, to engage a geohydrologist, an independent engineer or other qualified consultant or expert, reasonably acceptable to the Agent, at the expense of the Loan Parties, to undertake Phase I environmental site assessments during the term of this Agreement of the Eligible Real Estate, provided 

that such assessments may only be undertaken (i) during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default. (ii) if a Loan Party receives any notice or obtains knowledge of (A) any potential or known release of any Hazardous Materials at or from any Eligible Real Estate, notification of which must be given to any Governmental Authority under any Environmental Law, or notification of which has, in fact, been given to any Governmental Authority, or (B) any complaint, order, citation or notice with regard to air emissions, water discharges, or any other environmental health or safety matter affecting any Loan Party or any Eligible Real Estate from any Person (including, without limitation, the Environmental Protection Agency). Agent agrees to do and permit no act which would encumber title to the Eligible Real Estate or interfere with any investigation or order conducted or issued by any Governmental Authority. Any drilling and coring holes shall be filled by the Agent s contractor upon completion of testing. All investigation-derived waste, including without limitation drilling waste, ground water and cuttings, shall be promptly handled, characterized and disposed of properly and in accordance with all local, State and Federal requirements. Agent shall not disclose, discuss, or provide to any Governmental Authority or third party (except its legal counsel or others reasonably acceptable to the Loan Parties) any test data, sample results, reports, recommendations or other information arising from or related to any and all environmental assessments and testing of or about the Eligible Real Estate. Environmental assessments may include detailed visual inspections of the Real Estate, including, without limitation, any and all storage areas, storage tanks, drains, dry wells and leaching areas, and the taking of soil samples, surface water samples and ground water samples, as well as such other investigations or analyses as are reasonably necessary for a determination of the compliance of the Real Estate and the use and operation thereof with all applicable Environmental Laws. The Borrowers will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, cooperate in all respects with the Agent and such third parties to enable such assessment and evaluation to be timely completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 
 6.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Credit Extensions (a) to pay fees and expenses in connection with this Agreement and with the transactions contemplated hereunder, (b) to finance the acquisition of working capital assets of the Borrowers, including the purchase of inventory, in each case in the ordinary course of business, (c) to finance Capital Expenditures of the Borrowers, and (d) for general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties, including Permitted Acquisitions and Restricted Payments, in each case to the extent not prohibited under applicable Law or the Loan Documents. 
 6.12 Additional Loan Parties. (a) Notify the Agent at the time that any Person (x) becomes a Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or (y) that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated by the Lead Borrower s board of directors to become a Restricted Subsidiary and that is not otherwise an Excluded Subsidiary, and in each case promptly thereafter (and in any event within thirty (30) days) or such longer period as the Agent may agree, cause any such Person (a) which is not an Excluded Subsidiary, to (i) become a Loan Party by executing and delivering to the Agent a Joinder to this Agreement or a Joinder to the Facility Guaranty or such other documents as the Agent shall deem reasonably necessary for such purpose, (ii) grant a Lien to the Agent on such Person s assets of the same type that constitute Collateral to secure the Obligations, and (iii) deliver to the Agent documents of the types referred to in clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 4.01(a) and reasonably acceptable opinions of counsel to such Person (which shall cover, among other things, the legality, validity, binding effect and enforceability of the documentation referred to in clause (a)), and (b) if any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of such Person are owned by or on behalf of any Loan Party, to pledge such Equity Interests and promissory notes evidencing such Indebtedness, in each case in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Agent provided, that a pledge of the Equity Interests of a CFC or CFC Holdco by a Person described in clauses (x) or (y) of this Section 6.12 shall be limited to 65 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests, and 100 of the non-voting Equity Interests of such CFC or CFC Holdco, and 

such time period may be extended based on local law or practice). In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.12 waive or be deemed a waiver or Consent to any transaction giving rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.12 if such transaction was not otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or constitute or be deemed to constitute, with respect to any Restricted Subsidiary, an approval of such Person as a Borrower or permit the inclusion of any acquired assets in the computation of the Borrowing Base. The Agent shall not accept delivery of any joinder to any Loan Document with respect to any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, if such Subsidiary qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation unless such Subsidiary has delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Subsidiary and Agent has completed its Patriot Act searches, OFAC PEP searches and customary individual background checks for such Subsidiary, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent, and, with respect to the joinder to any Loan Document of any Person as a borrower, the Required Lenders. The Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Lenders of the joinder to any Loan Document of any Person as a guarantor. 
 6.13 Cash Management . 
 (a) On or prior to the Closing Date 
 (i) deliver to the Agent copies of notifications (each, a Credit Card Notification substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G which have been executed on behalf of such Loan Party and delivered to such Loan Party s Credit Card Issuers and Credit Card Processors listed on Schedule 5.21(b) 
 (ii) enter into a Blocked Account Agreement satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent with respect to each Blocked Account listed on Schedule 5.21(a) and 
 (iii) enter into a Securities Account Control Agreement satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent with respect to each Securities Account listed on Schedule 5.21(a) . 
 (b) In the event that the amount contained in the DDA titled Puerto Rico deposit account and listed on Schedule 5.21(a) is ever greater than 100,000, the Loan Parties shall cause the depository bank with respect to such DDA to enter into a Blocked Account Agreement satisfactory in form and substance to the Agent with respect to such DDA. 
 (c) In the event that Availability is ever less than the greater of (i) 35 of the Loan Cap for a period of five (5) consecutive days or (ii) 100,000,000, the Loan Parties shall, within ninety (90) days thereafter (which time period may be extended by the Agent in its sole discretion), create and thereafter at all times maintain a Blocked Account at Wells Fargo or another institution acceptable to the Agent (the Collection Account ), and will thereafter at all times maintain separate operating and disbursement accounts. 
 (d) The Loan Parties shall ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding Obligations) to a Blocked Account (or, if the provisions of clause (b) are in effect, to the Collection Account) all amounts on deposit in each DDA (other than Excluded DDAs) and all payments due from all Credit Card Issuers and Credit Card Processors. 
 (e) Each Blocked Account Agreement (including with respect to the Collection Account) and Securities Account Control Agreement shall require upon notice from Agent, which notice shall be delivered only after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Cash Dominion Event, the ACH or wire transfer no less frequently than daily (and whether or not there are then any outstanding 

Obligations) to the concentration account maintained by the Agent at Wells Fargo (the Concentration Account ), of all cash receipts and collections received by each Loan Party from all sources, including, without limitation, the following 
 (i) all available cash receipts from the sale of Inventory 
 (ii) all proceeds of collections of Credit Card Receivables and Accounts 
 (iii) all Net Proceeds, and all other cash payments received by a Loan Party from any Person or from any source or on account of any Disposition or other transaction or event 
 (iv) the then contents of each DDA (other than Excluded DDAs) (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed 2,500.00, as may be required to be kept in the subject DDA by the depository institution at which such DDA is maintained) and 
 (v) the then entire ledger balance of each Blocked Account, including the Collection Account (net of any minimum balance, not to exceed 2,500.00, as may be required to be kept in the subject Blocked Account by the Blocked Account Bank). 
 (f) The Concentration Account shall at all times be under the sole dominion and control of the Agent. The Loan Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the Loan Parties have no right of withdrawal from the Concentration Account, (ii) the funds on deposit in the Concentration Account shall at all times be collateral security for all of the Obligations and (iii) following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Cash Dominion Event, the funds on deposit in the Concentration Account shall be applied to the Obligations as provided in this Agreement. In the event that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.13 , any Loan Party receives or otherwise has dominion and control of any such cash receipts or collections during the occurrence and during the continuation of a Cash Dominion Event, such receipts and collections shall be held in trust by such Loan Party for the Agent, shall not be commingled with any of such Loan Party s other funds or deposited in any account of such Loan Party and shall, not later than the Business Day after receipt thereof, be deposited into the Concentration Account or dealt with in such other fashion as such Loan Party may be instructed by the Agent. 
 (g) Upon the request of the Agent, the Loan Parties shall cause bank statements and or other reports to be delivered to the Agent not less often than monthly, accurately setting forth all amounts deposited in each Blocked Account to ensure the proper transfer of funds as set forth above. 
 6.14 Information Regarding the Collateral . 
 Furnish to the Agent at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice of any change in (i) any Loan Party s name or in any trade name used to identify it in the conduct of its business or in the ownership of its properties (ii) the location of any Loan Party s chief executive office, its principal place of business, any office in which it maintains books or records relating to Collateral owned by it or any office or facility at which Collateral owned by it is located (including the establishment of any such new office or facility) (iii) any Loan Party s organizational structure or jurisdiction of incorporation or formation or (iv) any Loan Party s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number or organizational identification number assigned to it by its state of organization. The Loan Parties agree not to effect or permit any change referred to in the preceding sentence unless all filings have been made under the UCC or otherwise that are required in 

order for the Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected first priority security interest in all the Collateral for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties. 
 6.15 Physical Inventories . 
 (a) Cause not less than one physical inventory of each Store operated by a Loan Party to be undertaken, at the expense of the Loan Parties, in each Fiscal Year and periodic cycle counts of Inventory at each distribution center operated by a Loan Party, in each case consistent with past practices, following such methodology as is consistent with the methodology used in the immediately preceding inventory or cycle count, as applicable, or as otherwise may be reasonably satisfactory to the Agent provided , that the failure to conduct the annual physical inventory at one or more Stores shall not be a violation of this Section 6.15(a) so long as (i) the Loan Parties use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct the same, (ii) the physical inventory could not be conducted because of reasons outside the reasonable control of the Loan Parties and (iii) such failure affects no more than 5 of the Loan Parties Stores in any Fiscal Year. The Lead Borrower shall, upon the reasonable request of the Agent, provide the Agent with a reconciliation of the results of such inventories and cycle counts (as well as of any other physical inventories or cycle counts undertaken by a Loan Party) and shall post such results to the Loan Parties stock ledgers and general ledgers, as applicable. 
 (b) Permit the Agent, in its reasonable discretion, if any Default or Event of Default exists, to cause additional such inventories to be taken as the Agent determines (each, at the expense of the Loan Parties). 
 6.16 Environmental Laws . 
 Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have Material Adverse Effect, (a) conduct its operations and keep and maintain its Real Estate in material compliance with all Environmental Laws (b) obtain and renew all environmental permits necessary for its operations and properties and (c) implement any and all investigation, remediation, removal and response actions that are appropriate or necessary to maintain the value and marketability of the Real Estate or to otherwise comply with Environmental Laws pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, storage, use, disposal, transportation or release of any Hazardous Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real Estate, provided , however , that neither a Loan Party nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and adequate reserves have been set aside and are being maintained by the Loan Parties with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. 
 6.17 Further Assurances. 
 (a) Execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements and other documents), that may be required under any applicable Law, or which the Agent may reasonably request, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or to grant, preserve, protect or perfect the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents or the validity or priority of any such Lien, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties also agree to provide to the Agent, from time to time upon request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Agent as to the perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security Documents. 

(b) If any material assets are acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Documents that become subject to the perfected first-priority Lien under the Security Documents upon acquisition thereof and other than Excluded Assets (as defined in the Security Agreement)), notify the Agent thereof, and the Loan Parties will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Obligations and will take such actions as shall be reasonably necessary or shall be reasonably requested by the Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (a) of this Section 6.17, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. In no event shall compliance with this Section 6.17(b) waive or be deemed a waiver or Consent to any transaction giving rise to the need to comply with this Section 6.17(b) if such transaction was not otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement or constitute or be deemed to constitute Consent to the inclusion of any acquired assets in the computation of the Borrowing Base. 
 (c) Upon the reasonable request of the Agent, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any of its landlords with respect to its leased distribution centers and or corporate headquarters to deliver a Collateral Access Agreement to the Agent in such form as the Agent may reasonably require. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including Section 6.12 hereof and this Section 6.17 or in any other Loan Document, the Agent shall not accept delivery of any joinder to any Loan Document with respect to any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party, if such Subsidiary qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation unless such Subsidiary has delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Subsidiary and the Agent has completed its Patriot Act searches, OFAC PEP searches and customary individual background checks for such Subsidiary, the results of which shall be satisfactory to the Agent, and, with respect to the joinder to any Loan Document of any Person as a borrower, the Required Lenders. The Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Lenders of the joinder to any Loan Document of any Person as a guarantor. 
 6.18 Material Contracts . (a) Perform and observe all the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it, (b) maintain each such Material Contract in full force and effect except to the extent such Material Contract is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, (c) enforce each such Material Contract in accordance with its terms, (d) take all such action to such end as may be from time to time requested by the Agent, (e) upon request of the Agent, make to each other party to each such Material Contract such demands and requests for information and reports or for action as any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is entitled to make under such Material Contract, and (f) cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to do the foregoing, except, in any case, where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6.19 OFAC Sanctions. 
 Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 6.20 Post-Closing Covenants. 
 As promptly as practicable and in any event within the time periods after the Closing Date specified in Schedule 6.20 or such later date as the Agent agrees to in writing, deliver the documents or take the actions specified in Schedule 6.20. 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations for which a claim has not been asserted and (ii) Other Liabilities), or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party shall, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly 
 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for Permitted Encumbrances. 
 7.02 Investments . Make any Investments, except Permitted Investments. 
 7.03 Indebtedness Disqualified Stock 
 (a) Create, incur, assume, guarantee, suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness, except Permitted Indebtedness (b) issue Disqualified Stock, or (c) issue and sell any other Equity Interests if a Change of Control or other Event of Default would result therefrom. 
 7.04 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, divide, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, (or agree to do any of the foregoing), except that 
 (a) any Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party may merge or consolidate with (i) a Loan Party, provided that the Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries which are not Loan Parties, provided that when any wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary is merging or consolidating with another Restricted Subsidiary, the wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (b) any Restricted Subsidiary which is a Loan Party may merge or consolidate into any Restricted Subsidiary which is a Loan Party or into a Borrower, provided that in any merger or consolidation involving a Borrower, such Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person 
 (c) any Subsidiary (other than a Borrower) may liquidate or dissolve if the Lead Borrower or the Parent (as the case may be) determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Lead Borrower or the Parent (as the case may be) and is not materially disadvantageous to the Credit Parties, so long as the assets of such Subsidiary that is a Loan Party are transferred to another Loan Party upon such liquidation or dissolution 
 (d) the Parent and its Subsidiaries may complete any restructuring, regardless of whether accomplished by liquidation, contribution, distribution, merger, amalgamation or any other technique, whereby the ownership of Foreign Subsidiaries is changed, so long as each such Foreign Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary of Abercrombie & Fitch International, Inc. and or Abercrombie & Fitch Trading Co. prior to such restructuring remains, directly or indirectly, a Subsidiary of Abercrombie & Fitch International, Inc. and or Abercrombie & Fitch Trading Co. after such restructuring and 

(e) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, any Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party may merge with or into or consolidate with any other Person or permit any other Person to merge with or into or consolidate with it provided that (i) the Person surviving such merger or consolidation shall be a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party and such Person shall become a Loan Party in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.12 hereof, and (ii) in the case of any such merger or consolidation to which any Loan Party is a party, such Loan Party is the surviving Person. 
 7.05 Dispositions . Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except Permitted Dispositions. 
 7.06 Restricted Payments . Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except that 
 (a) (i) each Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party, and (ii) each Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may make Restricted Payments to any other Restricted Subsidiary 
 (b) the Parent and any of its Subsidiaries may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common Equity Interests of such Person 
 (c) Subsidiaries may (i) declare and pay dividends or make distributions ratably with respect to their Equity Interests and (ii) may make Restricted Payments to the Parent, and other Subsidiaries of the Parent, in amounts necessary to enable the Parent to pay the dividends described in clause (b) above, along with standard costs associated with such payment of dividends or distributions, and to pay income and franchise taxes and operating and professional expenses 
 (d) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries may make Restricted Payments pursuant to and in accordance with employment contracts, stock option plans or other benefit plans or similar arrangements for consultants, management (including directors and officers) or employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries 
 (e) if the Payment Conditions are satisfied, the Loan Parties and each Restricted Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire Equity Interests issued by it and 
 so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Parent may declare, and if declared when no Default or Event of Default exists, pay cash dividends to its stockholders so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied. 
 (g) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) the conversion or exchange of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in accordance with its terms into or for shares of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Parent and the making of a payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Parent s Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) deliverable upon any such conversion or exchange or (ii) the delivery of cash in connection with any conversion or exchange of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in an aggregate amount since the closing date governing such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness not to exceed the sum of (x) the principal amount of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, as 

applicable, and (y) the amount of any payments required to be made to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries upon the exercise, settlement, termination or unwind of any related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction substantially concurrently with, or a commercially reasonable period of time before or after, the settlement date for the exchange or conversion of such relevant Permitted Convertible Indebtedness. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to a Restricted Payment in respect of Intellectual Property (or the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary that owns Intellectual Property) that would be reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect the ability of the Agent to dispose of or otherwise realize upon the Collateral after an Event of Default, such Restricted Payment shall not be permitted unless the recipient thereof agrees in writing to be bound by a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license of such Intellectual Property in favor of the Agent for use in connection with the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Credit Parties, which license shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent provided , however, that the foregoing shall not apply to any Restricted Payment (i) made in accordance with clause (a) of this Section 7.06 or (ii) otherwise approved by the Agent in writing. 
 7.07 Prepayments of Indebtedness. Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness, or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of any Subordinated Indebtedness, except (a) as long as no Default or Event of Default then exists, regularly scheduled or mandatory repayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of Permitted Indebtedness provided that such payments of Subordinated Indebtedness shall be in accordance with the subordination terms thereof or the applicable subordination agreement relating thereto), (b) voluntary prepayments, repurchases, redemptions or defeasances of Permitted Indebtedness as long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied, and (c) Permitted Refinancings of any such Indebtedness. 
 7.08 Change in Nature of Business 
 (a) In the case of the Parent, engage in any business or activity other than (i) the direct or indirect ownership of all outstanding Equity Interests in the other Loan Parties, (ii) maintaining its corporate existence, (iii) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative activities as the parent of the consolidated group of companies, including the Loan Parties, (iv) the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder, (v) other activities not prohibited under this Agreement and (vi) activities incidental to the businesses or activities described in clauses i through (v) of this Section 7.08(a) . 
 (b) In the case of each of the Loan Parties, engage in any line of business substantially different from the business conducted by the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business substantially related or incidental thereto. 
 7.09 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of any Loan Party, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms taken as a whole no less favorable to the Loan Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Loan Parties or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to (a) a transaction between or among the Loan Parties, (b) advances for commissions, travel and other similar purposes in the ordinary course of business to directors, officers and employees, (c) the issuance of Equity Interests in the Parent to any officer, director, employee or consultant of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (d) the payment of reasonable fees and out- 

of-pocket costs to directors, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, and (e) any issuances of securities of the Parent (other than Disqualified Stock) or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans (in each case in respect of Equity Interests in the Parent) of the Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 7.10 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Notes Documents) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Restricted Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments or other distributions to any Loan Party or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in a Loan Party, (ii) of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to Guarantee the Obligations, (iii) of any Restricted Subsidiary to make or repay loans to a Loan Party, or (iv) of the Loan Parties or any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person in favor of the Agent provided , however , that this clause (iv) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c) or (f) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person provided further , that , the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) shall not apply to (A) restrictions and conditions imposed by applicable Law or by any of the Loan Documents, (B) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is a Permitted Disposition hereunder, (C) in the case of any Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary, restrictions and conditions imposed by its organizational documents or any related joint venture or similar agreement, provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to such Subsidiary and to any Equity Interests in such Subsidiary, (D) restrictions and conditions set forth in the definitive documentation governing the Notes Facility if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (E) restrictions and conditions imposed by agreements relating to Permitted Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, and (F) cash to secure letters of credit and other segregated deposits that are Permitted Encumbrances, provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to such Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties. 
 7.11 Amendment of Material Documents . 
 Amend, modify or waive any of a Loan Party s rights under (a) its Organization Documents in a manner materially adverse to the Credit Parties, or (b) any Material Contract or Material Indebtedness (other than on account of any refinancing thereof otherwise permitted hereunder or, with respect to the Notes Facility, as permitted by the Intercreditor Agreement), in each case to the extent that such amendment, modification or waiver would result in a Default or Event of Default under any of the Loan Documents, or otherwise would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.12 Fiscal Year . 
 Change the Fiscal Year of any Loan Party, or the accounting policies or reporting practices of the Loan Parties, except as permitted by GAAP (it being agreed that a conversion from GAAP to IFRS shall be permitted). 

7.13 Deposit Accounts Credit Card Processors . 
 Open new DDAs (other than Excluded DDAs) or Blocked Accounts unless the Loan Parties shall have delivered to the Agent appropriate Blocked Account Agreements consistent with the provisions of Section 6.13 and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. No Loan Party shall maintain any bank accounts or enter into any agreements with Credit Card Issuers or Credit Card Processors other than the ones expressly contemplated herein or in Section 6.13 hereof. 
 7.14 Minimum Availability . 
 Permit Availability at any time to be less than the greater of (x) 10 of the Loan Cap or (y) 30,000,000. 
 7.15 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (a) to make any payments to a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to finance any investments in a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any investments, loans or contributions in, or otherwise make such proceeds available to, a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person to fund any operations, activities or business of a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person), or in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (b) to finance any activity that would violate the Controlled Substances Act, the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, regulations of the Food & Drug Administration, applicable state controlled substances laws, and any similar laws relating to controlled substances (c) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U, or X of the FRB, (d) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws or (e) for purposes other than those permitted under this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrowers or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L C Obligation, or deposit any funds as Cash Collateral in respect of L C Obligations, or (ii) within three (3) Business Days after the date required to be paid herein, any interest on any Loan or on any L C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.03 , 6.05 , 6.07 , 6.10 , 6.11, 6.12 , 6.13 or 6.14 or Article VII or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after the earlier of (i) the Borrower s obtaining knowledge of such default and (ii) notice by the Agent or 

(d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith (including, without limitation, any Borrowing Base Certificate), or in completing any request for a Borrowing via the Portal, shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made or 
 (e) Cross-Default . Any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof (i) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material Indebtedness (including aggregate amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement), or (ii) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Material Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of any Guarantee thereof (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded provided further that no such event under the Notes Facility shall constitute an Event of Default under this clause (e) until the earliest to occur of (x) the conclusion of the applicable grace period, if any, after such event or circumstance (but only if such event or circumstance has not been waived), (y) the acceleration of the Indebtedness under the Notes Facility and (z) the Exercise of Secured Creditor Remedies (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) by the Notes Collateral Agent in respect of any Collateral or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or a proceeding shall be commenced or a petition filed, without the application or consent of such Person, seeking or requesting the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed and the appointment continues undischarged, undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding or 
 (g) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof (i) one or more judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding 35,000,000 (to the extent not paid using cash on hand of the Loan Parties or covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non- 

monetary judgments that have, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect or 
 (h) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of 35,000,000 or which would reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of 35,000,000 which would reasonably likely result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (i) Invalidity of Loan Documents . (i) Any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent or indefeasible payment in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document or seeks to avoid, limit or otherwise adversely affect any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document or (ii) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on a material portion of the Collateral, with the priority required by the applicable Security Document (other than as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent) or 
 (j) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 (k) Cessation of Business . Except as otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, the Loan Parties taken as a whole shall take any action to permanently suspend all or substantially all operations of its business in the ordinary course, liquidate all or substantially all of their material portion of its assets or Store locations, or employ an agent or other third party to conduct a program of closings, liquidations or Going-Out-Of-Business sales of all or substantially all of their material portion of its business or 
 (l) Loss of Collateral . There occurs any uninsured loss to any material portion of the Collateral or 
 (m) Subordination . (i) The subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or governing any Subordinated Indebtedness, or provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement (or any other intercreditor agreement entered into by Agent after the Closing Date, any such provisions being referred to as the Intercreditor Provisions , shall, in whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid, binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable Indebtedness or (ii) any Borrower or any other Loan Party shall, directly or indirectly, disavow or contest in any manner (A) the effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any of the Intercreditor Provisions, (B) that the Intercreditor Provisions exist 

for the benefit of the Credit Parties, or (C) in the case of Subordinated Indebtedness, that all payments of principal of or premium and interest on the applicable Subordinated Indebtedness, or realized from the liquidation of any property of any Loan Party, shall be subject to any of the Intercreditor Provisions. 
 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Agent may, or, at the request of the Required Lenders shall, take any or all of the following actions 
 (a) declare the Commitments of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other Obligations (other than Other Liabilities) to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Loan Parties 
 (c) require that the Loan Parties Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations and 
 (d) whether or not the maturity of the Obligations shall have been accelerated pursuant hereto, proceed to protect, enforce and exercise all rights and remedies of the Credit Parties under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or applicable Law, including, but not limited to, by suit in equity, action at law or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any instrument pursuant to which the Obligations are evidenced, and, if such amount shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, proceed to enforce the payment thereof or any other legal or equitable right of the Credit Parties 
 provided , however , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof under Section 8.01(f) , the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Loan Parties to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Agent or any Lender. 
 No remedy herein is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of Law. 
 Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so in writing by Agent, take or cause to be taken any action, including, the commencement of any legal or equitable proceedings to enforce any Loan Document against any Loan Party or to foreclose any Lien on, or otherwise enforce any security interest in, or other rights to, any of the Collateral. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Agent in the following order 

First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations (excluding the Other Liabilities) constituting fees, indemnities, Credit Party Expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Agent 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations (excluding the Other Liabilities) constituting indemnities, Credit Party Expenses, and other amounts (other than principal, interest and fees) payable to the Lenders and the L C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L C Issuer and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third , to the extent not previously reimbursed by the Lenders, to payment to the Agent of that portion of the Obligations constituting principal and accrued and unpaid interest on any Permitted Overadvances 
 Fourth , to the extent that Swing Line Loans have not been refinanced by a Committed Loan, payment to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Swing Line Loans 
 Fifth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Committed Loans and other Obligations, and fees (including Letter of Credit Fees), ratably among the Lenders and the L C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth payable to them 
 Sixth , to the extent that Swing Line Loans have not been refinanced by a Committed Loan, to payment to the Swing Line Lender of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Swing Line Loans 
 Seventh , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Committed Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Seventh held by them 
 Eighth , to the Agent for the account of the L C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit 
 Ninth , to payment of all other Obligations (including without limitation the cash collateralization of unliquidated indemnification obligations, but excluding any Other Liabilities), ratably among the Credit Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Ninth held by them 
 Tenth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations arising from Cash Management Services and Bank Products to the extent secured under the Security Documents, ratably among the Lender Counterparties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Tenth held by them and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Loan Parties or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Eighth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or 

expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
 ARTICLE IX THE AGENT 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . 
 (a) Each of the Lenders and the Swing Line Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Wells Fargo to act on its behalf as the Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof (including, without limitation, acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations), together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer, and no Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 (b) The Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Agent to act as the agent of such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto (including, without limitation, to enter into additional Loan Documents or supplements to existing Loan Documents on behalf of the Credit Parties). In this connection, the Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Agent pursuant to this Article IX for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Loan Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of Articles IX and X (including Section 10.04 , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though they were not the Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder and 

thereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law and 
 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Loan Parties or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the Consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 The Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Agent by the Loan Parties, a Lender or the L C Issuer. Upon the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, the Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Applicable Lenders. Unless and until the Agent shall have received such direction, the Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to any such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Credit Parties. In no event shall the Agent be required to comply with any such directions to the extent that the Agent believes that its compliance with such directions would be unlawful. 
 The Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Security Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agent. 

9.04 Reliance by Agent . 
 The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including, but not limited to, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L C Issuer, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L C Issuer unless the Agent shall have received written notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Loan Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Agent. The Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Agent. The Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 9.06 Resignation of Agent . The Agent may at any time give written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Lead Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Lead Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the L C Issuer, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above provided that if the Agent shall notify the Lead Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if 

not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrowers to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Lead Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent hereunder. 
 Any resignation by Wells Fargo as Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as Swing Line Lender and the resignation of Wells Fargo as L C Issuer. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, (b) the retiring L C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring L C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender and the L C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Except as provided in Section 9.12 , the Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Credit Party with any other credit or other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of any Loan Party that may come into the possession of the Agent. 
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, Syndication Agent or Documentation Agent listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity as the Agent, a Lender or the L C Issuer hereunder. 
 9.09 Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Agent shall have made any demand on the Loan Parties) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L C Issuer, the Agent and the other Credit Parties (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L C Issuer, the Agent, such Credit Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L C Issuer the Agent and such Credit Parties under Sections 2.03 , 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L C Issuer to make such payments to the Agent and, if the Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L C Issuer, to pay to the Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L C Issuer or to authorize the Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
 9.10 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . The Credit Parties irrevocably authorize the Agent, at its option and in its reasonable discretion (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any holder of Lender Counterparty solely in its capacity as such), 
 (a) to release any Lien on any Collateral granted to or held by the Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (x) contingent indemnification obligations for which a claim has not been asserted and (y) Other Liabilities)) and the expiration, termination or Cash Collateralization of all Letters of Credit, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (iii) as provided in Section 6.12(b) hereof, or (iv) if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Applicable Lenders in accordance with Section 10.01 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any Collateral (whether or not as of such time any Other Liabilities are outstanding) granted to or held by the Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by clause (h) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances and 
 (c) to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty (whether or not as of such time any Other Liabilities are outstanding) if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder provided that no such release shall occur if such Restricted Subsidiary continues to be a guarantor in respect of the Notes Facility. 
 Upon request by the Agent at any time, the Applicable Lenders will confirm in writing the Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.10 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.10 , the Agent will, at the Loan Parties expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Security Documents or to subordinate its interest in such item, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Facility Guaranty, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.10. In the case of any such sale, transfer or disposal of any property constituting Collateral in a 

transaction constituting a Permitted Disposition, the Liens created by any of the Security Documents on such property shall be automatically released without need for further action by any person. 
 The Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9.10 , the Agent shall be authorized, without the consent of any Lender and without the requirement that a Disposition shall have occurred, to release any security interest in any building, structure or improvement located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to have special flood hazards. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the Agent shall, and is authorized to, without the consent of any Lender and without the requirement that a Disposition shall have occurred, release any Mortgages granted to Agent upon the termination of the Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to Section 8.7(a) thereof resulting from the Discharge of Notes Obligations (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and the release of the Mortgage in favor of the Notes Collateral Agent on the same Real Estate (and such Mortgage is not refinanced or replaced), unless the Lead Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, elect to have such real property remain subject to the Mortgage granted the Agent. 
 9.11 Notice of Transfer . 
 The Agent may deem and treat a Lender party to this Agreement as the owner of such Lender s portion of the Obligations for all purposes, unless and until, and except to the extent, an Assignment and Assumption shall have become effective as set forth in Section 10.06 . 
 9.12 Reports and Financial Statements . 
 By signing this Agreement, each Lender 
 (a) upon entering into any arrangement with a Loan Party with respect to any Other Liability, agrees to furnish the Agent notice of the same, and at any time that Availability is less than 17.5 of the Loan Cap agrees to furnish the Agent with a summary of all Other Liabilities due or to become due to such Lender. In connection with any distributions to be made hereunder, the Agent shall be entitled to assume that no amounts are due to any Lender on account of Other Liabilities unless the Agent has received written notice thereof from such Lender 
 (b) is deemed to have requested that the Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after they become available, copies of all Borrowing Base Certificates and financial statements required to be delivered by the Lead Borrower hereunder and all commercial finance examinations and appraisals of the Collateral received by the Agent (collectively, the Reports 
 (c) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Agent makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the Reports, and shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report 

(d) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that the Agent or any other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties' books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties' personnel 
 (e) agrees to keep all Reports confidential in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.07 hereof and 
 (f) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees (i) to hold the Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any Credit Extensions that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including attorney costs) incurred by the Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 9.13 Agency for Perfection . 
 Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable Law of the United States can be perfected only by possession. Should any Lender (other than the Agent) obtain possession of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Agent's request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Agent's instructions. 
 9.14 Indemnification of Agent . Without limiting the obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder, the Lenders hereby agree to indemnify the Agent, the L C Issuer and any Related Party, as the case may be, ratably according to their Applicable Percentages, from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against the Agent, the L C Issuer and their Related Parties in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Agent, the L C Issuer and their Related Parties in connection therewith provided , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from the Agent s, the L C Issuer s and their Related Parties gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 9.15 Relation among Lenders . The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. 

9.16 Defaulting Lenders. 
 (a) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.14 hereof, the Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments made by the Borrowers to the Agent for the Defaulting Lender s benefit or any proceeds of Collateral that would otherwise be remitted hereunder to the Defaulting Lender, and, in the absence of such transfer to the Defaulting Lender, the Agent shall transfer any such payments (i) first, to the Swing Line Lender to the extent of any Swing Line Loans that were made by the Swing Line Lender and that were required to be, but were not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (ii) second, to the L C Issuer, to the extent of the portion of a Letter of Credit Disbursement that was required to be, but was not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (iii) third, to each Non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Commitments (but, in each case, only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s portion of a Loan (or other funding obligation) was funded by such other Non-Defaulting Lender), (iv) to the Cash Collateral Account, the proceeds of which shall be retained by the Agent and may be made available to be re-advanced to or for the benefit of the Borrowers (upon the request of the Lead Borrower and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 as if such Defaulting Lender had made its portion of the Loans (or other funding obligations) hereunder, and (v) from and after the date on which all other Obligations have been paid in full (other than Other Liabilities), to such Defaulting Lender. Subject to the foregoing, the Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to the Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by the Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender. Solely for the purposes of voting or consenting to matters with respect to the Loan Documents (including the calculation of Applicable Percentages in connection therewith) and for the purpose of calculating the fee payable under Section 2.09(a) , such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender and such Lender s Commitment shall be deemed to be zero provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to any of the matters governed by Section 10.01(a) through (c) . The provisions of this Section 9.16 shall remain effective with respect to such Defaulting Lender until the earlier of (y) the date on which all of the Non-Defaulting Lenders, the Agent, the L C Issuer, and the Borrowers shall have waived, in writing, the application of this Section 9.16 to such Defaulting Lender, or (z) the date on which such Defaulting Lender pays to the Agent all amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender in respect of the amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, and, if requested by the Agent, provides adequate assurance of its ability to perform its future obligations hereunder (on which earlier date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any remaining cash collateral held by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.16(b) shall be released to the Borrowers). The operation of this Section 9.16 shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitment of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to the Agent, the L C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender, or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. Any failure by a Defaulting Lender to fund amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Borrowers, at their option, upon written notice to the Agent, to arrange for a substitute Lender to assume the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, such substitute Lender to be reasonably acceptable to the Agent. In connection with the arrangement of such a substitute Lender, the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder, and agrees to execute and deliver a completed form of Assignment and Assumption in favor of the substitute Lender (and agrees that it shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such document if it fails to do so) subject only to being paid its share of the outstanding Obligations (other than any Other Liabilities, but including (1) all interest, fees (except any commitment fees or Letter of Credit Fees not due to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), and other amounts that may be due and payable in respect 

thereof, and (2) an assumption of its Applicable Percentage of its participation in the Letters of Credit) provided , that any such assumption of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any of the Credit Parties or the Loan Parties rights or remedies against any such Defaulting Lender arising out of or in relation to such failure to fund. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 9.16 and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 9.16 shall control and govern. 
 (b) If any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit is outstanding at the time that a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then 
 (i) such Defaulting Lender s participation interest in any Swing Line Loan or Letter of Credit shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent (x) the Outstanding Amount sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Credit Extensions after giving effect to such reallocation does not exceed the total of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments and (y) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at such time 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (b)(i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by the Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s participation in any outstanding Swing Line Loans (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (b)(i) above) and (y) second, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (b)(i) above), pursuant to a cash collateral agreement to be entered into in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, for so long as such L C Obligations are outstanding provided , that the Borrowers shall not be obligated to cash collateralize any Defaulting Lender s participations in Letters of Credit if such Defaulting Lender is also the L C Issuer 
 (iii) if the Borrowers cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit Exposure pursuant to this Section 9.16(b) , the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any Letter of Credit Fees to the Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.03 with respect to such cash collateralized portion of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit during the period such participation is cash collateralized 
 (iv) to the extent the participation by any Non-Defaulting Lender in the Letters of Credit is reallocated pursuant to this Section 9.16(b) , then the Letter of Credit Fees payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03 shall be adjusted in accordance with such reallocation 
 (v) to the extent any Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 9.16(b) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the L C Issuer or any Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees that would have otherwise been payable to such Defaulting Lender under Section 2.03 with respect to such portion of such participation shall instead be payable to the L C Issuer until such portion of such Defaulting Lender s participation is cash collateralized or reallocated 

(vi) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to make any Swing Line Loan and the L C Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend, or increase any Letter of Credit, in each case, to the extent (x) the Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loans or Letter of Credit cannot be reallocated pursuant to this Section 9.16(b) or (y) the Swing Line Lender or the L C Issuer, as applicable, has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Line Lender or the L C Issuer, as applicable, and the Borrowers to eliminate the Swing Line Lender s or L C Issuer s risk with respect to the Defaulting Lender s participation in Swing Line Loans or Letters of Credit and 
 (vii) The Agent may release any cash collateral provided by the Borrowers pursuant to this Section 9.16(b) to the L C Issuer and the L C Issuer may apply any such cash collateral to the payment of such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Letter of Credit Disbursement that is not reimbursed by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.03 . Subject to Section 10.25, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 9.17 Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Each Lender (a) hereby authorizes and instructs the Agent to enter into the Intercreditor Agreement, and any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to the Intercreditor Agreement, in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party of the Notes Facility and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations to the provisions thereof and (b) hereby agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
 9.18 Other Liabilities. 
 Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Facility Guaranty or any Security Document, no Lender Counterparty that obtains the benefits of any Facility Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Facility Guaranty or any Security Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Other Liabilities unless the Agent has received written notice of such Other Liabilities, together with such supporting documentation as the Agent may request, from the applicable Lender Counterparty. 
 9.19 Providers. 
 Each provider of Bank Products or Cash Management Services (each, a Provider in its capacity as such shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof and of the provisions of the other Loan Documents for purposes of any reference in a Loan Document to the parties for whom the Agent is acting. The Agent hereby agrees to act as agent for such Providers and, by virtue of entering into an agreement in respect of Bank Products or Cash Management Services (each, a Specified Agreement ), the applicable Provider automatically shall be deemed to have appointed each Agent as its agent and to have accepted the benefits 

of the Loan Documents. It is understood and agreed that the rights and benefits of each Provider under the Loan Documents consist exclusively of such Provider s being a beneficiary of the Liens and security interests (and, if applicable, guarantees) granted to the Agent and the right to share in payments and collections out of the Collateral as more fully set forth herein. In addition, each Provider, by virtue of entering into a Specified Agreement, automatically shall be deemed to have agreed that the Agent shall have the right, but shall have no obligation, to establish, maintain, relax, or release Bank Products Reserves and reserves in respect of Cash Management Services and that if reserves are established there is no obligation on the part of the Agent to determine or insure whether the amount of any such reserve is appropriate or not. The Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount due and payable with respect to any Other Liabilities, but may rely upon a written notice from the applicable Provider provided pursuant to Section 9.12(a). In the absence of an updated written notice, the Agent shall be entitled to assume that the amount due and payable to the applicable Provider is the amount last certified to the Agent by such Provider as being due and payable (less any distributions made to such Provider on account thereof). Borrowers may obtain Bank Products or Cash Management Services from any Provider, although Borrowers are not required to do so. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Provider has committed to provide any Bank Products or Cash Management Services solely as a result of this Agreement and that any provision of any Bank Products or Cash Management Services by any Provider is in the sole and absolute discretion of such Provider, subject in all respects to any existing or future written agreement between any such Provider and any Borrower, Loan Party or other Subsidiary. 
 9.20 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender or any L C Issuer, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrowers at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender or any L C Issuer receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender or L C Issuer in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender and each L C Issuer irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Agent shall inform each Lender or L C Issuer promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender or L C Issuer comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no Consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Agent, with the Consent of the Required Lenders, and the Lead Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Agent, and each such waiver or Consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (a) increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written Consent of such Lender 

(b) as to any Lender, postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for (i) any scheduled payment (including the Maturity Date) or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the written Consent of such Lender entitled to such payment, or (ii) any scheduled or mandatory reduction or termination of the Aggregate Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written Consent of such Lender 
 (c) as to any Lender, reduce the principal of or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan held by such Lender, or (subject to clause (iv) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to or for the account of such Lender, without the written Consent of each Lender entitled to such amount provided , however , that only the Consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate 
 (d) as to any Lender, change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written Consent of such Lender 
 (e) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (f) except as expressly permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, release, or limit the liability of, any Loan Party without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (g) except for Permitted Dispositions, release all or substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents without the written Consent of each Lender 
 (h) change the definition of the term Borrowing Base or any component definition thereof if as a result thereof the amounts available to be borrowed by the Borrowers would be increased without the written Consent of each Lender, provided that the foregoing shall not limit the discretion of the Agent to change, establish or eliminate any Reserves 
 (i) modify the definition of Permitted Overadvance so as to increase the amount thereof or, except as provided in such definition, the time period for which a Permitted Overadvance may remain outstanding without the written Consent of each Lender and 
 (j) except as expressly permitted herein or in any other Loan Document, subordinate the Obligations hereunder or the Liens granted hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, to any other Indebtedness or Lien, as the case may be without the written Consent of each Lender 
 and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it (ii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement 

(iii) no amendment, waiver or Consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (iv) the any fee letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto (v) the Agent and the Lead Borrower shall be permitted to amend any provision of the Loan Documents (and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document) if the Agent and the Lead Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical or immaterial nature in any such provision (vi) any waiver, amendment or modification of the Intercreditor Agreement (and any related definitions) may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into among the Agent and the Notes Collateral Agent (with the Consent of the Required Lenders but without the Consent of any Loan Party, so long as such amendment, waiver or modification does not impose any additional duties or obligations on the Loan Parties or alter or impair any right of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents) and (vii) any amendment contemplated by Section 3.03 in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event , Early Opt-in Election or Term SOFR Transition Event shall be effective as contemplated by such Section 3.03. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (x) no provider or holder of any Other Liabilities shall have any voting or approval rights hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider or holder of such agreements or products or the Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such provider or holder be required (other than in their capacities as Lenders, to the extent applicable) for any matter hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, including as to any matter relating to the Collateral or the release of Collateral or any Loan Party, (y) any Loan Document may be amended and waived with the consent of the Agent at the request of the Lead Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities or defects, or (iii) to cause any Loan Document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (z) any amendment contemplated by Section 3.03(b) of this Agreement in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event , an Early Opt-in Election or Term SOFR Transition Event shall be effective as contemplated by such Section 3.03(b) hereof. 
 If any Lender does not Consent (a Non-Consenting Lender to a proposed amendment, waiver, consent or release with respect to any Loan Document that requires the Consent of each Lender and that has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Lead Borrower may replace such Non-Consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 provided that such amendment, waiver, consent or release can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by such Section (together with all other such assignments required by the Lead Borrower to be made pursuant to this paragraph). 
 10.02 Notices Effectiveness Electronic Communications . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Loan Parties, the Agent, the L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 and 

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the L C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the L C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Agent may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the L C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Loan Parties or the Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, the L C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 

(d) Change of Address, Etc . Each of the Loan Parties, the Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Lead Borrower, the Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Agent from time to time to ensure that the Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. 
 (e) Reliance by Agent, L C Issuer and Lenders . The Agent, the L C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agent, the L C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Loan Parties. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Agent may be recorded by the Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 10.03 No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure by any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether any Credit Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. 
 10.04 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrowers shall pay all Credit Party Expenses. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each other Credit Party, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless (on an after tax basis) from, any and all losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Agent (and any sub-agents thereof) and their Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by 

the L C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, any bank advising or confirming a Letter of Credit or any other nominated person with respect to a Letter of Credit seeking to be reimbursed or indemnified or compensated, and any third party seeking to enforce the rights of a Borrower, beneficiary, nominated person, transferee, assignee of Letter of Credit proceeds, or holder of an instrument or document related to any Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) any claims of, or amounts paid by any Credit Party to, a Blocked Account Bank or other Person which has entered into a control agreement with any Credit Party hereunder, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of the Loan Parties directors, shareholders or creditors, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Indemnitee provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses to the extend resulting from (x) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment, (y) a material breach of the obligations of such Indemnitee under this Agreement as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or (z) any proceeding that does not involve an act or omission by any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof and that is brought by an Indemnitee against any other Indemnitee other than any claims against any Indemnitee in its respective capacity or in fulfilling its role as Agent, collateral agent, an Arranger or any similar role under Loan Documents. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, settlement payments, costs, and or related expenses arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . Without limiting their obligations under Section 9.14 hereof, to the extent that the Loan Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agent (or any such sub-agent), the L C Issuer or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the L C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agent (or any such sub-agent) or L C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the Loan Parties shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 

or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section shall be payable on demand therefor. 
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Agent and the L C Issuer, the assignment of any Commitment or Loan by any Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Loan Parties is made to any Credit Party, or any Credit Party exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Credit Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Agent upon demand its Applicable Percentage (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders and the L C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that no Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior written Consent of the Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.06(b) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection Section 10.06(d) , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Section 10.06(f) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Credit Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment(s) and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 10.06(b) , participations in L C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lead Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) provided , however , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition 
 (A) the consent of the Lead Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund provided , that the Lead Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof and provided further that no consent of the Lead Borrower shall be required in connection with the assignment by a Lender of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any Person that would otherwise qualify as an Eligible Assignee hereunder as part of an assignment and transfer of such Lender s rights in and to a material portion of such Lender s portfolio of asset based credit facilities and 
 (B) the consent of the Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of any Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender and 
 (C) the consent of the L C Issuer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding) and 

(D) the consent of the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment in respect of the assignment of any Commitment. 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, provided , however , that the Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits and subject to the requirements of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 10.06(d) . 
 (c) Register . The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans and L C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Loan Parties, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Lead Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Loan Parties or the Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Loan Parties or any of the Loan Parties Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L C Obligations and or Swing Line Loans) owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Loan Parties, the Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any Participant shall agree in writing to comply with all confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 10.07 as if such Participant was a Lender hereunder. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of 

each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of such participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitment and or Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in such participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in such participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining such participant Register. 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Loan Parties agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits and subject to the requirements of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 10.06(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. 
 (e) Limitations upon Participant Rights . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Lead Borrower's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Lead Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Loan Parties, to comply with Section 3.01(e) 3.01(g) as though it were a Lender. 
 (f) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (g) Electronic Execution of Assignments . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 (h) Resignation as L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Wells Fargo assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Wells Fargo may, (i) upon 30 days notice to the Lead Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L C Issuer and or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Lead 

Borrower, Wells Fargo may resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Lead Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder provided , however , that no failure by the Lead Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Wells Fargo as L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Wells Fargo resigns as L C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L C Issuer and all L C Obligations with respect thereto. If Wells Fargo resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . Upon the appointment of a successor L C Issuer and or Swing Line Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Wells Fargo to effectively assume the obligations of Wells Fargo with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information Confidentiality . Each of the Credit Parties agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by, or required to be disclosed to, any regulatory or similar authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to any Loan Party and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Lead Borrower, (h) with the consent of the Lead Borrower, (i) to Gold Sheets and other similar bank trade publications, such information to consist of deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications, (j) to the extent that such information is independently developed by such Lender, (k) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to any Credit Party or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Loan Parties, or (l) for purposes of establishing a due diligence defense. 
 For purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof relating to the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to any Credit Party on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary thereof, provided that , in the case of information received from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

Each of the Credit Parties acknowledges that (a) the Information may include MNPI concerning the Loan Parties or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of MNPI and (c) it will handle such MNPI in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state securities Laws. 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . I f an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, the L C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Agent or the Required Lenders, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, the L C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or the L C Issuer, regardless of the adequacy of the Collateral, and irrespective of whether or not such Lender or the L C Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrowers or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or the L C Issuer different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 8.03 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, the L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the L C Issuer agrees to notify the Lead Borrower and the Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrowers. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 10.10 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness. 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided 

in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Agent and when the Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) Without limiting the provisions of clause (a) above, this Agreement and any notices delivered under this Agreement, may be executed by means of (a) an electronic signature that complies with the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other relevant and applicable electronic signatures law (b) an original manual signature or (c) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. The Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to accept, deny, or condition acceptance of any electronic signature on this Agreement or on any notice delivered to the Agent under this Agreement. 
 10.11 Survival Release of Liens. (a) All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrowers in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Agent, any L C Issuer or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and this Agreement and all of such covenants, agreements, representations and warranties shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Section 3.01 , Section 3.04 , Section 3.05 and Section 10.04 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provisions hereof. 
 (b) Any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Agent under any Loan Document shall terminate upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than (A) contingent indemnification obligations for which claims have not been asserted and (B) unless the Obligations have been accelerated as a result of the occurrence of any Event of Default or the Loan Parties are liquidating substantially all of their assets, subject to the first proviso hereto, Obligations in respect of Other Liabilities) and the expiration, termination or Cash Collateralization (or issuance of a supporting letter of credit satisfactory to the L C Issuers and the Agent) of all Letters of Credit provided , however , that in connection with the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and satisfaction of the Loans and Letters of Credit as set forth above, the Agent may require such indemnities or, in the case of the succeeding clause (y) only, collateral security as it shall reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to protect the Credit Parties against (x) loss on account of credits previously applied to the Obligations that may subsequently be reversed or revoked, and (y) any Obligations that may then exist or thereafter arise with respect to Other Liabilities (other 

than Swap Contracts or foreign exchange facilities) to the extent the same is provided for pursuant to the documentation governing such Other Liabilities (it being understood that, to the extent the documentation governing such Other Liabilities permits or requires termination of such services upon the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and satisfaction of the Loans and Letters of Credit as set forth above, any Loan Party and Lender may negotiate such contractual arrangements as they deem proper to provide for the continued provision of such services) provided , further, that any such Liens granted pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be reinstated if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Loans or Letters of Credit is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by any Credit Party upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Loan Party. At the request and sole expense of any Loan Party following any such termination, the Agent shall deliver to such Loan Party any Collateral held by the Agent under any Loan Document, and execute and deliver to such Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination. 
 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that 
 (a) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) 
 (b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter and 
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 10.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Etc . 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, SUBJECT TO THE LAST SENTENCE HEREOF, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT, SUBJECT TO THE LAST SENTENCE HEREOF, ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT ANY CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THE EXERCISE OF THE CREDIT PARTIES OF THEIR RIGHTS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE LOAN PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY 

ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Loan Parties each acknowledge and agree that (i) the credit facility provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Credit Parties, on the other hand, and each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating and understanding and understands and accepts the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof) (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, the each Credit Party is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person (iii) none of the Credit Parties has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Loan Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether any of the Credit Parties has advised or is currently advising any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents (iv) the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Credit Parties has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship and (v) the Credit Parties have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate. Each of the Loan Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against each of the Credit Parties with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty. 
 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 10.18 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 

10.19 Press Releases . 
 (a) At any time prior to the public disclosure of this Agreement, with the Parent s and the Lead Borrower s written consent, which consent may be granted or withheld in the Parent s and the Lead Borrower s discretion, and (b) at any time thereafter, the Parent and the Lead Borrower hereby each agree that the Agent and the Arrangers may use the name or other identifying information of the Parent or the Lead Borrower solely in connection with a press release, tombstone or similar advertisements, or in connection with other disclosure to the gold Sheets or similar bank trade publications with respect to this Agreement provided that the Agent, the Arrangers, the Syndication Agent or any Documentation Agent will not use the Parent s or Lead Borrower s logo or trademark for marketing purposes other than in customary pitch book materials, and if the Parent s or Lead Borrower s logo or trademark is so used, then the Parent s or Lead Borrower s logo or trademark shall not be featured more prominently or in a larger font or image size than the any logo or trademark of any other entity used therein and provided further that in no event may the Agent, Arrangers, the Syndication Agent or any Documentation Agent use the Parent s or Lead Borrower s logo or trademark in any customary pitch book materials prepared or presented for public use or marketing purposes other than to presentations or pitches made to companies on an individual basis. 
 10.20 Additional Waivers . 
 (a) The Obligations are the joint and several obligation of each Loan Party. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, the obligations of each Loan Party shall not be affected by (i) the failure of any Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce or exercise any right or remedy against any other Loan Party under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise, (ii) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or provisions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, or the release of, any of the Collateral or other security held by or on behalf of the Agent or any other Credit Party. 
 (b) The obligations of each Loan Party shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Obligations after the termination of the Commitments), including any claim of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise of any of the Obligations, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Obligations or otherwise. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the obligations of each Loan Party hereunder shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by the failure of the Agent or any other Credit Party to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, by any waiver or modification of any provision of any thereof, any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Obligations, or by any other act or omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of any Loan Party or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Party as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations after the termination of the Commitments). 
 (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any other Loan Party or the unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other Loan Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. The Agent and the other Credit Parties may, at their election, foreclose 

on any security held by one or more of them by one or more judicial or non-judicial sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, compromise or adjust any part of the Obligations, make any other accommodation with any other Loan Party, or exercise any other right or remedy available to them against any other Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any Loan Party hereunder except to the extent that all the Obligations (other than Other Liabilities) have been indefeasibly paid in full in cash and the Commitments have been terminated. Each Loan Party waives any defense arising out of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to applicable Law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party, as the case may be, or any security. 
 (d) Each Borrower is obligated to repay the Obligations as joint and several obligors under this Agreement. Upon payment by any Loan Party of any Obligations, all rights of such Loan Party against any other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments. In addition, any indebtedness of any Loan Party now or hereafter held by any other Loan Party is hereby subordinated in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full of the Obligations and no Loan Party will demand, sue for or otherwise attempt to collect any such indebtedness. If any amount shall erroneously be paid to any Loan Party on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of any Loan Party, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Agent to be credited against the payment of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Subject to the foregoing, to the extent that any Borrower shall, under this Agreement as a joint and several obligor, repay any of the Obligations constituting Loans made to another Borrower hereunder or other Obligations incurred directly and primarily by any other Borrower (an Accommodation Payment ), then the Borrower making such Accommodation Payment shall be entitled to contribution and indemnification from, and be reimbursed by, each of the other Borrowers in an amount, for each of such other Borrowers, equal to a fraction of such Accommodation Payment, the numerator of which fraction is such other Borrower's Allocable Amount and the denominator of which is the sum of the Allocable Amounts of all of the Borrowers. As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of each Borrower shall be equal to the maximum amount of liability for Accommodation Payments which could be asserted against such Borrower hereunder without (a) rendering such Borrower insolvent within the meaning of Section 101 (32) of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act UFTA or Section 2 of the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act UFCA ), (b) leaving such Borrower with unreasonably small capital or assets, within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code, Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA, or (c) leaving such Borrower unable to pay its debts as they become due within the meaning of Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or Section 4 of the UFTA, or Section 5 of the UFCA. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other waiver or other provision set forth in this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby absolutely, knowingly, unconditionally, and expressly waives any and all claim, defense or benefit arising directly or indirectly under any one or more of Sections 2787 to 2855 inclusive of the California Civil Code or any similar law of California. 
 10.21 No Strict Construction. 
 The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted 

jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 10.22 Attachments. 
 The exhibits, schedules and annexes attached to this Agreement are incorporated herein and shall be considered a part of this Agreement for the purposes stated herein, except that in the event of any conflict between any of the provisions of such exhibits and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 
 10.23 Independent Effect of Covenants Inconsistencies. 
 (a) The Loan Parties expressly acknowledge and agree that each covenant contained in Articles VI or VII hereof shall be given independent effect. Accordingly, the Loan Parties shall not engage in any transaction or other act otherwise permitted under any covenant contained in Articles VI or VII , before or after giving effect to such transaction or act, the Loan Parties shall or would be in breach of any other covenant contained in Articles VI or VII . 
 (b) In the event there is a conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and any other Loan Document, the terms of this Agreement shall control provided that any provision of the Security Documents which imposes additional burdens on the Loan Parties or further restricts the rights of the Loan Parties or gives the Agent or Lenders additional rights shall not be deemed to be in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement and shall be given full force and effect provided further that the Intercreditor Agreement governs and controls in the event of any conflict with any other Loan Document. 
 10.24 Keepwell. 
 Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under the Facility Guaranty in respect of Swap Obligations provided , however , that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.24 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.24 , or otherwise under the Facility Guaranty, voidable under applicable Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until payment in full of the Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.24 constitute, and this Section 10.24 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 10.25 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 10.26 Acknowledgement Regarding any Supported QFCs. 
 To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 10.27 Amendment and Restatement. 
 This Agreement is an amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement, it being acknowledged and agreed that as of the Closing Date all obligations outstanding under or in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement and any of the other Loan Documents (such obligations, collectively, 

the Existing Obligations constitute obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement is in no way intended to constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement or the Existing Obligations. With respect to (i) any date or time period occurring and ending prior to the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall govern the respective rights and obligations of any party or parties hereto also party thereto and shall for such purposes remain in full force and effect and (ii) any date or time period occurring or ending on or after the Closing Date, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by this Agreement (including, without limitation, the exhibits and schedules hereto) and the other Loan Documents. From and after the Closing Date, any reference to the Existing Credit Agreement in any of the other Loan Documents executed or issued by and or delivered to any one or more parties hereto pursuant to or in connection therewith shall be deemed to be a reference to this Agreement, and the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail in the event of any conflict or inconsistency between such provisions and those of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 10.28 Erroneous Payments. 
 (a) Each Lender, each L C Issuer, each other provider of Bank Products or Cash Management Services (each, a Provider and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) the Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or L C Issuer or any Provider (or the Lender which is an Affiliate of a Lender, L C Issuer or Provider) or any other Person that has received funds from the Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender, L C Issuer or Provider (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment Recipient receives any payment from the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment , as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 10.28(a), whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment ), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment provided that nothing in this Section shall require the Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)( ii) above, it shall promptly notify the Agent in writing of such occurrence. 
 (c) In the case of either clause (a)( i or (a)( ii) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Agent, and upon demand from the Agent such Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter (or such longer period as agreed by Agent in its sole discretion), return to the Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon (unless waived in writing by the Agent in its sole discretion) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), then at the sole discretion of the Agent and upon the Agent s written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans to the Agent or, at the option of the Agent, the Agent s applicable lending affiliate (such assignee, the Agent Assignee in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by the Agent Assignee as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. Without limitation of its rights hereunder, following the effectiveness of the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, the Agent may make a cashless reassignment to the applicable assigning Lender of any Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at any time by written notice to the applicable assigning Lender and upon such reassignment all of the Loans assigned pursuant to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be reassigned to such Lender without any requirement for payment or other consideration. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause d shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the assignor, (2) the provisions of this clause (d) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 10.06 and (3) the Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by any other Person. 

(e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to the Agent under this Section 10.28 or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Agent from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making for a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. Anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.28 notwithstanding, Section 10.28 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrowers relative to the amount (and or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Agent. 
 (f) Each party s obligations under this Section 10.28 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 10.28 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) nothing in this Section 10.28 will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient s receipt of an Erroneous Payment and (ii) there will only be deemed to be a recovery of the Erroneous Payment to the extent that the Agent has received payment from the Payment Recipient in immediately available funds the Erroneous Payment Return, whether directly from the Payment Recipient, as a result of the exercise by the Agent of its rights of subrogation or set off as set forth above in clause (e) or as a result of the receipt by Agent Assignee of a payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, but excluding any other amounts in respect thereof (it being agreed that any payments of interest, fees, expenses or other amounts (other than principal) received by Agent Assignee in respect of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be the sole property of the Agent Assignee and shall not constitute a recovery of the Erroneous Payment). 
 Signature Pages Follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
 
 BORROWERS 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH MANAGEMENT CO. , as Lead Borrower 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH STORES, INC. 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH TRADING CO. , each as a Borrower 

By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

GUARANTORS 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. , as Parent and as a Guarantor 

By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President Tax, Treasury and Risk Management and Treasurer 

A & F TRADEMARK, INC. 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH HOLDING CORPORATION 
 HOLLISTER CO. 
 J.M.H. TRADEMARK, INC. 
 HOLLISTER CO. CALIFORNIA, LLC 
 AFH PUERTO RICO LLC 
 A&F CANADA HOLDING CO. , as Guarantors 

By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

ABERCROMBIE & FITCH PROCUREMENT SERVICES, LLC , as Guarantors 
 
 By Abercrombie & Fitch Trading Co., its Sole Member 
 
 By s Everett Gallagher 
 Name Everett Gallagher 
 Title Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Agent 
 
 By s Irene Rosen Marks 
 Name Irene Rosen Marks 
 Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as L C Issuer, as a Lender and Swing Line Lender 
 
 By s Irene Rosen Marks 
 Name Irene Rosen Marks 
 Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Jeffrey R. Penno 
 Name Jeffrey R. Penno 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Christopher C. Tran 
 Name Christopher C. Tran 
 Title Authorized Officer 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Matthew Potter 
 Name Matthew Potter 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, as a Lender 
 
 By s Michael J. Schaltz, Jr. 
 Name Michael J. Schaltz, Jr. 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By s Darren Pinsker 
 Name Darren Pinsker 
 CTitle Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as 
 a Lender 
 
 By s Tracy Salyers 
 Name Tracy Saylers 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

RBS CITIZENS BUSINESS CAPITAL, a division of RBS Asset Finance, Inc., as a Lender 
 
 By s Francis Garvin 
 Name Francis Garvin 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING 
 CORPORATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s David W. Kee 
 Name David W. Kee 
 Title Managing Director 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
 
 By s Sandra J. Evans 
 Name Sandra J. Evans 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit Agreement 

Annex B 
 
 Exhibit A to Credit Agreement 
 
 see attached 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF SOFR LOAN NOTICE 
 
 Date ___________, _____ 
 To Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 29, 2021 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated hereafter, the Credit Agreement by and among (i) Abercrombie & Fitch Management Co. , a Delaware corporation, for itself and as Lead Borrower (in such capacity, the Lead Borrower for the other Borrowers party thereto from time to time (individually, a Borrower and, collectively, the Borrowers ), (ii) the Borrowers party thereto from time to time, (iii) the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, (iv) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative and collateral agent (in such capacities, the Agent for its own benefit and the benefit of the other Credit Parties referred to therein, (v) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Swing Line Lender and L C Issuer, and (vi) the lenders from time to time party thereto (individually, a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders ). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning herein as in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Lead Borrower hereby requests a Borrowing of a continuation of SOFR Loans 1 
 On ____________ (a Business Day) 2 
 In the amount of _____________________ 3 
 With an Interest Period of ____ months 4 
 The Lead Borrower hereby represents and warrants (for itself and on behalf of the other Borrowers) that (a) the Borrowing requested herein complies with Section 2.02 and the other provisions of the Credit Agreement and (b) the conditions specified in Sections 4.01 and 4.02 of the Credit Agreement have been satisfied or waived on and as of the date specified in Item 1(a) above 
 
 1 A Borrowing must have the same Interest Period. 
 
 2 Each notice of a Borrowing must be received by the Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of or continuation of SOFR Loans. 
 
 3 Each Borrowing or continuation of SOFR Loans must be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. 
 
 4 The Lead Borrower may request a Borrowing of SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one, two, three or six months. If no election of Interest Period is specified, then the Lead Borrower will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 

Dated as of the date above first written. 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH MANAGEMENT CO. , as Lead Borrower 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name ____________________________________ 
 Title ____________________________________ 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.39>
 5
 exhibit10394q2022.htm
 EX-10.39

Document 

Exhibit 10.39 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates) 
 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this AGREEMENT is made to be effective as of GRANT DATE (the date on which the COMMITTEE (as defined below) approves the award, referred to as the GRANT DATE ), by and between Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation (the COMPANY ), and EMPLOYEE NAME , an employee of the COMPANY or one of the COMPANY s subsidiaries or affiliates PARTICIPANT ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates of the COMPANY (the PLAN ), the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the COMMITTEE of the Board of Directors of the COMPANY (the BOARD administers the PLAN and 
 WHEREAS, the COMMITTEE has determined that PARTICIPANT should be granted rights to receive SHARES GRANTED shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value, of the COMPANY (such rights, the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS ), subject to the restrictions, conditions and other terms set forth in this AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the parties hereto make the following agreement, intending to be legally bound thereby 
 1. Grant of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth in this AGREEMENT and in the PLAN, the COMPANY hereby grants to PARTICIPANT SHARES GRANTED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS of the COMPANY (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN and Section 5(F) of this AGREEMENT, if applicable). Each RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT shall represent the right to receive one issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value (the SHARES ), of the COMPANY, but shall be subject to the restrictions, conditions and other terms set forth in this AGREEMENT. 
 2. Terms and Conditions of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . 
 (A) RESTRICTED PERIOD . Except as provided under Sections 3 and 4 of this AGREEMENT, the period of restriction (the RESTRICTED PERIOD ), after which the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become vested and no longer be subject to forfeiture to the COMPANY shall lapse in three separate annual installments (each a TRANCHE and each date on which a TRANCHE becomes vested, a VESTING DATE on the applicable anniversary of the date on which this grant is approved by the COMMITTEE and then recorded and communicated through the System of Record and which shall not be earlier than the GRANT DATE (the ANNIVERSARY ), according to the following schedule 
 (i) the RESTRICTED PERIOD shall lapse as to 33.3 of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN), and such RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become vested, on the first ANNIVERSARY, provided PARTICIPANT is employed by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY on such date 

(ii) the RESTRICTED PERIOD shall lapse as to 33.3 of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN), and such RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become vested, on the second ANNIVERSARY, provided PARTICIPANT is employed by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY on such date 
 (iii) the RESTRICTED PERIOD shall lapse as to 33.4 of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN), and such RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become vested, on the third ANNIVERSARY, provided PARTICIPANT is employed by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY on such date. 
 (B) Non-Transferability of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS may not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability of PARTICIPANT to any party (other than the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY) or assigned or transferred (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by PARTICIPANT, otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
 (C) Lapse of RESTRICTED PERIOD . Upon the lapse of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, as promptly as is reasonably practicable, and in no case later than March 15th of the year after the year the RESTRICTED PERIOD lapses, SHARES of the COMPANY shall be issued to PARTICIPANT and the COMPANY shall deliver a stock certificate or other appropriate documentation evidencing the number of SHARES of the COMPANY issued in settlement of such vested RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS to PARTICIPANT. 
 (D) Tax Withholding . The COMPANY shall have the right to require PARTICIPANT to remit to the COMPANY an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding requirements in respect of the settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. Unless PARTICIPANT is notified otherwise, the COMPANY will withhold SHARES of the COMPANY otherwise deliverable upon settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS having a FAIR MARKET VALUE (as defined in the PLAN) on the date of settlement equal to the amount required to be withheld (but only to the extent of the minimum amount that must be withheld to comply with applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and wage tax laws). 
 (E) Rights as Holder of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . With respect to these RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, PARTICIPANT shall have no rights as a stockholder of the COMPANY (including no right to vote or receive dividends) with respect to any SHARES of the COMPANY until the date of issuance to PARTICIPANT of a certificate or other evidence of ownership representing such SHARES in settlement thereof. In addition, dividend equivalents will not be paid or payable with respect to the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS subject to this AGREEMENT until such date of issuance. 
 3. Change of Control . Unless the BOARD or the COMMITTEE provides otherwise prior to a Change of Control (as such term is defined in the PLAN), upon a Change of Control, Section 9 of the PLAN shall govern the treatment of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 
 4. Effect of Termination of Employment . 
 (A) The grant of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall not confer upon PARTICIPANT any right to continue in the employment of the COMPANY or any of the 
 2 

subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY or interfere with or limit in any way the right of the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY to modify the terms of or terminate the employment of PARTICIPANT at any time in accordance with applicable law and the COMPANY s or the subsidiary s or affiliate s governing corporate documents. 
 (B) Except as the COMMITTEE may at any time provide, and subject to Section 4(E) of this AGREEMENT, if the employment of PARTICIPANT with the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY is terminated for any reason other than death or total disability (as defined below) prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, such RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be forfeited to the COMPANY. 
 (C) If PARTICIPANT becomes totally disabled prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become fully vested. 
 (D) If PARTICIPANT dies while employed by the COMPANY or one of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become fully vested. 
 (E) Upon the retirement of PARTICIPANT, the COMMITTEE may, but shall not be required to, shorten or terminate the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 
 (F) For purposes of this AGREEMENT, total disability shall have the definition set forth in the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Long Term Disability Plan, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 5. Forfeiture of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . 
 (A) The RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be subject to the following additional forfeiture conditions, to which PARTICIPANT, by accepting the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, agrees. If any of the events specified in Section 5(B)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this AGREEMENT occurs (a FORFEITURE EVENT ), the following forfeiture will result 
 (i) any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS held by PARTICIPANT and not then settled will be immediately forfeited and canceled upon the occurrence of the FORFEITURE EVENT and 
 (ii) PARTICIPANT will be obligated to repay to the COMPANY, in cash, within five business days after demand is made therefor by the COMPANY, the total amount of AWARD GAIN (as defined below) realized by PARTICIPANT upon each settlement of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS that occurred on or after (x) the date that is twenty-four months prior to the occurrence of the FORFEITURE EVENT, if the FORFEITURE EVENT occurred while PARTICIPANT was employed by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, or (y) the date that is twenty-four months prior to the date PARTICIPANT s employment by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY terminated, if the FORFEITURE EVENT occurred after PARTICIPANT ceased to be so employed provided, however, that this right of recoupment shall not limit the BOARD s recoupment authority under any applicable clawback or recoupment policy approved by the BOARD. For purposes of this Section 5, the term AWARD GAIN shall mean, in respect of any settlement of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS granted to PARTICIPANT, the FAIR MARKET VALUE as of the applicable 
 3 

VESTING DATE of the cash and or SHARES of the COMPANY paid or payable to PARTICIPANT (regardless of any elective deferrals). 
 (B) The forfeitures specified in Section 5(A) of this AGREEMENT will be triggered upon the occurrence of any one of the following FORFEITURE EVENTS at any time during PARTICIPANT s employment by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, or during the twenty-four-month period following termination of such employment 
 (i) PARTICIPANT, acting alone or with others, directly or indirectly, (I) engages, either as an employee, employer, consultant, advisor, or director, or as an owner, investor, partner, or stockholder unless PARTICIPANT s interest is insubstantial, in any business in an area or region in which the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY conducts business at the date the event occurs, which is directly in competition with a business then conducted by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY (II) induces any customer or supplier of the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, with which the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY has a business relationship, to curtail, cancel, not renew, or not continue his or her or its business with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY or (III) induces, or attempts to influence, any employee of or service provider to the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY to terminate such employment or service. The COMMITTEE shall, in its discretion, determine which lines of business the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY conduct on any particular date and which third parties may reasonably be deemed to be in competition with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY. For purposes of this Section 5(B)(i), PARTICIPANT s interest as a stockholder is insubstantial if it represents beneficial ownership of less than five percent of the outstanding class of stock, and PARTICIPANT s interest as an owner, investor, or partner is insubstantial if it represents ownership, as determined by the COMMITTEE in its discretion, of less than five percent of the outstanding equity of the entity 
 (ii) PARTICIPANT discloses, uses, sells, or otherwise transfers, except in the course of employment with or other service to the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, any confidential or proprietary information of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, including but not limited to information regarding the COMPANY s or any subsidiary s or affiliate s current and potential customers, organization, employees, finances, and methods of operations and investments, so long as such information has not otherwise been disclosed to the public or is not otherwise in the public domain (other than by PARTICIPANT s breach of this provision), except as required by law or pursuant to legal process, or PARTICIPANT makes statements or representations, or otherwise communicates, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or takes any other action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage or be damaging to the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY or their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations, except as required by law or pursuant to legal process 
 (iii) PARTICIPANT fails to cooperate with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY in any way, including, without limitation, by making PARTICIPANT available to testify on behalf of the COMPANY or such subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, or otherwise fails to assist the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY in any way, including, without limitation, in connection with any such action, suit, or proceeding by providing information and meeting and consulting with members of management of, other representatives of, or counsel to, the COMPANY or such subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, as reasonably requested or 
 (iv) PARTICIPANT, during the period PARTICIPANT is employed by the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY and for twenty-four months thereafter (the NON-SOLICITATION PERIOD ), alone or in conjunction with another person, 
 4 

(I) interferes with or harms, or attempts to interfere with or harm, the relationship of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY with any person who at any time was a customer or supplier of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY or otherwise had a business relationship with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY or (II) hires, solicits for hire, aids in or facilitates the hire, or causes to be hired, either as an employee, contractor or consultant, any person who is currently employed, or was employed at any time during the six-month period prior thereto, as an employee, contractor or consultant of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY. 
 (C) Despite the conditions set forth in this Section 5, PARTICIPANT is not hereby prohibited from engaging in any activity set forth in Section 5(B)(i) of this AGREEMENT, including but not limited to competition with the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY. Rather, the non-occurrence of the FORFEITURE EVENTS set forth in Section 5(B) of this AGREEMENT is a condition to PARTICIPANT s right to realize and retain value from the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, and the consequences under the PLAN and this AGREEMENT if PARTICIPANT engages in an activity giving rise to any such FORFEITURE EVENTS are the forfeitures specified therein and as otherwise provided in this AGREEMENT. The COMPANY and PARTICIPANT shall not be precluded by this provision or otherwise from entering into other agreements concerning the subject matter of Sections 5(A) and 5(B) of this AGREEMENT. 
 (D) The COMMITTEE may, in its discretion, waive in whole or in part the COMPANY s right to forfeiture under this Section 5, but no such waiver shall be effective unless evidenced by a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the COMPANY. 
 (E) In addition to the above, PARTICIPANT agrees that any of the conduct described in Sections 5(B)(ii) and (iv) of this AGREEMENT would result in irreparable injury and damage to the COMPANY for which the COMPANY would have no adequate remedy at law. PARTICIPANT agrees that in the event of such occurrence or any threat thereof, the COMPANY shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such conduct and threatened conduct and or continued conduct by PARTICIPANT and or any and all persons and or entities acting for and or with PARTICIPANT, and without having to prove damages and to all costs and expenses incurred by the COMPANY in seeking to enforce the COMPANY s rights under this AGREEMENT. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies to which the COMPANY may be entitled at law or in equity. PARTICIPANT agrees that the covenants of PARTICIPANT contained in Section 5(B) of this AGREEMENT are reasonable. For the same reasons, the COMPANY shall be entitled to an immediate injunction without having to prove damages to enforce the COMPANY s right to forfeit the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS pursuant to Section 5(C) for a violation of Section 5(B)(i). 
 (F) This Section 5(F) shall apply only if PARTICIPANT was granted the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS under this AGREEMENT pursuant to the achievement of a performance goal under Section 7 of the PLAN. If the COMMITTEE determines that the earlier determination as to the achievement of the performance goal was based on incorrect data and that in fact the performance goal had not been achieved or had been achieved to a lesser extent than originally determined and a number of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS would not have been granted, given the correct data, then (i) the aggregate number of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS set forth in Section 1 of this AGREEMENT shall be reduced by such number of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS that would not have been granted (such RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, the EXCESS RSUs ), (ii) any EXCESS RSUs that have not yet vested in accordance with the terms of this AGREEMENT shall be forfeited and (iii) any SHARES of the COMPANY received upon settlement of vested EXCESS RSUs (or if such SHARES were disposed of, the cash equivalent) shall be returned to the COMPANY as provided by the COMMITTEE provided, however, that this right of recoupment shall not limit the BOARD s recoupment authority under any applicable clawback or recoupment policy approved by the BOARD. 
 5 

6. Restrictions on Transfers of SHARES . Anything contained in this AGREEMENT or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding, the COMPANY may postpone the issuance and delivery of SHARES of the COMPANY upon any settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS until completion of any stock exchange listing or registration or other qualification of such SHARES under any state, federal or foreign law, rule or regulation as the COMPANY may consider appropriate and may require PARTICIPANT in connection with the issuance of the SHARES to make such representations and furnish such information as the COMPANY may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance of the SHARES in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. SHARES of the COMPANY issued and delivered upon settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be subject to such restrictions on trading, including appropriate legending of certificates to that effect, as the COMPANY, in its discretion, shall determine are necessary to satisfy applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 7. PLAN as Controlling PARTICIPANT Acknowledgments . All terms and conditions of the PLAN applicable to the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS which are not set forth in this AGREEMENT shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. In the event that any term or condition of this AGREEMENT is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the PLAN, the PLAN shall be deemed controlling. PARTICIPANT acknowledges receipt of a copy of the PLAN and of the Prospectus related to the PLAN. PARTICIPANT also acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the COMMITTEE in respect of the PLAN, this AGREEMENT and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be final, conclusive and binding on PARTICIPANT, all other persons interested in the PLAN and stockholders of the COMPANY. 
 8. Award Subject to Applicable Laws and COMPANY Policies . This award of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be subject to any applicable clawback or recoupment policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be implemented by the BOARD from time to time in accordance with applicable law. Notwithstanding anything in this AGREEMENT to the contrary, the PLAN, this AGREEMENT, and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS awarded hereunder shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, regulations, listing requirements, restrictions, or governmental guidance that becomes applicable to the COMPANY, and the COMMITTEE reserves the right to modify this AGREEMENT and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS as necessary to conform to any restrictions imposed by any such laws, rules, regulations, listing requirements, restrictions, or governmental guidance or to conform to any applicable clawback or recoupment policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be implemented by the BOARD from time to time. As a condition of participating in the Plan, and by PARTICIPANT s acceptance of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, PARTICIPANT is deemed to have agreed to any such modifications that may be imposed by the COMMITTEE, and agrees to sign such waivers or acknowledgments as the COMMITTEE may deem necessary or appropriate with respect to such modifications. 
 9. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by applicable federal or foreign law, this AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, except with respect to provisions relating to the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this AGREEMENT, which shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio. 
 10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative . All rights and remedies of the COMPANY and of PARTICIPANT enumerated in this AGREEMENT shall be cumulative and, except as expressly provided otherwise in this AGREEMENT, none shall exclude any other rights or remedies allowed by law or in equity, and each of said rights or remedies may be exercised and enforced concurrently. 
 11. Captions . The captions contained in this AGREEMENT are included only for convenience of reference and do not define, limit, explain or modify this AGREEMENT or its 
 6 

interpretation, construction or meaning and are in no way to be construed as a part of this AGREEMENT. 
 12. Severability . If any provision of this AGREEMENT or the application of any provision hereof to any person or any circumstance shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such determination shall not affect any other provision of this AGREEMENT or the application of said provision to any other person or circumstance, all of which other provisions shall remain in full force and effect, and it is the intention of each party to this AGREEMENT that if any provision of this AGREEMENT is susceptible of two or more constructions, one of which would render the provision enforceable and the other or others of which would render the provision unenforceable, then the provision shall have the meaning which renders it enforceable. 
 13. Number and Gender . When used in this AGREEMENT, the number and gender of each pronoun shall be construed to be such number and gender as the context, circumstances or its antecedent may require. 
 14. Entire Agreement . This AGREEMENT, including the PLAN incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the COMPANY and PARTICIPANT in respect of the subject matter of this AGREEMENT, and this AGREEMENT supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements between the parties hereto in connection with the subject matter of this AGREEMENT. No officer, employee or other servant or agent of the COMPANY, and no servant or agent of PARTICIPANT, is authorized to make any representation, warranty or other promise not contained in this AGREEMENT. Other than as set forth in Section 11(e) of the PLAN or Section 8 of this AGREEMENT, no change, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions of this AGREEMENT shall be binding upon either party hereto unless contained in a writing signed by the party to be charged. 
 15. Successors and Assigns of the COMPANY . The obligations of the COMPANY under this AGREEMENT shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the COMPANY, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and businesses of the COMPANY. 

Remainder of page intentionally left blank signature page follows 
 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the COMPANY has caused this AGREEMENT to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and PARTICIPANT has executed this AGREEMENT, in each case effective as of the GRANT DATE. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. 

By Name 
 Title Title 

PARTICIPANT 

Printed Name 
 
 Name 

Address 

Date 
 
 8 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.41>
 6
 exhibit10414q2022.htm
 EX-10.41

Document 

Exhibit 10.41 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors) 
 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this AGREEMENT is made to be effective as of GRANT DATE (the date on which the COMMITTEE (as defined below) approves the award, referred to as the GRANT DATE ), by and between Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation (the COMPANY ), and PARTICIPANT NAME , a non-employee director of the COMPANY or one of the COMPANY s subsidiaries or affiliates PARTICIPANT ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Directors of the COMPANY (the PLAN ), the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the COMMITTEE of the Board of Directors of the COMPANY (the BOARD administers the PLAN and 
 WHEREAS, the COMMITTEE has determined that PARTICIPANT should be granted rights to receive SHARES GRANTED shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value, of the COMPANY (such rights, the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS ), subject to the restrictions, conditions and other terms set forth in this AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the parties hereto make the following agreement, intending to be legally bound thereby 
 1. Grant of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth in this AGREEMENT and in the PLAN, the COMPANY hereby grants to PARTICIPANT SHARES GRANTED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS of the COMPANY (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN and Section 5(F) of this AGREEMENT, if applicable). Each RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT shall represent the right to receive one issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value (the SHARES ), of the COMPANY, but shall be subject to the restrictions, conditions and other terms set forth in this AGREEMENT. 
 2. Terms and Conditions of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . 
 (A) RESTRICTED PERIOD . Except as provided under Sections 3 and 4 of this AGREEMENT, the period of restriction (the RESTRICTED PERIOD ), after which the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become vested and no longer be subject to forfeiture to the COMPANY shall lapse upon the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the GRANT DATE,(ii) the date of the next regularly scheduled annual meeting of stockholders, or (iii) the first date no longer serving in the Chairperson role, on a pro-rated basis, for that portion of time that has lapsed between the GRANT DATE and the first date no longer serving in the Chairperson role, if prior to the first anniversary of the GRANT DATE or the date of the next regularly scheduled annual meeting of stockholders provided the PARTICIPANT is a non-employee director of the COMPANY on such date. 
 (B) Non-Transferability of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS may not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability of PARTICIPANT to any party (other than the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY) or assigned or transferred (whether by operation of law 

or otherwise) by PARTICIPANT, otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
 (C) Lapse of RESTRICTED PERIOD . Upon the lapse of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, as promptly as is reasonably practicable, and in no case later than March 15th of the year after the year the RESTRICTED PERIOD lapses, SHARES of the COMPANY shall be issued to PARTICIPANT and the COMPANY shall deliver a stock certificate or other appropriate documentation evidencing the number of SHARES of the COMPANY issued in settlement of such vested RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS to PARTICIPANT. 
 (D) Tax Withholding . The COMPANY shall have the right to require PARTICIPANT to remit to the COMPANY an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding requirements in respect of the settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. Unless PARTICIPANT is notified otherwise, the COMPANY will withhold SHARES of the COMPANY otherwise deliverable upon settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS having a FAIR MARKET VALUE (as defined in the PLAN) on the date of settlement equal to the amount required to be withheld (but only to the extent of the minimum amount that must be withheld to comply with applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and wage tax laws). Pursuant to the PLAN, the COMPANY reserves the right to notify PARTICIPANT prior to settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, that in lieu of the foregoing, the COMPANY may require that the minimum amount that must be withheld to comply with applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and wage tax laws) be settled in cash either (i) through the sale, on PARTICIPANT s behalf on the open market, of a number of SHARES of the COMPANY required to cover such amount or (ii) at PARTICIPANT s option, through a direct cash payment by PARTICIPANT to the COMPANY to cover such amount. 
 (E) Rights as Holder of RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . With respect to these RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, PARTICIPANT shall have no rights as a stockholder of the COMPANY (including no right to vote or receive dividends) with respect to any SHARES of the COMPANY until the date of issuance to PARTICIPANT of a certificate or other evidence of ownership representing such SHARES in settlement thereof. In addition, dividend equivalents will not be paid or payable with respect to the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS subject to this AGREEMENT until such date of issuance. 
 3. Change of Control . Unless the BOARD or the COMMITTEE provides otherwise prior to a Change of Control (as such term is defined in the PLAN), upon a Change of Control, Section 9 of the PLAN shall govern the treatment of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. 
 4. Effect of Termination of Service as a Director . 
 (A) The grant of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall not confer upon PARTICIPANT any right to continue as a director of the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY or interfere with or limit in any way the right of the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY to modify the terms of or terminate the service of PARTICIPANT at any time in accordance with applicable law and the COMPANY s or the subsidiary s or affiliate s governing corporate documents. 
 (B) Except as the COMMITTEE may at any time provide, and subject to Section 4(E) of this AGREEMENT, if the service of PARTICIPANT as a director of the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY is terminated for any reason other than death or total disability (as defined below) prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED 
 2 

PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, such RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be forfeited to the COMPANY. 
 (C) If PARTICIPANT becomes totally disabled prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become fully vested. 
 (D) If PARTICIPANT dies while employed by the COMPANY or one of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall become fully vested. 
 (E) For purposes of this AGREEMENT, total disability shall have the definition set forth in the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Long Term Disability Plan, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 5. Restrictions on Transfers of SHARES . Anything contained in this AGREEMENT or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding, the COMPANY may postpone the issuance and delivery of SHARES of the COMPANY upon any settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS until completion of any stock exchange listing or registration or other qualification of such SHARES under any state, federal or foreign law, rule or regulation as the COMPANY may consider appropriate and may require PARTICIPANT in connection with the issuance of the SHARES to make such representations and furnish such information as the COMPANY may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance of the SHARES in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. SHARES of the COMPANY issued and delivered upon settlement of the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be subject to such restrictions on trading, including appropriate legending of certificates to that effect, as the COMPANY, in its discretion, shall determine are necessary to satisfy applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 6. PLAN as Controlling PARTICIPANT Acknowledgments . All terms and conditions of the PLAN applicable to the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS which are not set forth in this AGREEMENT shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. In the event that any term or condition of this AGREEMENT is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the PLAN, the PLAN shall be deemed controlling. PARTICIPANT acknowledges receipt of a copy of the PLAN and of the Prospectus related to the PLAN. PARTICIPANT also acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the COMMITTEE in respect of the PLAN, this AGREEMENT and the RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS shall be final, conclusive and binding on PARTICIPANT, all other persons interested in the PLAN and stockholders of the COMPANY. 
 7. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by applicable federal or foreign law, this AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 8. Rights and Remedies Cumulative . All rights and remedies of the COMPANY and of PARTICIPANT enumerated in this AGREEMENT shall be cumulative and, except as expressly provided otherwise in this AGREEMENT, none shall exclude any other rights or remedies allowed by law or in equity, and each of said rights or remedies may be exercised and enforced concurrently. 
 9. Captions . The captions contained in this AGREEMENT are included only for convenience of reference and do not define, limit, explain or modify this AGREEMENT or its 
 3 

interpretation, construction or meaning and are in no way to be construed as a part of this AGREEMENT. 
 10. Severability . If any provision of this AGREEMENT or the application of any provision hereof to any person or any circumstance shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such determination shall not affect any other provision of this AGREEMENT or the application of said provision to any other person or circumstance, all of which other provisions shall remain in full force and effect, and it is the intention of each party to this AGREEMENT that if any provision of this AGREEMENT is susceptible of two or more constructions, one of which would render the provision enforceable and the other or others of which would render the provision unenforceable, then the provision shall have the meaning which renders it enforceable. 
 11. Number and Gender . When used in this AGREEMENT, the number and gender of each pronoun shall be construed to be such number and gender as the context, circumstances or its antecedent may require. 
 12. Entire Agreement . This AGREEMENT, including the PLAN incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the COMPANY and PARTICIPANT in respect of the subject matter of this AGREEMENT, and this AGREEMENT supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements between the parties hereto in connection with the subject matter of this AGREEMENT. No officer, employee or other servant or agent of the COMPANY, and no servant or agent of PARTICIPANT, is authorized to make any representation, warranty or other promise not contained in this AGREEMENT. Other than as set forth in Section 11(e) of the PLAN, no change, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions of this AGREEMENT shall be binding upon either party hereto unless contained in a writing signed by the party to be charged. 
 13. Successors and Assigns of the COMPANY . The obligations of the COMPANY under this AGREEMENT shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the COMPANY, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and businesses of the COMPANY. 

Remainder of page intentionally left blank signature page follows 
 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the COMPANY has caused this AGREEMENT to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and PARTICIPANT has executed this AGREEMENT, in each case effective as of the GRANT DATE. 
 
 COMPANY 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. 
 
 By _________________________ 
 Name 
 Title _________________________ 
 Title 

PARTICIPANT 

Printed Name 
 
 Participant Name 

Address 

Acceptance Date 

5 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 7
 exhibit10454q2022.htm
 EX-10.42

Document 

Exhibit 10.45 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates) 
 This PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT (this AGREEMENT is made to be effective as of GRANT DATE (the date on which the COMMITTEE (as defined below) approves the award, referred to as the GRANT DATE ), by and between Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation (the COMPANY ), and EMPLOYEE NAME , an employee of the COMPANY or one of the COMPANY s subsidiaries or affiliates PARTICIPANT ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the provisions of the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Associates of the COMPANY (the PLAN ), the Compensation and Human Capital Committee (the COMMITTEE of the Board of Directors of the COMPANY (the BOARD administers the PLAN and 
 WHEREAS, the COMMITTEE has determined that PARTICIPANT should be granted rights to earn a target number of shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value (the SHARES ), of the COMPANY equal to ______ SHARES (such rights, the AWARD ), subject to the restrictions, conditions and other terms set forth in this AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the parties hereto make the following agreement, intending to be legally bound thereby 
 1. Grant of AWARD . Pursuant to, and subject to, the terms and conditions set forth in this AGREEMENT and in the PLAN, the COMPANY hereby grants to PARTICIPANT an AWARD with a target number of SHARES of the COMPANY (the TARGET AWARD equal to SHARES GRANTED SHARES (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN and Section 5(F) of this AGREEMENT, if applicable). The AWARD represents the right to earn up to 200 of the target number of SHARES of the COMPANY subject to the AWARD, subject to the restrictions, conditions and other terms set forth in this AGREEMENT. 
 2. Terms and Conditions of the AWARD . 
 (A) EARNED UNITS . The issuance of SHARES of the COMPANY pursuant to this AGREEMENT shall be subject to the COMPANY s achievement with respect to the performance goals of (i) RELATIVE TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN, (ii) AVERAGE NET SALES GROWTH RATE , and (iii) THREE-YEAR AVERAGE NON-GAAP EBIT MARGIN PERCENT as set forth in the tables below (each and collectively, the PERFORMANCE GOALS ). Each PERFORMANCE GOAL metric will be equally weighted. If any of the PERFORMANCE GOALS for the three-fiscal-year period ending _____________ does not exceed the respective THRESHOLD performance level set forth in the respective table below, the portion of the AWARD associated with such PERFORMANCE GOAL shall be forfeited. If all three of the PERFORMANCE GOALS fall below the respective THRESHOLD performance level set forth in the respective table below, the AWARD and PARTICIPANT s right to receive any SHARES of the COMPANY pursuant to this AGREEMENT shall expire and be forfeited without payment of any additional consideration, effective as of the last day of the fiscal year 

ending ____________. Subject to the foregoing, the number of EARNED UNITS for purposes of this AGREEMENT shall be determined in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 (i) RELATIVE TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN 
 
 Performance Level FY ____ through FY ____ Relative Total Shareholder Return (1) Required to Achieve Performance Level 
 of TARGET AWARD Earned BELOW THRESHOLD Below __ th percentile of COMPARATOR GROUP 
 0 THRESHOLD __th percentile as compared to COMPARATOR GROUP 
 25 TARGET __th percentile as compared to COMPARATOR GROUP 
 100 MAXIMUM At or above __ th percentile as compared to 
 COMPARATOR GROUP 
 200 
 (1) Relative Total Shareholder Return is measured against the following ____________ companies (the COMPARATOR GROUP ________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________. Relative Total Shareholder Return shall be measured as follows 
 (a) Total Shareholder Return shall be measured using an average of the closing stock price for the 20 trading days immediately before the first day of the COMPANY s ____ fiscal year and an average of the closing stock price for the 20 trading days immediately before and including the last day of the COMPANY s ____ fiscal year. Total shareholder return shall assume dividend reinvestment on the ex-dividend date. 
 (b) For companies that are in the COMPARATOR GROUP as of the first day of the COMPANY s ____ fiscal year but that do not remain in the COMPARATOR GROUP through the last day of the COMPANY s ____ fiscal year, treatment will be as follows 
 i. Acquisition For a company that is acquired (other than in connection with merger activity) during the PERFORMANCE PERIOD, it shall be removed entirely from the COMPARATOR GROUP and thus not considered for measurement purposes 
 
 ii. Merger For a company that is impacted by merger activity during the PERFORMANCE PERIOD 
 
 1. Such company shall be removed from the COMPARATOR GROUP (and thus not considered for measurement purposes) if it is not the surviving company following a merger with either a non-COMPARATOR GROUP company or another COMPARATOR GROUP company or 
 
 2 

2. Such company shall be included in the COMPARATOR GROUP if it is the surviving company following a merger with another COMPARATOR GROUP company or 
 
 3. Such company shall be included in the COMPARATOR GROUP if it is the surviving company in a merger with a non-COMPARATOR GROUP company (unless 50 or more of such company s post-merger business has a non-retail GICS code, in which case such company shall be removed from the COMPARATOR GROUP and thus not considered for measurement purposes). 
 
 iii. Spin-Off For a company that is spun-off during the PERFORMANCE PERIOD, such company shall be removed from the COMPARATOR GROUP (and thus not considered for measurement purposes) however, the parent company of such spun-off company shall be included for measurement purposes if such parent company remains in the COMPARATOR GROUP and remains at least 50 of such company s pre-spin-off size as measured by revenues. 
 
 iv. Bankruptcy For a company that goes bankrupt (either voluntarily or involuntarily) during the PERFORMANCE PERIOD, such company shall be placed at the bottom of the COMPARATOR GROUP for measurement purposes, with a deemed negative Total Shareholder Return of (-100 ). 
 
 (c) Payout shall be capped at the TARGET AWARD if the COMPANY s Total Shareholder Return over the full PERFORMANCE PERIOD is negative. In the event that the COMPANY s level of achievement with respect to the PERFORMANCE GOAL is between the THRESHOLD and the TARGET performance levels, or between the TARGET and the MAXIMUM performance levels, linear interpolation will be used to determine the number of EARNED UNITS. Any portion of the TARGET AWARD not earned based upon the actual level of performance achieved by the COMPANY shall expire and be forfeited to the COMPANY without payment of any additional consideration, effective as of the last day of the fiscal year ending ________________. The COMPANY s level of achievement with respect to the PERFORMANCE GOAL set forth in this Section 2(A) (and the extent or lack thereof) shall be evidenced by the COMMITTEE s written certification. 

3 

(ii) AVERAGE NET SALES GROWTH RATE 

Performance Level FY ____ through FY ____ Average Net Sales Growth Rate (1) Required to Achieve Performance Level 
 of TARGET AWARD Earned BELOW THRESHOLD Less than ___ 
 0 THRESHOLD ___ 25 TARGET ___ 100 MAXIMUM ___ or greater 
 200 
 
 (1) For purposes of this Agreement, AVERAGE NET SALES GROWTH RATE is defined as the straight three-year average of the growth rate in GAAP Net Sales in each Fiscal Year of the three-year ____-____ performance period, in each case calculated in comparison to the GAAP Net Sales for Fiscal Year ____, where GAAP Net Sales reflects net sales as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the GRANT DATE. 
 (iii) THREE-YEAR AVERAGE NON-GAAP EBIT MARGIN PERCENT 
 Performance Level FY ____ through FY ____ Three-Year Average Non-GAAP EBIT Margin Percent (1) Required to Achieve Performance Level 
 of TARGET AWARD Earned BELOW THRESHOLD Less than ___ 
 0 THRESHOLD ___ 25 TARGET ___ 100 MAXIMUM ___ or greater 
 200 
 (1) For purposes of this Agreement, EBIT is defined as net income less interest and income taxes as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements for each such year in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the GRANT DATE. For purposes of this agreement, EBIT Margin Percent shall be equal to the EBIT (as defined herein) for each fiscal year of the three-year performance period FYs ____-____, divided by the corresponding fiscal year s net sales (as reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect on the GRANT DATE), and expressed as a percentage. Further, for purposes of this agreement, THREE-YEAR AVERAGE NON-GAAP EBIT MARGIN PERCENT shall be equal to the straight average of the EBIT Margin Percent results for each of the performance years of Fiscal ____, Fiscal ____, and Fiscal ____. The measurement of EBIT Margin Percent shall exclude or adjust for the impact(s) of the following 
 (a) changes in accounting principles (i.e., cumulative effect of U.S. GAAP changes) 
 (b) changes in accounting policies that were not contemplated in the initial targets 
 4 

(c) changes in tax structures or statutory rates that result in a cumulative EBIT impact of greater than ___ million (per fiscal year) during the performance period 
 (d) all items of gain, loss or expense for the performance period related to an exit activity (including flagship closures) 
 (e) impairment of long-lived assets, finite or indefinite lived intangible assets, or goodwill 
 (f) total legal settlements in excess of a cumulative amount of ___ million (per fiscal year) during the performance period and 
 (g) charges or gains from the early extinguishment of funded debt obligations and or lease obligations 
 (h) acquisition-related costs for acquisitions of business(es), as defined under U.S. GAAP 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the potential exclusions noted in (c) and (f) above would be triggered once the cumulative amount of the respective potential exclusion item exceeds ___ million (per fiscal year) during the performance period, in which case the amount greater than ___ million would be excluded. 
 In the event that performance for one, two, or three of the performance goals is between the respective THRESHOLD, TARGET, or MAXIMUM performance levels, linear interpolation will be used to determine the number of EARNED UNITS with respect to that metric. Any portion of the TARGET AWARD not earned based upon the actual performance achieved shall expire and be forfeited without payment of any additional consideration, effective as of the last day of the fiscal year ending ______________. The achievement of the performance goals set forth in this Section 2(A) (and the extent or lack thereof) shall be evidenced by the COMMITTEE s written certification. 
 (B) RESTRICTED PERIOD . Except as provided under Sections 3 and 4 of this AGREEMENT, the period of restriction (the RESTRICTED PERIOD ), after which the EARNED UNITS shall become vested and no longer be subject to forfeiture to the COMPANY, shall lapse according to the following terms. The VESTING DATE shall be defined as the date for vesting which is approved by the COMMITTEE following completion of the three-year performance period and then recorded and communicated through the System of Record, but not later than 60 days after the close of the performance period (or the date of filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, if sooner). The RESTRICTED PERIOD shall lapse as to one-hundred percent of the EARNED UNITS (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11(c) of the PLAN), and such EARNED UNITS shall become vested, on the VESTING DATE, provided PARTICIPANT is employed by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY on such date 
 (C) Non-Transferability of AWARD . The AWARD and any EARNED UNITS may not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability of PARTICIPANT to any party (other than the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY), or assigned or transferred (whether by operation of law or otherwise) by PARTICIPANT, otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and the AWARD and any EARNED UNITS shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
 (D) Lapse of RESTRICTED PERIOD . Upon the lapse of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any EARNED UNITS, as promptly as is reasonably practicable, and in no case later than the 15th day of the third month immediately following the completion of the three-year performance period, SHARES of the 
 5 

COMPANY shall be issued to PARTICIPANT and the COMPANY shall deliver a stock certificate or other appropriate documentation evidencing the number of SHARES of the COMPANY issued in settlement of such vested EARNED UNITS to PARTICIPANT (with each EARNED UNIT representing the right to receive one SHARE of the COMPANY). 
 (E) Tax Withholding . The COMPANY shall have the right to require PARTICIPANT to remit to the COMPANY an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding requirements in respect of the settlement of the AWARD. Unless PARTICIPANT is notified otherwise, the COMPANY will withhold SHARES of the COMPANY otherwise deliverable upon settlement of the AWARD having a FAIR MARKET VALUE (as defined in the PLAN) on the date of settlement equal to the amount required to be withheld (but only to the extent of the minimum amount that must be withheld to comply with applicable federal, state, local and foreign income, employment and wage tax laws). 
 (F) Rights as Holder of AWARD . With respect to the AWARD, PARTICIPANT shall have no rights as a stockholder of the COMPANY (including no right to vote or receive dividends) with respect to any SHARES of the COMPANY covered by the AWARD until the date of issuance to PARTICIPANT of a certificate or other evidence of ownership representing such SHARES in settlement thereof. In addition, dividend equivalents will not be paid or payable with respect to the SHARES of the COMPANY and or the EARNED UNITS subject to this AGREEMENT until such date of issuance. 
 3. Change of Control . Unless the BOARD or the COMMITTEE provides otherwise prior to a Change of Control (as such term is defined in the PLAN), upon a Change of Control, Section 9 of the PLAN shall govern the treatment of the AWARD. For the avoidance of doubt, the performance period under this AGREEMENT for purposes of Section 9(b) of the PLAN shall be the three-fiscal-year period ending _____________. Notwithstanding anything in Section 9(b) of the PLAN to the contrary, for all purposes under this AGREEMENT, in the event of a Change of Control in which fifty percent (50 or more of the performance period applicable to the AWARD has elapsed as of the date of the Change of Control, PARTICIPANT shall be entitled to a pro-rata payment, vesting or settlement of such AWARD based upon actual performance of each of the three performance goals. In the event of a Change of Control in which less than fifty percent (50 of the performance period applicable to the AWARD has elapsed as of the date of the Change of Control, PARTICIPANT shall be entitled to a pro-rata payment, vesting or settlement of such AWARD based upon a TARGET level of performance of each of the three performance goals. 
 4. Effect of Termination of Employment . 
 (A) The grant of the AWARD shall not confer upon PARTICIPANT any right to continue in the employment of the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY or interfere with or limit in any way the right of the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY to modify the terms of or terminate the employment of PARTICIPANT at any time in accordance with applicable law and the COMPANY s or the subsidiary s or affiliate s governing corporate documents. 
 (B) Except as the COMMITTEE may at any time provide, if the employment of PARTICIPANT with the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of 
 6 

the COMPANY is terminated by the COMPANY for CAUSE or as a result of PARTICIPANT S resignation for any reason other than retirement (as defined below), in either case, prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to the AWARD and or any EARNED UNITS, such AWARD and or the EARNED UNITS shall be forfeited to the COMPANY. For purposes of this AGREEMENT only, CAUSE shall mean (i) PARTICIPANT S conviction of, or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony under federal or state law or (ii) fraudulent conduct by PARTICIPANT in connection with the business affairs of the COMPANY or (iii) PARTICIPANT S willful refusal to materially perform PARTICIPANT S duties or (iv) PARTICIPANT S willful misconduct which has, or would have if generally known, a materially adverse effect on the business or reputation of the COMPANY or (v) PARTICIPANT S material breach of a covenant, representation, warranty or obligation of PARTICIPANT to the COMPANY. As to the grounds stated in the above-mentioned clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), such grounds will only constitute CAUSE once the COMPANY has provided PARTICIPANT written notice and PARTICIPANT has failed to cure such issue within 30 days. 
 (C) If PARTICIPANT s employment is terminated by the COMPANY without CAUSE prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and (1) if such termination occurs within the first year of the three-year performance period, the AWARD and or the EARNED UNITS shall be forfeited to the COMPANY, or (2) if such termination occurs after the first year of the three-year performance period, the AWARD shall remain outstanding, the number of EARNED UNITS shall be earned based upon the actual achievement of the respective performance goals over the full three-fiscal-year period and then pro-rated for the number of days PARTICIPANT was employed during the performance period, and such pro-rated number of EARNED UNITS shall become vested upon the COMMITTEE s written certification of the achievement of such goals and payable as of the VESTING DATE notwithstanding the fact that PARTICIPANT is not employed as of the VESTING DATE and any remaining portion of the AWARD shall be forfeited to the COMPANY. 
 (D) If PARTICIPANT becomes totally disabled prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and (1) if such termination occurs after the end of the three-year performance period, the EARNED UNITS shall become fully vested and payable immediately, or (2) if such termination occurs prior to the end of the three-year performance period, the TARGET AWARD shall become fully vested and payable immediately. 
 (E) If PARTICIPANT dies while employed by the COMPANY or one of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and (1) if PARTICIPANT s death occurs after the end of the three-year performance period, the EARNED UNITS shall become fully vested and payable immediately, or (2) if PARTICIPANT s death occurs prior to the end of the three-year performance period, the TARGET AWARD shall become fully vested and payable immediately. 
 (F) If PARTICIPANT retires from employment with the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY at or after attaining the age of 65 (such termination of employment, a retirement prior to the lapsing of the RESTRICTED PERIOD applicable to any EARNED UNITS, such RESTRICTED PERIOD shall immediately lapse and the EARNED UNITS shall become fully vested and payable as of the VESTING DATE notwithstanding the fact that PARTICIPANT is not employed as of the VESTING DATE (and, if such termination occurs prior to _____________, the 
 7 

number of EARNED UNITS shall be based upon the actual achievement of the respective performance goals over the full three-fiscal-year period and such EARNED UNITS shall become fully vested upon the COMMITTEE s written certification of the achievement of such goals and payable as of the VESTING DATE notwithstanding the fact that PARTICIPANT is not employed as of the VESTING DATE and any remaining portion of the AWARD shall be forfeited to the COMPANY. 
 (G) For purposes of this AGREEMENT, total disability shall have the definition set forth in the Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Long Term Disability Plan, which definition is incorporated herein by reference. 
 5. Forfeiture of AWARD . 
 (A) The AWARD and any EARNED UNITS shall be subject to the following additional forfeiture conditions, to which PARTICIPANT, by accepting the AWARD, agrees. If any of the events specified in Section 5(B)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of this AGREEMENT occurs (a FORFEITURE EVENT ), the following forfeiture will result 
 (i) the AWARD and any EARNED UNITS held by PARTICIPANT and not then settled will be immediately forfeited and canceled upon the occurrence of the FORFEITURE EVENT and 
 (ii) PARTICIPANT will be obligated to repay to the COMPANY, in cash, within five business days after demand is made therefor by the COMPANY, the total amount of AWARD GAIN (as defined below) realized by PARTICIPANT upon settlement of the AWARD that occurred on or after (x) the date that is twenty-four months prior to the occurrence of the FORFEITURE EVENT, if the FORFEITURE EVENT occurred while PARTICIPANT was employed by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, or (y) the date that is twenty-four months prior to the date PARTICIPANT s employment by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY terminated, if the FORFEITURE EVENT occurred after PARTICIPANT ceased to be so employed provided, however, that this right of recoupment shall not limit the BOARD s recoupment authority under any applicable clawback or recoupment policy approved by the BOARD. For purposes of this Section 5, the term AWARD GAIN shall mean, in respect of any settlement of the AWARD granted to PARTICIPANT, the FAIR MARKET VALUE of the cash and or SHARES of the COMPANY paid or payable to PARTICIPANT (regardless of any elective deferrals). 
 (B) The forfeitures specified in Section 5(A) of this AGREEMENT will be triggered upon the occurrence of any one of the following FORFEITURE EVENTS at any time during PARTICIPANT s employment by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, or during the twenty-four - month period following termination of such employment 
 (i) PARTICIPANT, acting alone or with others, directly or indirectly, (I) engages, either as employee, employer, consultant, advisor, or director, or as an owner, investor, partner, or stockholder unless PARTICIPANT s interest is insubstantial, in any business in an area or region in which the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY conducts business at the date the event occurs, which is directly in competition with a business then conducted by the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY (II) induces any customer or supplier of the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, with which the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY has a business relationship, to curtail, cancel, not renew, or not continue his or her or its business with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY or (III) induces, or attempts to influence, any employee of or service provider to the COMPANY or a subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY to 
 8 

terminate such employment or service. The COMMITTEE shall, in its discretion, determine which lines of business the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY conduct on any particular date and which third parties may reasonably be deemed to be in competition with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY. For purposes of this Section 5(B)(i), PARTICIPANT s interest as a stockholder is insubstantial if it represents beneficial ownership of less than five percent of the outstanding class of stock, and PARTICIPANT s interest as an owner, investor, or partner is insubstantial if it represents ownership, as determined by the COMMITTEE in its discretion, of less than five percent of the outstanding equity of the entity 
 (ii) PARTICIPANT discloses, uses, sells, or otherwise transfers, except in the course of employment with or other service to the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, any confidential or proprietary information of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, including but not limited to information regarding the COMPANY s or any subsidiary s or affiliate s current and potential customers, organization, employees, finances, and methods of operations and investments, so long as such information has not otherwise been disclosed to the public or is not otherwise in the public domain (other than by PARTICIPANT s breach of this provision), except as required by law or pursuant to legal process, or PARTICIPANT makes statements or representations, or otherwise communicates, directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or otherwise, or takes any other action which may, directly or indirectly, disparage or be damaging to the COMPANY or any of the subsidiaries or affiliates of the COMPANY or their respective officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations, except as required by law or pursuant to legal process 
 (iii) PARTICIPANT fails to cooperate with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY in any way, including, without limitation, by making PARTICIPANT available to testify on behalf of the COMPANY or such subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY in any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, or otherwise fails to assist the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY in any way, including, without limitation, in connection with any such action, suit, or proceeding by providing information and meeting and consulting with members of management of, other representatives of, or counsel to, the COMPANY or such subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY, as reasonably requested or 
 (iv) PARTICIPANT, during the period PARTICIPANT is employed by the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY and for twenty-four months thereafter (the NON-SOLICITATION PERIOD ), alone or in conjunction with another person, (I) interferes with or harms, or attempts to interfere with or harm, the relationship of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY with any person who at any time was a customer or supplier of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY or otherwise had a business relationship with the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY or (II) hires, solicits for hire, aids in or facilitates the hire, or causes to be hired, either as an employee, contractor or consultant, any person who is currently employed, or was employed at any time during the six-month period prior thereto, as an employee, contractor or consultant of the COMPANY or any subsidiary or affiliate of the COMPANY. 
 (C) Despite the conditions set forth in this Section 5, PARTICIPANT is not hereby prohibited from engaging in any activity set forth in Section 5(B)(i) of this AGREEMENT, including but not limited to competition with the COMPANY and the subsidiaries and affiliates of the COMPANY. Rather, the non-occurrence of the FORFEITURE EVENTS set forth in Section 5(B) of this AGREEMENT is a condition to PARTICIPANT s right to realize and retain value from the AWARD, and the consequences under the PLAN and this AGREEMENT if PARTICIPANT engages in an 
 9 

activity giving rise to any such FORFEITURE EVENTS are the forfeitures specified therein and as otherwise provided in this AGREEMENT. The COMPANY and PARTICIPANT shall not be precluded by this provision or otherwise from entering into other agreements concerning the subject matter of Sections 5(A) and 5(B) of this AGREEMENT. 
 (D) The COMMITTEE may, in its discretion, waive in whole or in part the COMPANY s right to forfeiture under this Section 5, but no such waiver shall be effective unless evidenced by a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the COMPANY. 
 (E) In addition to the above, PARTICIPANT agrees that any of the conduct described in Sections 5(B), (ii) and (iv) of this AGREEMENT would result in irreparable injury and damage to the COMPANY for which the COMPANY would have no adequate remedy at law. PARTICIPANT agrees that in the event of such occurrence or any threat thereof, the COMPANY shall be entitled to an immediate injunction and restraining order to prevent such conduct and threatened conduct and or continued conduct by PARTICIPANT and or any and all persons and or entities acting for and or with PARTICIPANT, and without having to prove damages and to all costs and expenses incurred by the COMPANY in seeking to enforce the COMPANY s rights under this AGREEMENT. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies to which the COMPANY may be entitled at law or in equity. PARTICIPANT agrees that the covenants of PARTICIPANT contained in Section 5(B) of this AGREEMENT are reasonable. 
 (F) If the COMMITTEE determines that the earlier determination as to the achievement of any performance goal or performance-based vesting criteria hereunder was based on incorrect data and that in fact the performance goal or performance-based vesting criteria had not been achieved or had been achieved to a lesser extent than originally determined and a number of the EARNED UNITS would not have been granted, earned and or vested, given the correct data, then (i) the aggregate number of SHARES of the COMPANY subject to the TARGET AWARD set forth in Section 1 of this AGREEMENT, and or the aggregate number of EARNED UNITS earned hereunder, shall be reduced by such number of EARNED UNITS that would not have been granted, earned and or vested (such EARNED UNITS, the EXCESS UNITS ), (ii) any EXCESS UNITS that have not yet vested in accordance with the terms of this AGREEMENT shall be forfeited and (iii) any SHARES of the COMPANY received upon settlement of vested EXCESS UNITS (or if such SHARES were disposed of, the cash equivalent) shall be returned to the COMPANY as provided by the COMMITTEE provided, however, that this right of recoupment shall not limit the BOARD s recoupment authority under any applicable clawback or recoupment policy approved by the BOARD. 
 6. Restrictions on Transfers of SHARES . Anything contained in this AGREEMENT or elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding, the COMPANY may postpone the issuance and delivery of SHARES of the COMPANY upon any settlement of the AWARD until completion of any stock exchange listing or registration or other qualification of such SHARES under any state, federal or foreign law, rule or regulation as the COMPANY may consider appropriate and may require PARTICIPANT in connection with the issuance of the SHARES to make such representations and furnish such information as the COMPANY may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance of the SHARES in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. SHARES of the COMPANY issued and delivered upon settlement of the AWARD shall be subject to such restrictions on trading, including appropriate legending of certificates to that effect, as the COMPANY, in its discretion, shall determine are necessary to satisfy applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 10 

7. PLAN as Controlling PARTICIPANT Acknowledgments . All terms and conditions of the PLAN applicable to the AWARD which are not set forth in this AGREEMENT shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. In the event that any term or condition of this AGREEMENT is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the PLAN, the PLAN shall be deemed controlling. PARTICIPANT acknowledges receipt of a copy of the PLAN and of the Prospectus related to the PLAN. PARTICIPANT also acknowledges that all decisions, determinations and interpretations of the COMMITTEE in respect of the PLAN, this AGREEMENT and the AWARD shall be final, conclusive and binding on PARTICIPANT, all other persons interested in the PLAN and stockholders of the COMPANY. 
 8. AWARD Subject to Applicable Laws and COMPANY Policies . This AWARD shall be subject to any applicable clawback or recoupment policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be implemented by the BOARD from time to time in accordance with applicable law. Notwithstanding anything in this AGREEMENT to the contrary, the PLAN, this AGREEMENT, and the AWARD granted hereunder shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, regulations, listing requirements, restrictions, or governmental guidance that becomes applicable to the COMPANY, and the COMMITTEE reserves the right to modify this AGREEMENT and the AWARD as necessary to conform to any restrictions imposed by any such laws, rules, regulations, listing requirements, restrictions, or governmental guidance or to conform to any applicable clawback or recoupment policies, share trading policies, and other policies that may be implemented by the BOARD from time to time. As a condition of participating in the Plan, and by PARTICIPANT s acceptance of the AWARD, PARTICIPANT is deemed to have agreed to any such modifications that may be imposed by the COMMITTEE, and agrees to sign such waivers or acknowledgments as the COMMITTEE may deem necessary or appropriate with respect to such modifications. 
 9. Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by applicable federal or foreign law, this AGREEMENT shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, except with respect to provisions relating to the covenants set forth in Section 5 of this AGREEMENT, which shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio. 
 10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative . All rights and remedies of the COMPANY and of PARTICIPANT enumerated in this AGREEMENT shall be cumulative and, except as expressly provided otherwise in this AGREEMENT, none shall exclude any other rights or remedies allowed by law or in equity, and each of said rights or remedies may be exercised and enforced concurrently. 
 11. Captions . The captions contained in this AGREEMENT are included only for convenience of reference and do not define, limit, explain or modify this AGREEMENT or its interpretation, construction or meaning and are in no way to be construed as a part of this AGREEMENT. 
 12. Severability . If any provision of this AGREEMENT or the application of any provision hereof to any person or any circumstance shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such determination shall not affect any other provision of this AGREEMENT or the application of said provision to any other person or circumstance, all of which other provisions shall remain in full force and effect, and it is the intention of each party to this AGREEMENT that if any provision of this AGREEMENT is susceptible of two or more constructions, one of which would render the provision enforceable and the 
 11 

other or others of which would render the provision unenforceable, then the provision shall have the meaning which renders it enforceable. 
 13. Number and Gender . When used in this AGREEMENT, the number and gender of each pronoun shall be construed to be such number and gender as the context, circumstances or its antecedent may require. 
 14. Entire Agreement . This AGREEMENT, including the PLAN incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the COMPANY and PARTICIPANT in respect of the subject matter of this AGREEMENT, and this AGREEMENT supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements between the parties hereto in connection with the subject matter of this AGREEMENT. No officer, employee or other servant or agent of the COMPANY, and no servant or agent of PARTICIPANT, is authorized to make any representation, warranty or other promise not contained in this AGREEMENT. Other than as set forth in Section 11(e) of the PLAN or Section 8 of this AGREEMENT, no change, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions of this AGREEMENT shall be binding upon either party hereto unless contained in a writing signed by the party to be charged. 
 15. Successors and Assigns of the COMPANY . The obligations of the COMPANY under this AGREEMENT shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization of the COMPANY, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and businesses of the COMPANY. 

Remainder of page intentionally left blank signature page follows 
 12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the COMPANY has caused this AGREEMENT to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and PARTICIPANT has executed this AGREEMENT, in each case effective as of the GRANT DATE. 
 COMPANY 
 
 ABERCROMBIE & FITCH CO. 

By Name 
 Title Title 

PARTICIPANT 

Printed Name 

Address 

13 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 exhibit211q42022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 
 
 The direct and indirect subsidiaries of Abercrombie & Fitch Co at January 28, 2023, are listed below. 
 
 Name State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 1. Abercrombie & Fitch Holding Corporation Delaware 2. Abercrombie & Fitch Distribution Company Ohio 3. Abercrombie & Fitch Management Co. Delaware 4. A & F Trademark, Inc. Delaware 5. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc. Ohio 6. Hollister Co. Delaware 7. Abercrombie & Fitch International, Inc. Delaware 8. Fan Company, LLC Ohio 9. Canoe, LLC Ohio 10. Crombie, LLC Ohio 11. DFZ, LLC Ohio 12. NSOP, LLC Ohio 13. J.M.H. Trademark, Inc. Delaware 14. Abercrombie & Fitch Europe SAGL Switzerland 15. Abercrombie & Fitch Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 16. AFH Puerto Rico LLC Ohio (Qualified in PR) 17. A&F Canada Holding Co. Delaware 18. Abercrombie & Fitch Trading Co. Ohio 19. AF 1892 Mexico, S. de R. L. de C.V. Mexico 20. AFH Canada Stores Co. Nova Scotia 21. AFH Japan GK Japan 22. Abercrombie & Fitch Italia SRL Italy 23. AFH Stores UK Limited United Kingdom 24. Abercrombie & Fitch (France) SAS France 25. Abercrombie & Fitch (Spain) S.L. Spain 26. Abfico Netherlands Distribution B.V. The Netherlands 27. AFH Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 28. A&F Hollister Ireland Limited Ireland 29. AFH Hong Kong Stores Limited Hong Kong 30. AFH Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore 31. A&F HCo Stores AT GmbH Austria 32. AFH Belgium SPRL Belgium 33. AFH Poland Sp. z.o.o. Poland 34. AFH Co. Stores Netherlands B.V. The Netherlands 35. AFH Fulfillment NL B.V. The Netherlands 36. AFH Logistics DWC-LLC Dubai 37. Abercrombie & Fitch Procurement Services, LLC Ohio 38. Hollister Co. California, LLC California 39. AFH Germany GmbH Germany 40. AFH Sweden Aktiebolag Sweden 

41. AFH Trading (Shanghai) Co., LTD. Peoples Republic of China 42. AFH International Trading Shanghai Co., Ltd. Peoples Republic of China 43. Hollister Fashion L.L.C. Dubai 44. AFH BLP HK Limited Hong Kong 45. Majid Al Futtaim Apparel Ready Wear WLL Kuwait 46. Abercrombie & Fitch Holding B.V. The Netherlands 47. Abercrombie & Fitch Worldwide Holding LLC Ohio 48. Abercrombie & Fitch Holding SAGL Switzerland 49. AFH International Trading (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Peoples Republic of China 50. Social Tourist LLC Delaware 
 
 Subsidiary of third-party Majid Al Futtaim Fashion LLC (51.33 and AFH Logistics DWC-LLC (48.67 A&F has no equity interest in this joint venture 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 exhibit231q42022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-15941, 333-15945, 333-60189, 333-81373, 333-100079, 333-107646, 333-107648, 333-128000, 333-145166, 333-176135, 333-212059, 333-212060, 333-218761, 333-218762, 333-227271, 333-233714, 333-239074, 333-239079, 333-259385 and 333-267317 of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. of our report dated March 27, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10 K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 10
 exhibit241q42022.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 s NIGEL TRAVIS Nigel Travis 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned officer and director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Scott D. Lipesky, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s FRAN HOROWITZ Fran Horowitz 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned officer of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s SCOTT D. LIPESKY Scott D. Lipesky 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s KERRII B. ANDERSON Kerrii B. Anderson 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s TERRY L. BURMAN Terry L. Burman 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s SUSIE COULTER Susie Coulter 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s SARAH M. GALLAGHER Sarah M. Gallagher 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s JAMES A. GOLDMAN James A. Goldman 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s MICHAEL E. GREENLEES Michael E. Greenlees 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 
 s HELEN E. MCCLUSKEY Helen E. McCluskey 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 s KENNETH B. ROBINSON Kenneth B. Robinson 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned director of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby constitutes and appoints Fran Horowitz and Scott D. Lipesky, each with full power to act alone and, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney-in-fact and agent to sign for the undersigned, in any and all capacities, such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 27th day of March, 2023 
 s HELEN VAID Helen Vaid 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 exhibit311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Fran Horowitz, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 27, 2023 By s Fran Horowitz Fran Horowitz Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 exhibit312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Scott D. Lipesky, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 27, 2023 By s Scott D. Lipesky Scott D. Lipesky Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 exhibit321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certifications by Chief Executive Officer (who serves as Principal Executive Officer) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (who serves as Principal Financial Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Fran Horowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation (serving as Principal Executive Officer of the Corporation) and Scott D. Lipesky, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation (serving as Principal Financial Officer of the Corporation), certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 
 By s Fran Horowitz By s Scott D. Lipesky Fran Horowitz Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Scott D. Lipesky Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated March 27, 2023 Dated March 27, 2023 

These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Corporation specifically incorporates these certifications by reference in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 anf-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 anf-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 anf-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 anf-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 anf-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

