<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_883237_0000883237-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21418877</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>297153</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>11483876</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4018401</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2920813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2499211</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000883237-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227162841
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000883237-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883237
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				263962811
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10994
		FILM NUMBER:		23675383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE FINANCIAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HARTFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		860-263-4707

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE FINANCIAL PLAZA
		STREET 2:		26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HARTFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHOENIX INVESTMENT PARTNERS LTD/CT
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990312

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHOENIX DUFF & PHELPS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUFF & PHELPS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000883237-23-000018.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 vrts-20221231.htm
 10-K VRTS 12.31.2022

vrts-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold (based on the closing share price as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market) as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately billion. For purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock held or controlled by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been treated as shares held by affiliates. 
 There were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding on February 10, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 16 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 17 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 34 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 35 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 38 
 
 "We," "us," "our," the "Company," and "Virtus" as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Annual Report") refer to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business. 
 Organization 
 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, commenced operations on November 1, 1995 and became an independent publicly traded company on December 31, 2008. 
 
 Our Business 
 We provide investment management and related services to individuals and institutions. We use a multi-manager, multi-style approach, offering investment strategies from affiliated managers, each having its own distinct investment style, autonomous investment process, individual brand, and select unaffiliated subadvisers. By offering a broad array of products, we believe we can appeal to a greater number of investors and have offerings across market cycles and through changes in investor preferences. Through our multi-manager model, we provide our affiliated managers with centralized U.S. retail distribution capabilities and offer institutional sales and business support resources to support affiliate operations. 
 
 We offer investment strategies for individual and institutional investors in different investment products and through multiple distribution channels. Our investment strategies are available in a diverse range of styles and disciplines, managed by differentiated investment managers. We have offerings in various asset classes (equity, fixed income, multi-asset and alternative), geographies (domestic, global, international and emerging), market capitalizations (large, mid and small), styles (growth, core and value) and investment approaches (fundamental and quantitative). Our retail products include mutual funds registered pursuant to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended ("U.S. retail funds"); Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities and Qualifying Investor Funds (collectively, "global funds") and collectively with U.S. retail funds, variable insurance funds, exchange-traded funds ("ETFs"), the "open-end funds"); closed-end funds (collectively, with open-end funds, the "funds"); and retail separate accounts that include intermediary-sold and private client accounts. Our investment strategies are offered to institutional clients through separate accounts and pooled, or commingled, structures. We also provide subadvisory services to other investment advisers and serve as the collateral manager for structured products. 
 
 Our Investment Managers 
 We provide investment management services through our affiliated investment managers who are registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Advisers Act"). The investment managers are responsible for portfolio management activities for our retail and institutional products operating under advisory, subadvisory or collateral management agreements. We also use the investment management services of select unaffiliated managers to sub-advise certain of our open- and closed-end funds. We monitor our managers' services by assessing their performance, style and consistency and the discipline with which they apply their investment process. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Our affiliated investment managers, their respective investment styles and assets under management as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Affiliated Manager Headquarters Investment Style Assets 
 (in billions) 
 Ceredex Value Advisors 
 Founded 1995 
 Orlando, FL Value Equities 7.0 Duff Phelps Investment Management 
 Founded 1932 
 Chicago, IL Listed Real Assets 12.0 Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management 
 Founded 1984 
 Los Angeles, CA Quality-Oriented Equities 47.4 Newfleet Asset Management (1) 
 Founded 2011 
 Hartford, CT Multi-Sector Fixed Income 12.1 NFJ Investment Group 
 Founded 1989 
 Dallas, TX Global Value Equities 6.8 Seix Investment Advisors (1) 
 Founded 1992 
 Park Ridge, NJ Investment Grade and Leveraged Finance Fixed Income 14.4 Silvant Capital Management 
 Founded 2008 
 Atlanta, GA Growth Equities 1.7 Stone Harbor Investment Partners (1) 
 Founded 2006 
 New York, NY Emerging Markets Debt 6.6 Sustainable Growth Advisers 
 Founded 2003 
 Stamford, CT Global Growth Equities 20.8 Westchester Capital Management 
 Founded 1989 
 Valhalla, NY Event-Driven Equity 5.1 Virtus Multi-Asset (1) Hartford, CT Global Multi-Asset 0.2 Virtus Systematic (1) San Diego, CA Systematic Equity 0.5 Zevenbergen Capital Investments (2) 
 Founded 1987 
 Seattle, WA High Growth Equity 1.3 
 (1) Operates as a division within a broader legal entity. 
 (2) Affiliated through ownership of a minority interest. 
 
 Our select unaffiliated subadvisers, their respective investment styles and assets under management as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Unaffiliated Subadviser Investment Style Assets 
 (in billions) 
 Voya Investment Management Income Growth and Convertible 9.8 Vontobel Asset Management, Inc. International Growth Equity 2.6 Other Risk-Based Quantitative, Income-Focused Equity and Systematic Quantitative 1.1 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Our Investment Products 
 Our assets under management are in open-end funds, closed-end funds, retail separate accounts and institutional accounts. Our earnings are primarily from asset-based fees charged for services relating to these various products, including investment management, fund administration, distribution and shareholder services. 
 Assets Under Management by Product as of December 31, 2022 Products (in billions) Open-end funds (1) 53.0 Closed-end funds 10.4 Retail separate accounts 35.4 Institutional accounts (2) 50.7 Total Assets Under Management 149.4 
 (1) Represents assets under management of U.S. retail funds, global funds, ETFs and variable insurance funds. 
 (2) Represents assets under management of institutional separate and commingled accounts, including structured products. 
 
 Open-End Funds 
 Our U.S. retail funds are offered in a variety of asset classes (domestic, global and international equity, taxable and non-taxable fixed income, multi-asset and alternative investments), market capitalizations (large, mid and small), styles (growth, core and value) and investment approaches (fundamental and quantitative). Our global funds are offered in select investment strategies to non-U.S. investors. Our ETFs are offered in a range of actively managed and index-based investment capabilities across multiple asset classes. Summary information about our open-end funds as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Asset Class Number of Funds Total Assets 
 (in millions) 
 Advisory Fee Range (1) Domestic Equity 27 18,021 2.15 - 0.29 Fixed Income 46 15,298 1.85 - 0.21 International Equity 14 4,077 1.20 - 0.21 Multi-Asset 4 5,662 0.75 - 0.45 Alternative 16 6,319 1.25 - 0.45 Specialty Equity 9 2,391 0.95 - 0.59 Global Equity 7 1,232 1.85 - 0.65 Total Open-End Funds 123 53,000 
 (1) Percentage of average daily net assets. The percentages listed represent the range of management advisory fees paid by the funds, from the highest to the lowest. The range indicated includes the impact of breakpoints at which management advisory fees for certain of the funds in each fund type decrease as assets in such funds increase. Subadvisory fees paid on funds managed by unaffiliated subadvisers are not reflected in the percentages listed. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Closed-End Funds 
 Our closed-end funds are offered in a variety of asset classes such as equity, fixed income and multi-asset. We managed the following closed-end funds as of December 31, 2022, each of which is traded on the New York Stock Exchange: 
 Asset Class Number of Funds Total Assets 
 (in millions) 
 Advisory Fee Range (1) Multi-Asset 5 7,159 1.00 - 0.50 Fixed Income 7 1,746 1.00 - 0.50 Equity 1 786 1.25 Alternatives 1 670 1.00 Total Closed-End Funds 14 10,361 
 (1) Percentage of average weekly or daily net assets. The percentages listed represent the range of management advisory fees paid by the funds, from the highest to the lowest. The range indicated includes the impact of breakpoints at which management advisory fees for certain of the funds in each fund type decrease as assets in such funds increase. Subadvisory fees paid on funds managed by unaffiliated subadvisers are not reflected in the percentages listed. 
 
 Retail Separate Accounts 
 Intermediary-Sold Managed Accounts 
 Intermediary-sold managed accounts are individual investment accounts that are contracted through intermediaries as part of investment programs offered to retail investors. Summary information about our intermediary-sold managed accounts as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Asset Class Total Assets 
 (in millions) 
 Equity Domestic 26,789 Global 357 Specialty 77 International 82 Fixed Income Leveraged finance 1,464 Investment grade 193 Multi-Asset 198 Total Intermediary-Sold Managed Accounts 29,160 
 
 Private Client Accounts 
 Private client accounts are investment accounts offered by certain affiliates directly to individual investors. Services provided include investment and wealth advisory services employing both affiliated and unaffiliated investment managers and select third-party business partners. Summary information about our private client accounts as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Asset Class Total Assets 
 (in millions) 
 Multi-Asset 6,054 Fixed Income Investment grade 110 Leveraged finance 3 Equity Domestic 25 Total Private Client Accounts 6,192 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Institutional Accounts 
 Our institutional clients include corporations, multi-employer retirement funds, public employee retirement systems, foundations and endowments. We also act as collateral manager for 12 collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs"). In addition, we provide subadvisory services to unaffiliated mutual funds. Summary information about our institutional accounts as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Asset Class Total Assets 
 (in millions) 
 Equity Domestic 20,112 International 1,241 Global 6,703 Fixed Income Leveraged finance 12,338 Investment grade 5,752 Alternative 3,653 Multi-Asset 864 Total Institutional Accounts 50,663 
 
 Other Fee Earning Assets 
 Other fee earning assets include assets for which we provide services for an asset-based fee but do not serve as the investment adviser. Other fee earning assets are not included in our assets under management. At December 31, 2022, we had 2.5 billion of other fee earning assets. 
 
 Our Investment Management, Administration and Shareholder Services 
 Our investment management, administration and shareholder service fees earned in each of the last three years were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Open-end funds 335,585 395,152 250,030 Closed-end funds 63,841 63,301 36,833 Retail separate accounts 171,509 174,919 104,932 Institutional accounts 157,404 148,213 113,543 Total investment management fees 728,339 781,585 505,338 Administration fees 61,344 73,113 41,582 Shareholder service fees 24,518 29,418 17,881 Total 814,201 884,116 564,801 
 
 Investment Management Fees 
 We provide investment management services through our affiliated investment advisers (each an "Adviser") pursuant to investment management agreements. For our sponsored funds, we earn fees based on each fund's average daily or weekly net assets with most fee schedules providing for rate declines or "breakpoints" as asset levels increase to certain thresholds. For funds managed by subadvisers, the day-to-day investment management of the fund's portfolio is performed by the subadviser, which receives a management fee based on a percentage of the Adviser's management fee. Each fund bears all expenses associated with its operations. In some cases, to the extent total fund expenses exceed a specified percentage of a fund's average net assets, the Adviser has agreed to reimburse the fund's expenses in excess of that level. 
 
 For retail separate accounts and institutional accounts, investment management fees are negotiated and based primarily on portfolio size and complexity, individual client requests and investment strategy capacity, as appropriate. In certain instances, institutional fees may include performance-related fees, generally earned if the returns on the portfolios exceed agreed upon periodic or cumulative return targets, primarily benchmark indices. Fees for CLOs, for which we act as the collateral manager, 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 consist of senior, subordinated and, in certain instances, incentive management fees. Senior and subordinated management fees are calculated at a contractual fee rate applied against the end of the preceding quarter par value of the total collateral being managed with subordinated fees being recognized only after certain portfolio criteria are met. Incentive fees on certain of our structured products are typically a percentage of the excess cash flows available to holders of the subordinated notes, above a threshold level internal rate of return. 
 
 Administration Fees 
 We provide various administrative services to our U.S. retail funds, ETFs and the majority of our closed-end funds. We earn fees based on each fund's average daily or weekly net assets. These services include: record keeping, preparing and filing documents required to comply with securities laws, legal administration and compliance services, customer service, supervision of the activities of the funds' service providers, tax services and treasury services as well as providing office space, equipment and personnel that may be necessary for managing and administering the business affairs of the funds. 
 
 Shareholder Service Fees 
 We provide shareholder services to our U.S. retail funds. We earn fees based on each fund's average daily net assets. Shareholder services include maintaining shareholder accounts, processing shareholder transactions, preparing filings and performing necessary reporting, among other things. 
 
 Our Distribution Services 
 Our products are offered through various retail and institutional distribution channels. 
 
 Retail 
 Our retail distribution resources in the U.S. consist of regional sales professionals, a national account relationship group and specialized teams for retirement and ETFs. Our U.S. retail funds and retail separate accounts are distributed through financial intermediaries. We have broad distribution access in the U.S. retail market, with distribution partners that include national and regional broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers and registered investment advisers, banks and insurance companies. In many of these firms, we have a number of products that are on preferred "recommended" lists and on fee-based advisory programs. Our private client business is marketed directly to individual clients by financial advisory teams at our affiliated investment managers. 
 
 Institutional 
 Our institutional distribution resources include affiliate specific institutional sales teams primarily focused on the U.S. market, supported by shared consultant relation support and non-U.S. institutional distribution. Our institutional products are marketed through relationships with consultants as well as directly to clients. We target key market segments, including foundations and endowments, corporations, public and private pension plans, sovereign wealth funds and subadvisory relationships. 
 
 Our Broker-Dealer Services 
 We operate a broker-dealer that is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). Our broker-dealer serves as the principal underwriter and distributor of our funds under sales agreements with unaffiliated financial intermediaries, provides market advisory services to sponsors of retail separate accounts, and is also a program manager and distributor of a qualified tuition plan under Section 529 of the Internal Revenue Code ("529 Plan"). Our broker-dealer is subject to the net capital rule of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which is designed to enforce minimum standards regarding the general financial condition and liquidity of broker-dealers. 
 
 Our Competition 
 We face significant competition from a wide variety of financial institutions, including other investment management companies, as well as from proprietary products offered by our distribution partners such as banks, broker-dealers and financial planning firms. Competition in our businesses is based on several factors, including investment performance, fees charged, access to distribution channels, and service to financial advisors and their clients. Our competitors, many of which are larger than us, often offer similar products and use similar distribution sources, and may also offer less expensive products, have greater access to key distribution channels and have greater resources than we do. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to regulation by the SEC and other federal and state agencies, as well as FINRA and other self-regulatory organizations. Each of our affiliated investment managers and unaffiliated subadvisers is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act. Our affiliated investment managers operating outside of the U.S. are also subject to regulation by various regulatory authorities and exchanges in the relevant jurisdictions, including, for those active in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"). We have distribution teams that operate offices in the UK and Singapore and are subject to regulation by both the FCA and Monetary Authority of Singapore, respectively. Each of our U.S. sponsored funds is registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended ("the Investment Company Act"). Our global funds are registered with and subject to regulation by the Central Bank of Ireland. New regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate change or other environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters, which could negatively affect us or materially increase our regulatory burden. Increased regulations generally increase our costs, and we could continue to experience higher costs if new laws require us to spend more time, hire additional personnel, or purchase new technology to comply effectively. 
 
 The financial services industry is highly regulated, and failure to comply with related laws and regulations can result in the revocation of registrations, the imposition of censures or fines and the suspension or expulsion of a firm and/or its employees from the industry. Most aspects of our investment management business are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws and regulations. 
 
 Our U.S.-domiciled open-end mutual funds are generally available for sale and are qualified in all 50 states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Our global funds are sold to non-U.S. institutional and retail clients who are not citizens or residents of the U.S. 
 
 Our officers, directors and employees may, from time to time, own securities that are also held by one or more of our funds or strategies offered to clients. We have adopted a Code of Ethics pursuant to the provisions of the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act that require the disclosure of personal securities holdings and trading activity by all employees on a quarterly and annual basis. Employees with investment discretion or access to investment decisions are subject to additional restrictions with respect to the pre-clearance of the purchase or sale of securities over which they have investment discretion or beneficial interest. Our Code of Ethics also imposes restrictions with respect to personal transactions in securities that are held, recently sold, or contemplated for purchase by our mutual funds, and certain transactions are restricted so as to avoid the possibility of improper use of information relating to the management of client accounts. 
 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 772 employees and we operate offices in the U.S., UK and Singapore. We strive to attract and retain talented individuals by creating an environment of excellence and opportunity that serves as a foundation for all employees to reach their potential and make meaningful contributions to the organization. We have competitive salaries and offer a comprehensive suite of benefits, including programs that support wellness, financial security, and professional development. 
 
 We regularly assess and benchmark our compensation and benefit practices and conduct internal and external pay comparisons to assist us in ensuring that employees are compensated fairly, equitably and competitively. 
 We offer career enhancement opportunities to maximize each employee's potential and develop leaders throughout the organization. 
 We provide an education assistance program with tuition reimbursement for employees who wish to continue their education to secure increased responsibility and growth within their careers. 
 We offer benefits that promote financial and personal security including comprehensive insurance coverage, matching 401(k) employee contributions, an employee stock purchase plan and employee reimbursement of work-related expenses. 
 Our wellness programs include health screenings and wellness earned premium rebates, as well as paid time off for vacation, illness, bereavement, parental and family care leave, and volunteer activities. 
 
 We depend upon our key personnel to manage our business, including our senior executives, portfolio managers, securities analysts, investment advisers, sales personnel and other professionals. The retention of our key investment personnel is material to the management of our business. The departure of our key investment personnel could cause us to lose certain client accounts, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our value as a company derives from the talents and diversity of our employees, and we are committed to creating and maintaining an environment where every employee is treated with dignity and respect. The collective sum of our individual differences, backgrounds, unique skills, and life experiences creates an environment where employees and the company can achieve the highest levels of performance. Our programs and practices in (i) workforce diversity, (ii) inclusive culture, (iii) community participation, (iv) employee involvement, and (v) philanthropy are designed to help us deliver on our commitment to maintaining an organization that is diverse, equitable, and inclusive for all employees. 
 
 We collaborate with organizations, institutions, and referral sources to identify diverse talent pools and increase the diversity of potential candidates. 
 We prohibit any form of discrimination and have no tolerance for harassment in any form or any behavior that may contribute to a hostile, intimidating, unwelcoming, and/or inaccessible work environment. 
 We engage with employees across the organization to raise the awareness of and advance our diversity and inclusion efforts. 
 We and our employees have a rich history of community engagement and philanthropic activities that support the diverse needs of the communities in which we have a business presence. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as proxy statements, are available free of charge on our website located at www.virtus.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including our filings, are also available to the public on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 A copy of our Corporate Governance Principles, our Code of Conduct and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance Committee are posted on our website at http://ir.virtus.com under "Corporate Governance" and are available in print to any person who requests copies by contacting Investor Relations by email to: investor.relations@virtus.com or by mail to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc., c/o Investor Relations, One Financial Plaza, Hartford, CT 06103. The Company may use its website as a distribution channel of material company information. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Company s website at http://ir.virtus.com. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about the Company when you enroll your email address by visiting http://ir.virtus.com. Information contained on the website is not incorporated by reference or otherwise considered part of this document. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 This section describes some of the potential risks relating to our business. The risks described below are some of the more important factors that could affect our business. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in evaluating the Company and our common stock. If any of the risks described below actually occur, our business, revenues, profitability, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY, BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 We earn substantially all of our revenues based on assets under management that fluctuate based on many factors, and any reduction would negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 
 The majority of our revenues are generated from asset-based fees from investment management products and services to individuals and institutions. Therefore, if assets under management decline, our fee revenues would decline, reducing profitability as certain of our expenses are fixed or have contractual terms. Assets under management could decline due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 General domestic and global economic, political and public health conditions. Capital, equity and credit markets can experience substantial volatility. Changes in interest rates, the availability and cost of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates, national and international political circumstances and conflicts, public health issues and other conditions may impact the capital, equity and credit markets. Employment rates, economic weakness and budgetary challenges in parts of the world, uncertainty regarding governmental regulations and international trade policies, conflicts such as in Ukraine, concern over prospects in China and emerging markets, and growing debt for certain countries all indicate that economic and political conditions remain 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 unpredictable. The occurrence of public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic that affect public health and public perception of health risk, as well as local, state and/or national government restrictive measures implemented to control such issues, could adversely affect the global financial markets, our employees and the systems we rely on. For example, the outbreak and spread of contagious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020, resulted in a widespread global public health crisis, which had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on global financial markets. Any of the conditions listed herein, among others, may impact our assets under management. 
 
 The volatility in the markets in the past has highlighted the interconnection of the global economies and markets and has demonstrated how the deteriorating financial condition of one institution may adversely impact the performance of other institutions. Our assets under management have exposure to many different industries and counterparties and may be exposed to credit, operational or other risk due to the default by a counterparty or client or in the event of a market failure or disruption. Negative, uncertain or diminishing investor confidence in the markets and/or adverse market conditions could result in a decrease in investor risk tolerance. Such a decrease could prompt investors to reduce their rate of investment or to partially or fully withdraw from markets, which could reduce our overall assets under management and have an adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and growth prospects. In the event of extreme circumstances, including economic, political or business or health crises, such as a widespread systemic failure in the global financial system, failures of firms that have significant obligations as counterparties, political conflicts or global pandemics, we may suffer significant declines in assets under management and severe liquidity or valuation issues. 
 
 Price declines in individual securities, market segments or geographic areas. Portfolios that we manage that are focused on certain geographic markets or industry sectors are particularly vulnerable to political, social and economic events in those markets and sectors. If those markets or industries decline or experience volatility, this could have a negative impact on our assets under management and our revenues. For example, certain non-U.S. markets, particularly emerging markets, are not as developed or as efficient as the U.S. financial markets and, as a result, may be less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than the U.S. financial markets. In addition, certain industry sectors can experience significant volatility, such as the technology or oil sector. Liquidity or values in such markets or sectors may be adversely impacted by factors including political or economic events, government policies, expropriation, volume trading limits by foreign investors, social or civil unrest, etc. These factors may negatively impact the market value of a security or our ability to dispose of it. 
 
 Real or perceived negative absolute or relative performance. Sales and redemptions of our investment strategies can be affected by investment performance relative to established benchmarks or other competing investment strategies. Our investment management strategies are rated, ranked or assessed by independent third-parties, distribution partners and industry periodicals and services. These assessments often influence the investment decisions of clients. If the performance of our investment strategies is perceived to be underperforming relative to peers, it could result in increased withdrawals of assets by existing clients and the inability to attract additional investments from new and existing clients. 
 
 We may engage in significant transactions that may not achieve the anticipated benefits or could expose us to additional or increased risks. 
 We have executed several inorganic transactions over the past years and we regularly evaluate potential transactions, including acquisitions, consolidations, joint ventures, strategic partnerships, or similar transactions, some of which could be significant. Our past acquisitions and strategic transactions have led to a significant increase in our assets under management and an expansion of our product and service offerings. We cannot provide assurance that we will continue to be successful in closing on transactions or achieving anticipated financial benefits, including such things as revenue or cost synergies. 
 
 Any transaction may also involve a number of other risks, including additional demands on our staff, unanticipated problems regarding integration of operating facilities, technologies and new employees, and the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to, or otherwise unknown by, us prior to closing a transaction. In addition, any business we acquire may underperform relative to expectations or may lose customers or employees. 
 
 Our investment advisory agreements are subject to renegotiation or termination on short notice, which could negatively impact our business. 
 Our clients include our sponsored fund investors, represented by boards of trustees or directors (the "boards"), managed account program sponsors, individual private clients, and institutional clients. Our investment management agreements with these clients may be terminated on short notice and without penalty. As a result, there would be little impediment for these clients to terminate our agreements. Our clients may renegotiate their investment contracts, or reduce the assets we manage for them, due to a number of reasons including, but not limited to: poor investment performance; loss of key investment personnel; 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 a change in the client's or third-party distributors' decision makers; and reputational, regulatory or compliance issues. The boards of our sponsored funds may deem it to be in the best interests of a fund's shareholders to make decisions adverse to us, such as reducing the compensation paid to us, requesting that we subsidize fund expenses over certain thresholds, or imposing restrictions on our management of the fund. Under the Investment Company Act, investment advisory agreements automatically terminate in the event of an assignment, which may occur if, among other events, the Company undergoes a change in control, such as any person acquiring 25 of the voting rights of our common stock. If an assignment were to occur, we cannot be certain that the funds' boards and shareholders would approve a new investment advisory agreement. In addition, investment advisory agreements for the separate accounts we manage may not be assigned without the consent of the client. If an assignment occurs, we cannot be certain that the Company will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or client consents. The withdrawal, renegotiation or termination of any investment management contract relating to a material portion of assets under management would have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business could be harmed by any damage to our reputation and lead to a reduction in our revenues and profitability. 
 Maintaining a positive reputation with existing and potential clients, the investment community and other constituencies is critical to our success. Our reputation is vulnerable to many threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate even if they are without merit or satisfactorily addressed. Our reputation may be impacted by many factors including, but not limited to: poor performance; litigation; conflicts of interests; regulatory inquiries, investigations or findings; operational failures (including cyber breaches); intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products or services by us or our third-party service providers; material weaknesses in our internal controls; or employee misconduct or rumors. Any damage to our reputation could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, adversely impact relationships with clients, third-party distributors and other business partners, and lead to a reduction in the amount of our assets under management, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our debt agreements contain covenants, required principal repayments and other provisions that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We incur indebtedness for a variety of business reasons, including in relation to financing acquisitions and transactions. The indebtedness we incur can take many forms including, but not limited to, term loans or revolving lines of credit that customarily contain covenants. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 261.6 million of total debt outstanding under its credit agreement, excluding debt of consolidated investment products ("CIP"), and had no borrowings outstanding under its 175.0 million revolving credit facility. Under our credit agreement, we are required to use a portion of our cash flow to service interest and make required annual principal payments, which will restrict our cash flow available for other purposes. The credit agreement also contains covenants that may limit our ability to return capital to shareholders. We cannot provide assurances that at all times in the future we will satisfy all such covenants or obtain any required waiver or amendment, in which event all indebtedness could become immediately due. Any or all of the above factors could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may need to obtain additional capital in the future that may not be available to us in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our ability to meet our future cash needs is dependent upon our ability to generate or have short-term access to cash. Although we have generated sufficient cash in the past, we may not do so in the future. The Company had unused capacity under its revolving credit facility of 175.0 million as of December 31, 2022. Our ability to access capital markets efficiently depends on a number of factors, including the state of credit and equity markets, interest rates and credit spreads. At December 31, 2022, we had 261.6 million in debt outstanding, excluding the notes payable of our CIP for which risk of loss to the Company is limited to our 78.9 million investment in such products. See Note 21 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the notes payable of the CIP. We may need to raise capital to fund new business initiatives in the future, and financing may not be available to us in sufficient amounts, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to access sufficient capital on acceptable terms, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our business relies on the ability to attract and retain key employees, and the loss of such employees could negatively affect our financial performance. 
 The success of our business is dependent to a large extent on our ability to attract and retain key employees, such as senior executives, portfolio managers, securities analysts and sales personnel. There is significant competition in the job market for these professionals and compensation levels in the industry are highly competitive. Our industry is also characterized by the movement of investment professionals among different firms. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to continue to attract and retain key employees, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain key employees increase, our performance, including our competitive position, could be adversely affected. Additionally, we utilize equity awards as part of our compensation plans and as a means for recruiting and retaining key employees. Declines in our stock price would result in deterioration of the value of equity awards granted, thus lessening the effectiveness of using stock-based awards to retain key employees. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the departure of key investment personnel could cause higher redemption rates in certain strategies or the loss of certain client accounts. Any inability to retain key employees, attract qualified employees or replace key employees in a timely manner could lead to a reduction in the amount of our assets under management, which would have an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. In addition, there could be additional costs to replace, retain or attract new talent that could result in a decrease in our profitability and have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry that may require us to reduce our fees or increase amounts paid to financial intermediaries, which could result in a reduction of our revenues and profitability. 
 We face significant competition from a wide variety of financial institutions, including other investment management companies, as well as from proprietary products offered by our distribution partners such as banks, broker-dealers and financial planning firms. Competition in our businesses is based on several factors, including investment performance, fees charged, access to distribution channels and service to financial advisors. Our competitors, many of which are larger, often offer similar products, use the same distribution sources, offer less expensive products, maintain greater access to key distribution channels, and have greater resources, geographic footprints and name recognition. Additionally, certain products and asset classes that we do not currently offer, such as passive or index-based products, are popular with investors. Existing clients may withdraw their assets in order to invest in these products, and we may be unable to attract additional investments from existing and new clients, which would lead to a decline in our assets under management and market share. 
 
 Our profits are highly dependent on the fees we earn for our products and services. Competition could cause us to reduce the fees that we charge. If our clients, including our fund boards, were to view our fees as being inappropriately high relative to the market or the returns generated by our investment products, we may choose, or be required, to reduce our fee levels, or we may experience significant redemptions in our assets under management, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We utilize unaffiliated firms to provide investment management services and any matters that adversely impact them or any change in our relationships with them could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 We utilize unaffiliated subadvisers as investment managers for certain of our retail funds. Because we typically have no ownership interests in these unaffiliated firms, we do not control their business activities. Problems stemming from the business activities of these unaffiliated firms may negatively impact or disrupt their operations or expose them to disciplinary action or reputational harm. Furthermore, any such matters at these unaffiliated firms may have an adverse impact on our business or reputation or expose us to regulatory scrutiny, including with respect to our oversight of such firms. 
 
 We periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of these relationships, and we cannot provide assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or the unaffiliated firms. These relationships can also be terminated upon short notice without penalty. In addition, the departure of key employees at unaffiliated subadvisers could cause higher redemption rates for certain assets under management. An interruption or termination of unaffiliated firm relationships could affect our ability to market our products and result in a reduction in assets under management, which would have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We distribute our products through intermediaries and changes in key distribution relationships could reduce our revenues, increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our primary source of distribution for retail products is through intermediaries that include third-party financial institutions such as: major wire-houses; national, regional and independent broker-dealers and financial advisors; banks and financial planners; and registered investment advisers. We are highly dependent on access to these various distribution systems to maintain and raise assets under management. These distributors are generally not contractually required to distribute our products and typically offer their clients various investment products and services, including proprietary products and services, in addition to, and in competition with, our products and services. While we compensate these intermediaries pursuant to contractual agreements, we may not be able to retain access to these channels at all or at similar pricing. Increasing competition for these distribution channels could cause our distribution costs to rise, which could have an adverse effect on our business, 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 revenues and profitability. To the extent that existing or future intermediaries prefer to do business with our competitors, the sales of our products as well as our market share, revenues and profitability could decline. 
 
 We and our third-party service providers rely on numerous technology systems and any business interruption, security breach, or system failure could negatively impact our business and profitability. 
 Our technology systems, and those of third-party service providers, are critical to our operations. The ability to consistently and reliably obtain accurate securities pricing information, process client portfolio and fund shareholder transactions, and provide reports and other customer service to clients is an essential part of our business. Any delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, processing such transactions or reports, other breaches and errors, and any inadequacies in other customer service could result in reimbursement obligations or other liabilities or alienate clients and potentially give rise to claims against us. Our business is highly dependent on third-party service providers' information systems, including for our ability to obtain prompt and accurate securities pricing information and to process transactions and reports. Any failure or interruption of those systems, whether resulting from technology or infrastructure breakdowns, defects or external causes such as fire, natural disaster, computer viruses, acts of terrorism or power disruptions, or public health events could result in financial loss, negatively impact our reputation and negatively affect our ability to do business. Although we and our third-party service providers have disaster recovery plans in place, we may nonetheless experience interruptions if a natural or man-made disaster or prolonged power outage were to occur, which could have an adverse impact on our business and profitability. 
 
 In addition, like many companies, our computer systems are regularly the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. The sophistication of cyber threats continues to increase, including through the use of "ransomware" and phishing attacks, and our controls and the preventative actions we take to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information systems may be insufficient to detect or prevent unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems or those of third parties with whom we do business. Our third-party service providers' systems may also be affected by, or fail as a result of, catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, hurricanes and tornadoes. A breach of our technology systems, or of those of third-party service providers, through cyber-attacks or failure to manage and sufficiently secure our technology environment could result in interruptions or malfunctions in the operations of our business, loss of valuable information, liability for stolen assets or information, remediation costs to repair damage caused by a breach or to recover access to our systems, additional costs to mitigate against future incidents, and litigation costs resulting from an incident. Any of these conditions could have an adverse impact on our business and profitability. 
 
 We and certain of our third-party vendors receive and store personal information as well as non-public business information. Although we and our third-party vendors take precautions, we may still be vulnerable to hacking or other unauthorized use. A breach of the systems or hardware could result in unauthorized access to our proprietary business or client data or release of this type of data, which could subject us to legal liability or regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws, which may result in fines or penalties, the termination of existing client contracts, costly mitigation activities and harm to our reputation. The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse impact on our business and profitability. 
 
 We have significant capital invested in marketable securities, which exposes us to earnings volatility as the value of these investments fluctuate, as well as risk of capital loss. 
 We use capital to incubate new investment strategies, introduce new products or to enhance distribution access of existing products. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 223.5 million of such investments, comprising 144.6 million of marketable securities and 78.9 million of net investments in CLOs. These investments are in a variety of asset classes, including alternative, fixed income and equity strategies and first-loss tranches of CLO equity. Many of these investments employ a long-term investment strategy with an optimal investment period spanning several years. Accordingly, during this investment period, the capital held in these investments may not be available for other corporate purposes without significantly diminishing our investment return. We cannot provide assurance that these investments will perform as expected. Increases or decreases in the value of these investments could increase the volatility of our earnings, and an other-than-temporary or permanent decline in the value of these investments could result in the loss of capital and have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

12 

Table of Contents 

LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
 We are subject to an extensive and complex regulatory environment and changes in regulations or failure to comply with them could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 The investment management industry in which we operate is subject to extensive and frequently changing regulation. We are subject to regulation by the SEC and other federal and state agencies, as well as FINRA and other self-regulatory organizations. Each of our affiliated investment managers and unaffiliated subadvisers is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act. Our affiliated investment managers operating outside of the U.S. are also subject to regulation by various regulatory authorities and exchanges in the relevant jurisdictions, including, for those active in the UK, the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA"). We have distribution teams that operate offices in the UK and Singapore and are subject to regulation by the FCA and the Monetary Authority of Singapore, respectively. Each of our U.S.-sponsored funds is registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act. Our global funds are registered with and subject to regulation by the Central Bank of Ireland. New regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate change or other environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters, which could negatively affect us or materially increase our regulatory burden. Increased regulations generally increase our costs, and we could continue to experience higher costs if new laws require us to spend more time, hire additional personnel, or purchase new technology to comply effectively. 
 
 Although we spend extensive time and resources to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, if we fail to properly adhere to our policies or modify and update our compliance procedures in a timely manner in this changing and highly complex regulatory environment, we may be subject to various legal proceedings, including civil litigation, governmental investigations and enforcement actions that could result in fines, penalties, suspensions of individual employees, or limitations on particular business activities, any of which could have an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 
 
 We manage assets under agreements that have investment guidelines or other contractual requirements and failure to comply could result in claims, losses, or regulatory sanctions, which could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 
 The agreements under which we manage client assets often have established investment guidelines or other contractual requirements with which we are required to comply in providing our investment management services. Although we maintain various compliance procedures and other controls to prevent, detect and correct such errors, any failure or allegation of a failure to comply with these guidelines or other requirement could result in client claims, reputational damage, withdrawal of assets and potential regulatory sanctions, any of which could have an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. 
 
 We could be subject to civil litigation and government investigations or proceedings, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability, and there have been substantial incidences of litigation and regulatory investigations in the financial services industry in recent years, including customer claims as well as class action suits seeking substantial damages. From time to time, we and/or our sponsored funds may be named as defendants or co-defendants in lawsuits or be involved in disputes that involve the threat of lawsuits seeking substantial damages. We and/or our sponsored funds are also involved from time to time in governmental and self-regulatory organization investigations and proceedings. See Item 3. "Legal Proceedings" for further information. 
 
 Any lawsuits, investigations or proceedings could result in reputational damage, loss of clients and assets, settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties, increased costs and expenses in resolving a claim, diversion of employee resources and resultant financial losses. Predicting the outcome of such matters is inherently difficult, particularly where claims are brought on behalf of various classes of claimants or by a large number of claimants, when claimants seek substantial or unspecified damages, or when investigations or legal proceedings are at an early stage. A substantial judgment, settlement, fine or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular period, depending on our results for that period, or could cause us significant reputational harm, which could harm our business prospects. 
 
 We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation to attract and retain clients. As a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants, including investors in our funds, or regulators, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities or the asset management industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation. We may incur substantial legal expenses in defending against proceedings commenced by a client, regulatory authority or other private litigant. Substantial 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 legal liability levied on us could cause significant reputational harm and have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to multiple tax jurisdictions and any changes in tax laws or unanticipated tax obligations could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 We are subject to income as well as non-income-based taxes and are subject to ongoing tax audits, in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken that may result in the assessment of additional taxes. We regularly assess the appropriateness of our tax positions and reporting. We cannot provide assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of audits and the actual outcomes of these audits could be unfavorable. Any changes to tax laws could impact our estimated effective tax rate and tax expense and could result in adjustments to our treatment of deferred taxes, including the realization or value thereof, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK 
 We may not pay quarterly dividends as intended or at all . 
 The declaration, payment and determination of the amount of our quarterly dividends may change at any time. In making decisions regarding our quarterly dividends, we consider general economic and business conditions as well as our strategic plans and prospects, business and investment opportunities, financial condition and operating results, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual and regulatory restrictions (including under the terms of our credit agreement) and other obligations, that may have implications on the payment of distributions by us to our shareholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as we may deem relevant. Our ability to pay or increase our dividends maybe subject to restrictions under the terms of our credit agreement. We cannot make any assurances that any dividends, whether quarterly or otherwise, will continue to be paid in the future. 
 
 We have corporate governance provisions that may make an acquisition of us more difficult. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions by which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. Stockholders who wish to participate in these transactions may not have the opportunity to do so. In addition, the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law also restrict certain business combinations with interested stockholders. 
 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 Our insurance policies may not cover all losses and costs to which we may be exposed, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We carry insurance in amounts and under terms that we believe are appropriate. Our insurance may not cover all liabilities and losses to which we may be exposed. Certain insurance coverage may not be available or may be prohibitively expensive in future periods. As our insurance policies come up for renewal, we may need to assume higher deductibles or pay higher premiums, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet that could become impaired, which could impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 791.4 million in intangible assets and goodwill. We cannot be certain that we will realize the value of such intangible assets. Our intangible assets may become impaired as a result of a variety of factors which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are, or may be considered to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). All statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs or expectations, are "forward-looking statements." These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as "expect," "estimate," "intent," "plan," "intend," "believe," "anticipate," "may," "will," "should," "could," "continue," "project," "opportunity," "predict," "would," "potential," "future," 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 "forecast," "guarantee," "assume," "likely," "target" or similar statements or variations of such terms. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions and projections about the Company and the markets in which we operate, are not guarantees of future results or performance, and involve substantial risks and uncertainty, including assumptions and projections concerning our assets under management, net asset inflows and outflows, operating cash flows, business plans and ability to borrow, for all future periods. All forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only. 
 
 We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections, or other circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. If there are any future public statements or disclosures by us that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in or accompanying this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such statements or disclosures will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our business and our forward-looking statements involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, resulting from: (i) any reduction in our assets under management including from domestic and global conditions, security price declines and negative performance; (ii) inability to achieve the expected benefits of our strategic transactions; (iii) withdrawal, renegotiation or termination of investment advisory agreements; (iv) damage to our reputation; (v) inability to satisfy financial debt covenants and required payments; (vi) inability to attract and retain key personnel; (vii) challenges from the competition we face in our business; (viii) adverse developments related to unaffiliated subadvisers; (ix) negative changes in key distribution relationships; (x) interruptions, breaches, or failures of technology systems; (xi) loss on our investments; (xii) lack of sufficient capital on satisfactory terms; (xiii) adverse regulatory and legal developments; (xiv) failure to comply with investment guidelines or other contractual requirements; (xv) adverse civil litigation, government investigations, or proceedings; (xvi) unfavorable changes in tax laws or limitations; (xvii) inability to make quarterly common stock dividends; (xviii) impediments from certain corporate governance provisions; (xix) losses or costs not covered by insurance; (xx) impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets; and other risks and uncertainties. Any occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other periodic reports filed with the SEC could materially and adversely affect our operations, financial results, cash flows, prospects and liquidity. 
 
 Certain other factors that may impact our continuing operations, prospects, financial results and liquidity, or that may cause actual results to differ from such forward-looking statements, are discussed or included in the Company's periodic reports filed with the SEC and are available on our website at www.virtus.com under "Investor Relations." You are urged to carefully consider all such factors. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 We lease our principal offices, which are located at One Financial Plaza, Hartford, CT 06103. In addition, we lease office space in California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Texas, Singapore and the UK. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The information set forth in response to Item 103 of Regulation S-K under "Legal Proceedings" is incorporated by reference from Part II, Item 8. "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," Note 12 "Commitments and Contingencies" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the trading symbol "VRTS." As of February 10, 2023, we had 7,181,554 shares of common stock outstanding that were held by approximately 41,000 holders of record. 
 
 In making decisions regarding our quarterly dividend, we consider general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our businesses and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations, legal, tax, regulatory and other restrictions that may have implications on the payment of distributions by us to our common shareholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as we may deem relevant. We cannot provide any assurances that any distributions, whether quarterly or otherwise, will continue to be paid in the future. 
 
 On February 22, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 1.65 per common share to be paid on May 15, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2023. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 An aggregate of 5,680,045 shares of our common stock have been authorized to be repurchased under a share repurchase program since it was initially approved in 2010 by our Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, 828,352 shares remained available for repurchase. Under the terms of the program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time at our discretion through open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions and/or other mechanisms, depending on price, prevailing market and business conditions, tax and other financial considerations. The program, which has no specified term, may be suspended or terminated at any time. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased a total of 451,097 common shares for 90.0 million. The following table sets forth information regarding our share repurchases in each month during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share (1) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (2) Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (2) October 1 31, 2022 881,672 November 1 30, 2022 28,737 183.58 28,737 852,935 December 1 31, 2022 24,583 192.12 24,583 828,352 Total 53,320 53,320 
 (1) Average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and excludes commissions. 
 (2) The share repurchases above were completed pursuant to a program announced in the fourth quarter of 2010 and most recently increased in May 2022. This repurchase program is not subject to an expiration date. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. Shares of our common stock purchased by participants in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan were delivered to participant accounts via open market purchases at fair value by the third-party administrator under the plan. We do not reserve shares for this plan or discount the purchase price of the shares. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 Cumulative Total Return Among Virtus, S P 500 Index and Peer Companies 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of Virtus since its inception with the performance of the Standard Poor s 500 ("S P 500") Stock Index and a peer group index that consists of several peer companies (referred to as the "Financial Peer Group") as defined below. This graph assumes an equal investment in our common stock, the S P 500 and the Peer Group on January 2, 2009, reflects reinvested dividends, and is weighted on a market capitalization basis. Each reported data point below represents the last trading day of each calendar year. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Financial Peer Group: Affiliated Managers Group, Inc., AllianceBernstein Holding L.P., Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. , BrightSphere Investment Group Inc. , Cohen Steers, Inc., Federated Hermes, Inc., Franklin Resources, Inc., Invesco Ltd., Janus Henderson Group Plc , T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. and Victory Capital Holdings, Inc. 
 
 The above listed peers are excluded from the cumulative total return table due to the lack of comparable performance periods. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Overview 
 Our Business 
 We provide investment management and related services to individuals and institutions. We use a multi-manager, multi-style approach, offering investment strategies from affiliated managers, each having its own distinct investment style, autonomous investment process and individual brand, as well as from select unaffiliated subadvisers for certain of our retail funds. By offering a broad array of products, we believe we can appeal to a greater number of investors and have offerings across market cycles and through changes in investor preferences. Our earnings are primarily from asset-based fees charged for services relating to these various products, including investment management, fund administration, distribution, and shareholder services. 
 
 We offer investment strategies for individual and institutional investors in different investment products and through multiple distribution channels. Our investment strategies are available in a diverse range of styles and disciplines, managed by differentiated investment managers. We have offerings in various asset classes (equity, fixed income, multi-asset and alternative), geographies (domestic, global, international and emerging), market capitalizations (large, mid and small), styles (growth, core and value) and investment approaches (fundamental and quantitative). Our retail products include open-end funds, closed-end funds and retail separate accounts. Our institutional products are offered through separate accounts and pooled or commingled structures to a variety of institutional clients. We also provide subadvisory services to other investment advisers and serve as the collateral manager for structured products. 
 
 We distribute our open-end funds principally through financial intermediaries. We have broad distribution access in the U.S. retail market, with distribution partners that include national and regional broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers and registered investment advisers, banks and insurance companies. In many of these firms, we have a number of products that are on preferred "recommended" lists and on fee-based advisory programs. Our sales efforts are supported by regional sales professionals, a national account relationship group, and additional teams for ETFs and the retirement and insurance channels. Our retail separate accounts are distributed through financial intermediaries and directly to private clients by teams at an affiliated manager. 
 
 Our institutional services are marketed through relationships with consultants as well as directly to clients. We target key market segments, including foundations and endowments, corporate, public and private pension plans, and subadvisory relationships. 
 
 Market Developments 
 The financial markets have a significant impact on the value of our assets under management and on the level of our sales and net flows. The capital and financial markets experience fluctuation, volatility and declines, which impact investment returns and asset flows of our investment offerings as well as in investor choices and preferences among investment products. The changes in our assets under management may also be affected by the factors discussed in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The U.S. and global equity markets decreased in value in 2022, as evidenced by decreases in major indices as noted in the following table: 
 December 31, As of Change Index 2022 2021 MSCI World Index 2,603 3,232 (19.5) Standard Poor's 500 Index 3,840 4,766 (19.4) Russell 2000 Index 1,761 2,245 (21.6) Morningstar / LSTA Leveraged Loan Index 2,406 2,420 (0.6) 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 Net income per diluted share was 15.50 in 2022, a decrease of 10.51, or 40.4 , as compared to net income per diluted share of 26.01 in 2021. 
 Total sales were 30.3 billion in 2022, a decrease of 6.2 billion, or 17.0 , from 36.5 billion in 2021. Net flows were (13.4) billion in 2022 compared to 3.5 billion in 2021. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Assets under management were 149.4 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 37.8 billion, or 20.2 , from 187.2 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 AlphaSimplex 
 On October 19, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire AlphaSimplex Group, LLC ("AlphaSimplex"), a leading manager of liquid alternative investment solutions. Under the agreement, the Company would acquire 100 of AlphaSimplex for 130.0 million at closing, which includes deferred retention incentives for management. The transaction is expected to close near the end of the first quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions, necessary regulatory approvals, and client approvals, including approvals by the fund boards and fund shareholders. 
 
 Stone Harbor Investment Partners 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company acquired Stone Harbor Investment Partners LLC ("Stone Harbor"), a premier manager of emerging markets debt, multi-asset credit, global corporate, and other strategies with 14.7 billion of assets under management at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Westchester Capital Management 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company acquired Westchester Capital Management, LLC ("Westchester"), a recognized leader in global event-driven strategies with 5.1 billion of assets under management at September 30, 2021. 
 
 Fund Adoption and NFJ Investment Group 
 On February 1, 2021, the Company executed an agreement with Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC ("AGI"), pursuant to which NFJ Investment Group ("NFJ") was established as a new affiliated investment manager, and the Company became the investment adviser, distributor and/or administrator for 29.5 billion of AGI's open-end, closed-end, institutional and retail separate account assets. 
 
 Assets Under Management 
 At December 31, 2022, total assets under management were 149.4 billion, representing a decrease of 37.8 billion, or 20.2 , from December 31, 2021. The change in total assets under management from December 31, 2021 included 37.1 billion of negative market performance and 13.4 billion of net outflows partially offset by 14.7 billion in assets under management from the addition of Stone Harbor. 
 
 Assets Under Management by Product 
 The following table summarizes our assets under management by product: 
 As of December 31, As of Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Open-End Funds (1) 53,000 78,706 (25,706) (32.7) Closed-End Funds 10,361 12,068 (1,707) (14.1) Retail Separate Accounts 35,352 44,538 (9,186) (20.6) Institutional Accounts (2) 50,663 51,874 (1,211) (2.3) Total Assets Under Management 149,376 187,186 (37,810) (20.2) Average Assets Under Management (3) 166,795 172,841 (6,046) (3.5) 
 
 (1) Represents assets under management of U.S. retail funds, global funds, ETFs and variable insurance funds. 
 (2) Represents assets under management of institutional separate and commingled accounts including structured products. 
 (3) Averages are calculated as follows: 
 Funds - average daily or weekly balances 
 Retail Separate Accounts - average of prior-quarter ending balances 
 Institutional Accounts - average of month-end balances 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes asset flows by product: 
 Asset Flows by Product Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Open-End Funds (1) Beginning balance 78,706 51,608 Inflows 13,985 19,158 Outflows (28,549) (21,525) Net flows (14,564) (2,367) Market performance (15,113) 6,308 Other (2) 3,971 23,157 Ending balance 53,000 78,706 Closed-End Funds Beginning balance 12,068 5,914 Inflows 191 22 Outflows Net flows 191 22 Market performance (1,346) 1,223 Other (2) (552) 4,909 Ending balance 10,361 12,068 Retail Separate Accounts Beginning balance 44,538 29,751 Inflows 5,710 9,215 Outflows (6,440) (4,085) Net flows (730) 5,130 Market performance (8,456) 6,124 Other (2) 3,533 Ending balance 35,352 44,538 Institutional Accounts (3) Beginning balance 51,874 44,921 Inflows 10,407 8,101 Outflows (8,747) (7,404) Net flows 1,660 697 Market performance (12,168) 5,697 Other (2) 9,297 559 Ending balance 50,663 51,874 Total Beginning balance 187,186 132,194 Inflows 30,293 36,496 Outflows (43,736) (33,014) Net flows (13,443) 3,482 Market performance (37,083) 19,352 Other (2) 12,716 32,158 Ending balance 149,376 187,186 
 (1) Represents assets under management of U.S. retail funds, global funds, ETFs and variable insurance funds. 
 (2) Represents open-end and closed-end fund distributions net of reinvestments, the net change in assets from cash management strategies, and the impact of non-sales related activities such as asset acquisitions/(dispositions), seed capital investments/(withdrawals), current income or capital returned by structured products and the use of leverage. 
 (3) Represents assets under management of institutional separate and commingled accounts including structured products. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our assets under management by asset class: 
 December 31, Change of Total (in millions) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 2022 2021 Asset Class Equity 81,894 116,546 (34,652) (29.7) 54.9 62.3 Fixed Income 36,903 34,261 2,642 7.7 24.7 18.3 Multi-Asset (1) 19,937 24,853 (4,916) (19.8) 13.3 13.3 Alternatives (2) 10,642 11,526 (884) (7.7) 7.1 6.1 Total 149,376 187,186 (37,810) (20.2) 100.0 100.0 
 
 (1) Includes strategies with substantial holdings in at least two of the following asset classes: equity, fixed income and alternatives. 
 (2) Consists of event-driven, real estate securities, infrastructure, long/short and other strategies. 
 
 Average Assets Under Management and Average Fees Earned 
 The following table summarizes the average management fees earned in basis points and average assets under management: 
 Years Ended December 31, Average Fee Earned 
 (expressed in basis points) 
 Average Assets Under Management 
 (in millions) (3) 
 2022 2021 2022 2021 Products Open-End Funds (1) 46.6 46.9 64,046 74,774 Closed-End Funds 57.4 55.8 11,132 11,352 Retail Separate Accounts 42.8 44.6 38,498 37,867 Institutional Accounts (2) 31.4 32.2 53,120 48,849 All Products 41.6 42.9 166,795 172,841 
 (1) Represents assets under management of U.S. retail funds, global funds, ETFs and variable insurance funds. 
 (2) Represents assets under management of institutional separate and commingled accounts including structured products. 
 (3) Averages are calculated as follows: 
 Funds - average daily or weekly balances 
 Retail Separate Accounts - prior-quarter ending balances 
 Institutional Accounts - average of month-end balances 
 
 Average fees earned represent investment management fees, net of revenue-related adjustments, divided by average net assets, excluding the impact of consolidated investment products ("CIP"). Revenue-related adjustments are based on specific agreements and reflect the portion of investment management fees passed-through to third-party client intermediaries for services to investors in sponsored investment products. Fund fees are calculated based on average daily or weekly net assets. Retail separate account fees are calculated based on the end of the preceding or current quarter s asset values or on an average of month-end balances. Institutional account fees are calculated based on an average of month-end balances, an average of current quarter s asset values or on a combination of the underlying cash flows and the principal value of the product. Average fees earned will vary based on several factors, including the asset mix and expense reimbursements to the funds. 
 
 The average fee rate earned for 2022 on all products decreased by 1.3 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to a lower proportion of assets under management in equity products as a result of negative equity markets in the year partially offset by a higher proportion of alternative assets. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Performance 
 The following table presents a summary of investment performance by asset class measured by the percentage of assets under management exceeding their relevant benchmarks as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Percentage of Assets Under Management Beating Benchmark (2) Asset Class (1) 3-Year 5-Year 10-Year Equity 50 67 65 Fixed Income 65 49 54 Alternatives 94 95 92 
 (1) Excludes non-rated funds, closed-end funds, private client accounts, structured products and certain other multi-asset strategies. 
 (2) Percentage beating benchmark is reported as the percentage of assets under management that have outperformed benchmarks across the indicated periods. Performance is presented on an average annual total return basis for products with a three-, five-, and/or ten-year track record, is net of fees and is measured on a consistent basis relative to the most appropriate benchmarks. Benchmark indices are unmanaged, their returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges, and they are not available for direct investment. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 34 of 77, or 44 , of our rated U.S. retail funds received an overall rating of 4 or 5 stars representing 57 of our total U.S. retail fund assets under management (1) . By comparison, 32.5 of Morningstar's fund population is given a 4 or 5 star rating (2) . 
 (1) Assets under management excludes non-rated funds. Based on institutional-class shares, except for funds without I shares, for which shares were used, or if A share rating is higher than I shares. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 (2) Morningstar ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns. Strong ratings are not indicative of positive fund performance. 

Results of Operations - December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 
 A discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 may be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 , which specific discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Summary Financial Data 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Investment management fees 728,339 781,585 (53,246) (6.8) Other revenue 158,040 197,649 (39,609) (20.0) Total revenues 886,379 979,234 (92,855) (9.5) Total operating expenses 688,919 653,746 35,173 5.4 Operating income (loss) 197,460 325,488 (128,028) (39.3) Other income (expense), net (51,938) 6,376 (58,314) (914.6) Interest income (expense), net 18,366 21,806 (3,440) (15.8) Income (loss) before income taxes 163,888 353,670 (189,782) (53.7) Income tax expense (benefit) 57,260 90,835 (33,575) (37.0) Net income (loss) 106,628 262,835 (156,207) (59.4) Noncontrolling interests 10,913 (54,704) 65,617 (119.9) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 117,541 208,131 (90,590) (43.5) Earnings (loss) per share-diluted 15.50 26.01 (10.51) (40.4) 
 In 2022, total revenues decreased 92.9 million, or 9.5 , to 886.4 million from 979.2 million in 2021 primarily as a result of lower average assets under management due to negative market performance and net outflows partially offset by the addition of assets under management from Stone Harbor and Westchester. Operating income decreased by 128.0 million, or 39.3 , to 197.5 million in 2022 from 325.5 million in 2021 due to the previously mentioned factors. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Revenues 
 Revenues by source were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Investment management fees Open-end funds 335,585 395,152 (59,567) (15.1) Closed-end funds 63,841 63,301 540 0.9 Retail separate accounts 171,509 174,919 (3,410) (1.9) Institutional accounts 157,404 148,213 9,191 6.2 Total investment management fees 728,339 781,585 (53,246) (6.8) Distribution and service fees 67,518 90,555 (23,037) (25.4) Administration and shareholder service fees 85,862 102,531 (16,669) (16.3) Other income and fees 4,660 4,563 97 2.1 Total revenues 886,379 979,234 (92,855) (9.5) 
 
 Investment Management Fees 
 Investment management fees are earned based on a percentage of assets under management and are paid pursuant to the terms of the respective investment management contracts, which generally require monthly or quarterly payments. Investment management fees decreased by 53.2 million, or 6.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to lower average assets under management and a lower average fee rate. 
 
 Distribution and Service Fees 
 Distribution and service fees are sales- and asset-based fees earned from open-end funds for marketing and distribution services. Distribution and service fees decreased by 23.0 million, or 25.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to lower sales for open-end funds in share classes that have sales-based distribution and service fees. 
 
 Administration and Shareholder Service Fees 
 Administration and shareholder service fees represent fees earned for fund administration and shareholder services from our U.S. retail funds, ETFs and certain closed-end funds. Fund administration and shareholder service fees decreased by 16.7 million, or 16.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily due to the decrease in average assets under management for our open- and closed-end funds during the period as a result of market performance and net outflows in our open-end funds. 
 
 Other Income and Fees 
 Other income and fees primarily represent fees related to other fee earning assets and contingent sales charges earned from investor redemptions of certain shares sold without a front-end sales charge. Other income and fees increased modestly during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses by category were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Operating expenses Employment expenses 371,259 358,230 13,029 3.6 Distribution and other asset-based expenses 112,612 141,039 (28,427) (20.2) Other operating expenses 126,178 90,134 36,044 40.0 Other operating expenses of CIP 4,408 3,562 846 23.8 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 8,020 12,400 (4,380) (35.3) Restructuring expense 4,015 4,015 100.0 Depreciation expense 3,923 3,900 23 0.6 Amortization expense 58,504 44,481 14,023 31.5 Total operating expenses 688,919 653,746 35,173 5.4 
 
 Employment Expenses 
 Employment expenses consist of fixed and variable compensation and related employee benefit costs. Employment expenses of 371.3 million increased 13.0 million, or 3.6 , from the prior year primarily due to the addition of Stone Harbor and Westchester and increased salary expense partially offset by a decrease in profit-based compensation in the current year. 
 
 Distribution and Other Asset-Based Expenses 
 Distribution and other asset-based expenses consist primarily of payments to third-party client intermediaries for providing services to investors in sponsored investment products. These payments are primarily based on assets under management or on a percentage of sales. Distribution and other asset-based expenses also include the amortization of deferred sales commissions related to up-front commissions on shares sold without a front-end sales charge to shareholders. The deferred sales commissions are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period commissions are recovered from distribution fee revenues and contingent sales charges received upon redemption of shares. Distribution and other asset-based expenses decreased 28.4 million, or 20.2 , compared to the prior year primarily due to lower sales and a decrease in assets under management in share classes that have sales- and asset-based distribution and other asset-based expenses. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses primarily consist of investment research and technology costs, professional fees, travel and distribution-related costs, rent and occupancy expenses, and other business costs. Other operating expenses increased 36.0 million, or 40.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year primarily due to the addition of Stone Harbor and Westchester, as well as higher travel and related expenses. 
 
 Other Operating Expenses of CIP 
 Other operating expenses of CIP increased 0.8 million, or 23.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to the costs associated with the issuance of a new CLO in the current year that did not occur in the prior year. 
 
 Restructuring Expense 
 Restructuring expense consists primarily of costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the write-down of right-of-use assets for a lease in conjunction with the consolidation of certain office space. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Contingent consideration related to the NFJ, Westchester and Stone Harbor transactions are remeasured at fair value each reporting date taking into consideration changes in various estimates, including underlying performance estimates, discount rates and amount of time until the conditions of the contingent payments are achieved. The change in fair value is recorded in the current period as a gain or loss. The decrease in the change in fair value of contingent consideration of 4.4 million in 2022 compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to future revenue projections and the time value of money. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation Expense 
 Depreciation expense consists primarily of the straight-line depreciation of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements. Depreciation expense remained consistent in 2022 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Amortization Expense 
 Amortization expense consists of the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense increased 14.0 million, or 31.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year due to the additional amortization associated with the acquisitions of Stone Harbor and Westchester. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other Income (Expense), net by category were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Other Income (Expense) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net (12,489) 3,907 (16,396) (419.7) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) of CIP, net (39,296) (1,761) (37,535) 2,131.5 Other income (expense), net (153) 4,230 (4,383) (103.6) Total Other Income (Expense), net (51,938) 6,376 (58,314) (914.6) 
 
 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Investments, net 
 Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net changed during the year ended December 31, 2022 by 16.4 million, as compared to the prior year. The realized and unrealized gains and losses during the year ended December 31, 2022 reflected changes in overall market conditions experienced during the year. 
 
 Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) of CIP, net 
 Realized and unrealized gain (loss) of CIP, net changed 37.5 million compared to the prior year. The change for the current year consisted primarily of net realized and unrealized losses of 140.5 million due to changes in market values of leveraged loans, partially offset by unrealized gains of 103.0 million related to the value of the notes payable. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net decreased by 4.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower equity method investment income during the current year. 
 
 Interest Income (Expense), net 
 Interest Income (Expense), net by category were as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Interest Income (Expense) Interest expense (13,173) (9,240) (3,933) 42.6 Interest and dividend income 4,448 1,364 3,084 226.1 Interest and dividend income of investments of CIP 107,325 90,080 17,245 19.1 Interest expense of CIP (80,234) (60,398) (19,836) 32.8 Total Interest Income (Expense), net 18,366 21,806 (3,440) (15.8) 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 3.9 million, or 42.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher interest rates on our debt. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Interest and Dividend Income 
 Interest and dividend income is earned on cash equivalents and our marketable securities. Interest and dividend income increased 3.1 million, or 226.1 , compared to the prior year due to higher average investment balances and higher interest rates during the current year compared to the prior year. 
 
 Interest and Dividend Income of Investments of CIP 
 Interest and dividend income of investments of CIP increased 17.2 million, or 19.1 , compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average interest rates in the current year and the addition of a new CLO in the current year. 
 
 Interest Expense of CIP 
 Interest expense of CIP represents interest expense on the notes payable of CIP. Interest expense of CIP increased by 19.8 million, or 32.8 , compared to the prior year primarily due to higher average interest rates during the current year and the addition of a new CLO in the current year. 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 The provision for income taxes reflected U.S. federal, state and local taxes at an estimated effective tax rate of 34.9 and 25.7 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The higher estimated effective tax rate for 2022 was primarily due to valuation allowances recorded in the current year for the tax effects of unrealized losses on certain Company investments. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Inflationary pressures can result in increases to our costs, especially to the extent that large expense components such as compensation are impacted. To the degree that these expense increases are not recoverable or cannot be counterbalanced through pricing increases due to the competitive environment, our profitability could be negatively impacted. In addition, the value of the assets that we manage may be negatively impacted if inflationary expectations result in a rising interest rate environment. Declines in the values of these assets under management could lead to reduced revenues as management fees are generally earned as a percentage of assets under management. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Certain Financial Data 
 The following tables summarize certain financial data relating to our liquidity and capital resources: 
 December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Balance Sheet Data Cash and cash equivalents 338,234 378,921 (40,687) (10.7) Investments 100,330 108,890 (8,560) (7.9) Contingent consideration 128,400 162,564 (34,164) (21.0) Debt 255,025 266,346 (11,321) (4.3) Redeemable noncontrolling interests 113,718 138,965 (25,247) (18.2) Total equity 822,936 836,627 (13,691) (1.6) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Cash Flow Data Provided by (used in) Operating activities 132,670 665,729 (533,059) (80.1) Investing activities (27,467) (175,033) 147,566 (84.3) Financing activities (102,057) (244,400) 142,343 (58.2) 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 338.2 million of cash and cash equivalents and 100.3 million of investments, which included 77.0 million of investment securities, compared to 378.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and 108.9 million of investments, which included 80.3 million of investment securities, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Uses of Capital 
 Our main uses of capital related to operating activities comprise employee compensation and related benefit costs, which include annual incentive compensation, other operating expenses, which primarily consist of investment research, technology costs, professional fees, distribution and occupancy costs, interest on our indebtedness, and income taxes. Annual incentive compensation, which is one of the largest annual operating cash expenditures, is typically paid in the first quarter of the year. In 2022 and 2021, we paid approximately 151.6 million and 96.9 million, respectively, in incentive compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 In addition to operating activities, other uses of cash could include: (i) investments in organic growth, including seeding or launching new products and expanding distribution; (ii) debt principal payments through scheduled amortization, excess cash flow payment requirements or additional paydowns; (iii) dividend payments to common stockholders; (iv) repurchases of our common stock, or withholding obligations for the net settlement of employee share transactions; (v) investments in our infrastructure; (vi) investments in inorganic growth opportunities that may require upfront and/or future payments; (vii) integration costs, including restructuring and severance, related to acquisitions, if any; and (viii) purchases of affiliate equity interests. 
 
 Capital and Reserve Requirements 
 We operate an SEC registered broker-dealer subsidiary that is subject to certain rules regarding minimum net capital. The broker-dealer is required to maintain a ratio of "aggregate indebtedness" to "net capital," as defined, which may not exceed 15 to 1 and must also maintain a minimum amount of net capital. Failure to meet these requirements could result in adverse consequences to us, including additional reporting requirements, a lower required ratio of aggregate indebtedness to net capital, or interruption of our business. At December 31, 2022, the ratio of aggregate indebtedness to net capital of our broker-dealer was below the maximum allowed, and net capital was significantly greater than the required minimum. 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in banks and money market fund investments. Investments consist primarily of investments in our sponsored funds. CIP represent investment products for which we provide investment management services and where we have either a controlling financial interest or we are considered the primary beneficiary of an investment product that is considered a variable interest entity. 
 
 Operating Cash Flow 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities of 132.7 million for 2022 decreased by 533.1 million from cash flows provided by operating activities of 665.7 million in 2021 primarily due to a 396.2 million reduction in net sales of investments by CIP and a decrease in accrued compensation and other liability balances compared to the prior year. 
 
 Investing Cash Flow 
 Cash flows from investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures and other investing activities related to our business operations. Net cash used in investing activities of 27.5 million for 2022 decreased by 147.6 million from net cash used in investing activities of 175.0 million in 2021. The decrease in cash used in investing activities during 2022 compared to the prior year related to the decrease in cash paid for acquisitions. 
 
 Financing Cash Flow 
 Cash flows from financing activities consist primarily of transactions related to our common shares, issuance and repayment of debt by us and CIP, payments of contingent consideration and changes to noncontrolling interests. Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 142.3 million to net cash outflows of 102.1 million in 2022 compared to net cash outflows of 244.4 million in the prior year. The decrease in the current year was primarily due to a decrease in net borrowings of CIP of 308.8 million partially offset by an increase in contingent consideration payments of 33.0 million and an increase in repurchases of common shares of 32.5 million in the current year. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Agreement 
 The Company's credit agreement, as amended (the "Credit Agreement"), comprises (i) a 275.0 million term loan with a seven-year term (the "Term Loan") expiring in September 2028, and (ii) a 175.0 million revolving credit facility with a five-year term expiring in September 2026. During 2022, the Company repaid 12.8 million outstanding under its Term Loan. At December 31, 2022, 261.6 million was outstanding under the Term Loan, and there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 835, Interest , the amounts outstanding under the Company's Term Loan are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet net of related debt issuance costs, which were 6.6 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Impact of New Accounting Standards 
 For a discussion of accounting standards, see Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," Note 2 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which requires the use of estimates. Actual results will vary from these estimates. Management believes the following critical accounting policies are important to understanding our results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its subsidiaries and investment products that are consolidated. Voting interest entities ("VOEs") are consolidated when we are considered to have a controlling financial interest, which is typically present when we own a majority of the voting interest in an entity or otherwise have the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity. 
 
 We evaluate any variable interest entities ("VIEs") in which we have a variable interest for consolidation. A VIE is an entity in which either (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its own activities without additional financial support or (ii) where as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk do not possess: (x) the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; (y) the obligation to absorb expected losses or the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity; or (z) proportionate voting and economic interests and where substantially all of the entity's activities either involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor with disproportionately fewer voting rights. If an entity has any of these characteristics, it is considered a VIE and is required to be consolidated by its primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the entity that has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
 CIP includes both VOEs, made up primarily of open-end funds in which we hold a controlling financial interest, and VIEs, which primarily consist of CLOs of which we are considered the primary beneficiary. The consolidation and deconsolidation of these investment products have no impact on net income (loss) attributable to stockholders. Our risk with respect to these investment products is limited to our beneficial interests in these products. We have no right to the benefits from, and do not bear the risks associated with, these investment products beyond our investments in, and fees generated from, these products. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interests - CIP 
 Noncontrolling interests - CIP represent third-party investments in our CIP and are classified as redeemable noncontrolling interests in our Consolidated Balance Sheets because investors in those products are able to request withdrawal at any time. 
 
 Noncontrolling interests - affiliate 
 Noncontrolling interests - affiliate represent minority interests held in a consolidated affiliate. Minority interests held in an affiliate are subject to holder put rights and our call rights at established multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and, as such, are considered redeemable at other than fair value. These rights are exercisable at pre-established intervals (between four and seven years from their issuance) or upon certain conditions such as retirement. The put and call rights are not legally detachable or separately exercisable and are deemed to be embedded in the related 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 noncontrolling interests. We, in purchasing affiliate equity, have the option to settle in cash or shares of common stock and are entitled to the cash flow associated with any purchased equity. Minority interests held in an affiliate are generally recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at estimated redemption value within redeemable noncontrolling interests, and changes in estimated redemption value of these interests are recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations within noncontrolling interests. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ("ASC 820") , establishes a framework for measuring fair value and a valuation hierarchy based upon the transparency of inputs used in the valuation of an asset or liability. Classification within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation hierarchy contains three levels as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. Level 1 assets and liabilities may include debt securities and equity securities that are traded in an active exchange market. 
 
 Level 2 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. Level 2 inputs may include observable market data such as closing market prices provided by independent pricing services after considering factors such as the yields or prices of comparable investments of comparable quality, coupon, maturity, call rights and other potential prepayments, terms and type, reported transactions, indications as to values from dealers and general market conditions. In addition, pricing services may determine the fair value of equity securities traded principally in foreign markets when it has been determined that there has been a significant trend in the U.S. equity markets or in index futures trading. Level 2 assets and liabilities may include debt and equity securities, purchased loans and over-the-counter derivative contracts whose fair value is determined using a pricing model without significant unobservable market data inputs. 
 
 Level 3 Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable in active exchange markets. 
 
 The following is a discussion of the valuation methodologies used for our assets measured at fair value: 
 
 Cash equivalents represent investments in money market funds. Cash investments in money market funds are valued using published net asset values and are classified as Level 1. 
 
 Sponsored funds represent investments in open- and closed-end funds for which we act as the investment manager. The fair value of U.S. retail funds, global funds and variable insurance funds is determined based on their published net asset values and are categorized as Level 1. The fair value of closed-end funds and ETFs is determined based on the official closing price on the exchange on which they are traded and are categorized as Level 1. 
 
 Equity securities represent securities traded on active markets, are valued at the official closing price (typically last sale or bid) on the exchange on which the securities are primarily traded and are categorized as Level 1. 
 
 Nonqualified retirement plan assets represent mutual funds within a nonqualified retirement plan whose fair value is determined based on their published net asset value and are categorized as Level 1. 
 
 Contingent consideration represents liabilities associated with our business combinations. The estimated fair values are measured using a simulation model using unobservable market data inputs prepared with the assistance of an independent valuation firm. These liabilities are categorized as Level 3. 
 
 Investments of CIP represent the underlying debt, equity and other securities held in CIP. Equity investments are valued at the official closing price on the exchange on which the securities are traded and are generally categorized within Level 1. Level 2 investments represent most debt securities, including bank loans and certain equity securities (including non-U.S. securities), for which closing prices are not readily available or are deemed to not reflect readily available market prices, and are valued using an independent pricing service. Debt investments are valued based on quotations received from independent pricing services or from dealers who make markets in such securities. Bank loan investments, which are included as debt investments, are generally priced at the average mid-point of bid and ask quotations obtained from a third-party pricing service. Fair value may also be based upon valuations obtained from independent third-party brokers or dealers utilizing matrix pricing 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 models that consider information regarding securities with similar characteristics. In certain instances, fair value has been determined utilizing discounted cash flow analyses or single broker non-binding quotes. Depending on the nature of the inputs, these assets are classified as Level 1, 2 or 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. Level 3 investments include debt and equity securities that are not widely traded, are illiquid or are priced by dealers based on pricing models used by market makers in the security. 
 
 Notes payable of CIP represent notes issued by CIP CLOs we consolidate and are measured using the measurement alternative in Accounting Standards Update 2014-13. Accordingly, the fair value of CLO liabilities was measured as the fair value of CLO assets less the sum of (i) the fair value of the beneficial interests held by the Company and (ii) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services. The fair value of the beneficial interests held by the Company is based on third-party pricing information without adjustment. 
 
 Short sales of CIP are transactions in which a security is sold that is not owned or is owned but there is no intention to deliver, in anticipation that the price of the security will decline. Short sales are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets within other liabilities of CIP and are classified as Level 1 based on the underlying equity security. 
 
 Cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, securities purchased payable of CIP, and accrued liabilities equal or approximate fair value based on the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Goodwill 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill was 348.8 million. Goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition purchase price over the fair value of identified net assets and liabilities acquired. We have one reporting unit for purposes of assessing the carrying value of goodwill. Goodwill impairment testing is performed at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If we determine that the carrying value of the reporting unit is less than the fair value, a second step of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. We completed our annual goodwill impairment assessment as of October 31, 2022, and no impairment was identified. For purposes of this assessment, we considered various qualitative factors including, but not limited to, certain indicators of fair value (e.g., market capitalization and market multiplies for asset managers) and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit was greater than its carrying value. Only a significant decline in the fair value of our reporting unit would indicate that an impairment may exist. 
 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets was 42.3 million. Indefinite-lived intangible assets comprise certain fund investment advisory contracts and trade names. We perform indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests annually, or more frequently, should circumstances change, which could reduce the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets below their carrying value. We completed our annual impairment assessment of these assets as of October 31, 2022, and no impairments were identified. For purposes of this assessment, we considered various qualitative factors for the investment advisory contract intangible assets including, but not limited to, changes in (i) assets under management, (ii) operating margins, and (iii) net cash flows generated, and we determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets was greater than their carrying value. Only a significant decline in the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets would indicate that an impairment may exist. 
 
 Definite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets was 400.2 million. Definite-lived intangible assets comprise certain fund investment advisory contracts, trade names and non-competition agreements. We monitor the useful lives of definite-lived intangible assets and revise the useful lives, if necessary, based on the circumstances. Significant judgment is required in estimating the period that these assets will contribute to our cash flows and the pattern over which these assets will be consumed. A change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets could have a significant impact on amortization expense. All amortization expense is calculated on a straight-line basis. Impairment testing is performed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If we were to determine that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets was less than the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the asset, we would quantify the impairment using a discounted cash flow model. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenues are recognized when a performance obligation is satisfied, which occurs when control of the services is transferred to customers. Investment management fees, distribution and service fees, and administration and shareholder service fees are calculated as a percentage of average net assets of the investment portfolios managed. The net asset values from which 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 these fees are calculated are variable in nature and subject to factors outside of our control such as additional investments, withdrawals and market performance. Because of this, these fees are considered constrained until the end of the contractual measurement period (monthly or quarterly) which is when asset values are generally determinable. 
 
 Investment Management Fees 
 We provide investment management services pursuant to investment management agreements through our investment advisers (each an "Adviser"). Investment management services represent a series of distinct daily services that are performed over time. Fees earned on funds are based on each fund's average daily or weekly net assets and are generally calculated and received on a monthly basis. We record investment management fees net of the fees paid to unaffiliated subadvisers since we are deemed to be an agent of the fund as it relates to the day-to-day investment management services they perform, with our performance obligation being to arrange for the provision of that service and not control the specified service before it is performed. Amounts paid to unaffiliated subadvisers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 77.0 million, 115.5 million and 38.6 million, respectively. 
 
 Retail separate account fees are generally earned based on the end of the preceding or current quarter's asset values. Institutional account fees are generally earned based on an average of month-end balances. In certain instances, institutional fees may include performance related fees that are based on relative investment returns. Fees for structured finance products, for which we act as the collateral manager, consist of senior, subordinated and, in certain instances, incentive management fees. Senior and subordinated management fees are earned at a contractual fee rate applied against the end of the preceding quarter par value of the total collateral being managed with subordinated fees being earned only after certain portfolio criteria are met. Incentive fees on certain of our CLOs are typically a percentage of the excess cash flows available to holders of the subordinated notes, above a threshold level internal rate of return. 
 
 We rely on data provided to us by service providers for the pricing of the underlying investment securities for the asset values that drive our investment management fees and our assets under management. Our service providers have formal valuation policies and procedures over the valuation of investments. As of December 31, 2022, our total assets under management by fair value hierarchy level, as defined by ASC 820, were approximately 72.2 Level 1, 27.6 Level 2 and 0.2 Level 3. 
 
 Distribution and Service Fees 
 Distribution and service fees are sales- and asset-based fees earned from open-end funds for marketing and distribution services. These fees primarily consist of an asset-based fee that is paid by the fund over a period of years to cover allowable sales and marketing expenses for the fund or front-end sales charges that are based on a percentage of the offering price. Asset-based distribution and service fees are primarily based on percentages of the average daily net asset value and are paid monthly pursuant to the terms of the respective distribution and service fee contracts. 
 
 Distribution and service fees represent two performance obligations comprised of distribution and related shareholder servicing activities. Distribution services are generally satisfied upon the sale of a fund share. Shareholder servicing activities are generally services satisfied over time. 
 
 We distribute our open-end funds through third-party financial intermediaries that comprise national, regional and independent broker-dealers. These third-party financial intermediaries provide distribution and shareholder service activities on our behalf. We pay related distribution and service fees to these third-party financial intermediaries for these services as we consider ourselves the principal in these arrangements since we have control of the services prior to the services being transferred to the customer. These payments are classified within distribution and other asset-based expenses. 
 
 Administration Shareholder Service Fees 
 We provide administrative fund services to our U.S. retail funds, ETFs and the majority of our closed-end funds and shareholder services to our open-end funds. Administration and shareholder services are performed over time. We earn fees for these services, which are calculated and paid monthly, based on each fund's average daily or weekly net assets. Administrative fund services include: record keeping, preparing and filing documents required to comply with securities laws, legal administration and compliance services, customer service, supervision of the activities of the funds' service providers, tax services and treasury services. We also provide office space, equipment and personnel that may be necessary for managing and administering the business affairs of the funds. Shareholder services include maintaining shareholder accounts, processing shareholder transactions, preparing filings and performing necessary reporting. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income and Fees 
 Other income and fees primarily represent fees related to other fee-earning assets and contingent sales charges earned from investor redemptions of certain shares sold without a front-end sales charge. 
 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , which requires recognition of the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We record interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax expense. 
 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and, in particular, any valuation allowance that is recorded against our deferred tax assets. The methodology for determining the realizability of deferred tax assets includes consideration of taxable income in prior carryback year(s), if carryback is permitted under the tax law, as well as consideration of the reversal of deferred tax liabilities that are in the same period and jurisdiction and are of the same character as the temporary differences that gave rise to the deferred tax assets. Our methodology also includes estimates of future taxable income from operations, as well as the expiration dates and amounts of carryforwards related to net operating losses and capital losses. These estimates are projected through the life of the related deferred tax assets based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable and consistent with demonstrated operating results. Changes in future operating results not currently forecasted may have a significant impact on the realization of deferred tax assets. Valuation allowances are provided when it is determined that it is more likely than not that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 We periodically enter into contingent payment arrangements in connection with our business combinations or asset purchases. In contingent payment arrangements, we agree to pay additional transaction consideration to the seller based on future performance. We estimate the value of future payments of these potential future obligations at the time a business combination or asset purchase is consummated. Liabilities under contingent payment arrangements are recorded within contingent consideration on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Contingent payment obligations related to business combinations are remeasured at fair value each reporting date using a simulation model with the assistance of an independent valuation firm and approved by management (level 3 fair value measurement). The change in fair value is recorded in the current period as a gain or loss. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of contingent payment obligations are reflected within change in fair value of contingent consideration on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Contingent payment obligations related to our asset purchases, if estimable and probable of payment, are initially recorded at their estimated value and reviewed every reporting period for changes. Any changes to the estimated value are recorded as an update of the initial acquisition cost of the asset with a corresponding change to the estimated contingent payment obligation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Loss Contingencies 
 The likelihood that a loss contingency exists is evaluated using the criteria of ASC 450, Contingencies, and an accrued liability is recorded if the likelihood of a loss is considered both probable and reasonably estimable at the date of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We believe that we have considered relevant circumstances that we may be currently subject to, and the consolidated financial statements accurately reflect our reasonable estimate of the results of our operations, financial condition and cash flows for the years presented. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Market Risk 
 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from investment management, distribution and service, and administration and shareholder service fees, which are based on the market value of assets under management. Accordingly, a decline in the market value of assets under management would cause our revenues and income to decline. 
 
 We are also subject to market risk due to a decline in the market value of our investments, which consist of marketable securities and our net interests in CIP. The following table summarizes the impact of a 10 increase or decrease in the fair values of these financial instruments: 
 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Fair Value 10 Change Investment securities - fair value (1) 76,999 7,700 Our net interest in CIP (2) 148,107 14,811 Total Investments subject to Market Risk 225,106 22,511 
 
 (1) If a 10 increase or decrease in fair values were to occur, it would result in a corresponding increase or decrease in our pre-tax earnings. 
 (2) These represent our direct investments in investment products that are consolidated. Upon consolidation, these direct investments are eliminated, and the assets and liabilities of CIP are consolidated on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, together with a noncontrolling interest balance representing the portion of the CIP owned by third parties. If a 10 increase or decrease in the fair values of our direct investments in CIP were to occur, it would result in a corresponding increase or decrease in our pre-tax earnings. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. At December 31, 2022, we were exposed to interest rate risk as a result of approximately 155.8 million of investments in fixed and floating rate income products, which include our net interests in CIP. We considered a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates and determined that the fair value of our fixed income investments could change by an estimated 2.7 million. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 261.6 million outstanding under our Term Loan. The applicable margin on amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement is 2.25 , in the case of LIBOR-based loans, and 1.25 , in the case of an alternate base rate loan. Given our borrowings are floating rate, we considered a hypothetical 100 basis point change in the base rate of our outstanding borrowings and determined that annual interest expense would change by an estimated 2.6 million, either an increase or decrease, depending on the direction of the change in the base rate. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The audited consolidated financial statements, including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and the required supplementary quarterly information, required by this item are presented under Item 15 "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" beginning on page F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policy or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 15 "Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 Information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which shares of our common stock may be issued: 
 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2) 377,087 655,343 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 377,087 655,343 
 
 (1) The weighted-average exercise price set forth in this column is calculated excluding outstanding restricted stock unit awards ("RSUs") since recipients of such awards are not required to pay an exercise price to receive the shares subject to these awards. 
 (2) Represents shares of our common stock issuable upon the vesting of RSUs outstanding under the Company's Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan (the "Omnibus Plan"). Of the 3,370,000 maximum number of shares of our common stock authorized for issuance under the Omnibus Plan, 124,223 shares of common stock have been issued on a cumulative basis in the form of direct grants to directors. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements: The following Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Consolidated Financial Statements of Virtus are included in this Annual Report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information is either presented on the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or is not applicable or required. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 (a)(3) Exhibits: 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description (2) Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Westchester Capital Management, LLC, Westchester Capital Partners, LLC, LPC Westchester, LP, MTSWCM Holdings, LLC, RDBWCM Holdings, LLC, and the Individual Equityholders (as defined therein), dated February 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2021). 
 (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated December 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Amendment No. 4 to Form 10, filed December 19, 2008). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended on February 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 16, 2018). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant, dated October 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant's Amendment No. 2 to Form 10, filed November 14, 2008). 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Designations of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 13, 2009). 
 3.5 Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant, dated December 29, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 2, 2009). 
 3.6 Certificate of Designations of 7.25 Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 1, 2017). 
 (4) Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders including Indentures 4.1 Description of the Registrant's Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 27, 2020) . 
 (10) Material Contracts 10.1 Change in Control Agreement between George R. Aylward and the Registrant, effective as of December 31, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Amendment No. 4 to Form 10, filed December 19, 2008). 
 10.2 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed May 17, 2021). 
 10.3 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Non-Qualified Excess Investment Plan, effective as of November 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant's Amendment No. 2 to Form 10, filed November 14, 2008). 
 10.4 First Amendment to the Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Non-Qualified Excess Investment Plan, effective as of February 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2010). 
 10.5 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Severance Allowance Plan, effective as of February 2, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 4, 2009). 
 10.6 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 13, 2009). 
 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan. 
 10.8 Form of Performance Share Units Agreement under the Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan. 
 10.9 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 4, 2009). 
 10.10 Form of Indemnity Agreement. 
 10.11 Offer Letter from the Registrant to Barry M. Mandinach dated April 4, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 7, 2014). 
 10.12 Offer Letter from the Registrant to Wendy J. Hills dated July 26, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2021). 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 10.13 Offer Letter from the Registrant to Richard W. Smirl dated April 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 6, 2021). 
 10.14 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, by and among Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. as borrower, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as administrative agent, and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 4, 2021). 
 
 (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant 21.1 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Subsidiaries List. 
 
 (23) Consents of Experts and Counsel 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 
 Certifications of Registrant's Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certifications of Registrant's Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certifications of Registrant's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following information is formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by the Company in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: February 27, 2023 
 
 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. By: /S/ MICHAEL A. ANGERTHAL Michael A. Angerthal Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of February 27, 2023. 
 
 /S/ TIMOTHY A. HOLT /S/ GEORGE R. AYLWARD Timothy A. Holt Director and Non-Executive Chairman George R. Aylward President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /S/ PETER L. BAIN /S/ SUSAN S. FLEMING Peter L. Bain Director Susan S. Fleming, Ph.D. Director /S/ PAUL G. GREIG /S/ MELODY L. JONES Paul G. Greig Director Melody L. Jones Director /S/ W. HOWARD MORRIS /S/ STEPHEN T. ZARRILLI W. Howard Morris Director Stephen T. Zarrilli Director /S/ MICHAEL A. ANGERTHAL Michael A. Angerthal Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F- 2 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of Assets Acquired Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 During the year, the Company acquired Stone Harbor Investment Partners, LLC ("Stone Harbor") which was accounted for as a business combination. Management estimated the fair value of the assets acquired using (1) an excess earnings method for the investment management agreements, (2) a royalty savings method for the trade name, and (3) both a royalty savings method and a replacement cost method for the software. The determination required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to future cash flows and the selection of the discount rates and long-term growth rates for these assets. 
 
 The inputs used in estimating the fair value are in most cases unobservable and reflect management s own judgments about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets. Auditing the valuations of the assets acquired involved a high degree of judgment and an increased extent of effort, including involving our internal fair value specialists in evaluating management s judgments especially as it relates to management s assumptions of future cash flows, discount rates, and long-term growth rates. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of assets acquired for Stone Harbor included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over valuation of the assets acquired including controls over management s projections of future cash flows, discount rates, and long-term growth rates. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of significant business assumptions related to future cash flows, by comparing the projections to historical results and certain peer companies. We also held various discussions with accounting personnel and management regarding the business assumptions utilized in the valuation models and, on a sample basis, obtained audit evidence to substantiate the assumptions therein. 
 With the assistance of our internal fair value specialists we evaluated certain valuation assumptions, including discount rates and long-term growth rates. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies used by management to determine whether they were consistent with generally accepted valuation practices. 
 We evaluated the discount rates used by management to determine whether management's discount rate estimates were within our independent range. 
 We performed an analysis of inflation, economic, and industry growth statistics to determine whether management's long-term growth rate used in the income approach fell within a reasonable range of the market data. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of management s selection of guideline public companies used in developing the discount rates. 
 We evaluated whether the assumptions used were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Valuation of Contingent Consideration Refer to Notes 2, 4 and 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company periodically enters into contingent payment arrangements in connection with its business combinations or asset acquisitions. 
 
 Contingent payment obligations related to business combinations are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and are remeasured at fair value each reporting date. During the year, the contingent payment obligations associated with the 2022 acquisition of Stone Harbor and the 2021 acquisitions of NFJ Investment Group NFJ and Westchester Capital Management Westchester were valued to reflect remeasurement and payments made, if applicable, and changes were recorded in the 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 current period as a gain or loss. Management uses simulation models to determine the fair value of the Company's estimated contingent liability given the variable nature of the arrangements and the significant management judgments in estimating revenue projections, market rate assumptions, discount rates, and risk volatility assumptions. 
 
 Contingent payment obligations related to asset acquisitions, if estimable and probable of payment, are initially recorded at their estimated value and reviewed every reporting period for changes. During the year, the contingent payment obligations associated with the 2021 asset acquisition as part of the strategic partnership with Allianz Global Investors AllianzGI was valued to reflect remeasurement and payments made, if applicable, and changes were recorded in the current period as updates to the initial acquisition cost. 
 
 The valuations of the AllianzGI, NFJ, Westchester, and Stone Harbor contingent payment obligations use unobservable inputs and reflect management s own judgments about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the liabilities. Auditing the estimates involved a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. For the fair value of the business combination contingent consideration, our internal fair value specialists were engaged to evaluate management s judgments utilized within the simulation model related to revenue projections, market rate assumptions, discount rates, and risk volatility assumptions. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation of the contingent consideration liability for the AllianzGI, NFJ, Westchester, and Stone Harbor acquisitions included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over management s valuation of the contingent consideration liability. 
 We held discussions with accounting personnel and management regarding the revenue projections utilized in the valuation models. We confirmed that the products included in the revenue projections utilized in the valuation models agreed to those within the respective acquisition agreements. 
 For the AllianzGI acquisition, we evaluated the methodology used to calculate the estimated value of the contingent payment obligations to confirm it was appropriate for an asset acquisition and confirmed that the amounts recorded were based on the revenue projections and the contractual payment rate. 
 With the assistance of our internal fair value specialists, we performed the below procedures related to the NFJ, Westchester, and Stone Harbor contingent consideration liability: 
 We evaluated the valuation methodology used by management to determine whether they were consistent with generally accepted valuation practices. 
 We estimated the fair value of the contingent liability through the preparation of independent simulation models developed from the underlying acquisition agreements and using independently sourced input data. We compared the fair value estimate produced by our independent model to the model prepared by management. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of management s selection of guideline public companies used for market rate and risk volatility assumptions and the discount rates used by management in the simulation model. 
 We evaluated whether the assumptions used were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Consolidation Consolidation of Investment Products - Refer to Notes 2 and 21 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company is required to consolidate investment products to which it provides investment management services when it (1) has a majority voting interest in an investment product that is a voting interest entity (VOE) or otherwise has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity; or (2) it is considered the primary beneficiary of an investment product that is a variable interest entity (VIE). Management is required to evaluate whether an investment product is a VOE or a VIE upon its initial involvement with the investment product, or the occurrence of a reconsideration event. This assessment involves management s judgment and is determined based on a variety of factors including the capital structure of the investment product, the investment product s activities, the equity investment at risk, and the proportionate voting and economic interests of the investors in the investment product including the Company. 
 
 For each investment product that is considered a VIE, management performs a primary beneficiary analysis to determine if it holds a controlling financial interest in the investment product. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Management s evaluation of these two criteria involves judgments to analyze the 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 governing documents of the investment product. The level of judgment required may vary in significance based on the complexity of the voting rights and structure economic interests of the investment product and the facts and circumstances of the Company s investment. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort to evaluate management s conclusions related to the power criterion and the economics criterion, including characterizing rights as protective or participating and evaluating all variable interests for the potential significance of economic exposure in the entity. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to testing the consolidation assessment of VIEs included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over management s review of the consolidation analysis of new or modified investment products during the year. 
 We read and analyzed the governing documents (including the collateral management agreement, preference share subscription agreement and credit agreement, if applicable) of each investment product to assess management s conclusions. Our procedures included evaluating the following: 
 Key facts included in management s consolidation analysis are consistent with the governing documents and the Company s interests in the investment products; 
 Relevant terms impacting the consolidation analysis under GAAP were considered including the evaluation of whether the investment product is a VOE or VIE; 
 Judgments made by management based on the capital structure of the investment product, the investment product s activities, the equity investment at risk, and the proportionate voting and economic interests of the investors in the investment product including the Company were appropriate; 
 The determined primary beneficiary of those investment products possesses both (1) the power to direct activities of the VIE and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, net Assets of consolidated investment products ("CIP") Cash and cash equivalents of CIP Cash pledged or on deposit of CIP Investments of CIP Other assets of CIP Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred taxes, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Accrued compensation and benefits Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Dividends payable Contingent consideration (Note 4) Debt Other liabilities Liabilities of CIP Notes payable of CIP Securities purchased payable and other liabilities of CIP Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity: Equity attributable to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.: Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Total equity attributable to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Investment management fees Distribution and service fees Administration and shareholder service fees Other income and fees Total revenues Operating Expenses Employment expenses Distribution and other asset-based expenses Other operating expenses Other operating expenses of consolidated investment products ("CIP") Change in fair value of contingent consideration Restructuring expense Depreciation expense Amortization expense Total operating expenses Operating Income (Loss) Other Income (Expense) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net ) Realized and unrealized gain (loss) of CIP, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense), net ) Interest Income (Expense) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest and dividend income Interest and dividend income of investments of CIP Interest expense of CIP ) ) ) Total interest income (expense), net Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes Income tax expense (benefit) Net Income (Loss) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Earnings (Loss) per Share-Basic Earnings (Loss) per Share-Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding-Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding-Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net Income (Loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax of , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Permanent Equity Temporary Equity Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Attributed To Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Non- controlling Interests (in thousands, except share data) Shares Par Value Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments Net subscriptions (redemptions) and other ) ) ) ) Conversion of preferred stock ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common shares related to employee stock transactions Taxes paid on stock-based compensation ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Net subscriptions (redemptions) and other ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common shares related to employee stock transactions Taxes paid on stock-based compensation ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Net subscriptions (redemptions) and other ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common shares related to employee stock transactions ) Taxes paid on stock-based compensation ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation expense, intangible asset and other amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred commissions Payments of deferred commissions ) ) ) Equity in earnings of equity method investments ) ) ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on investments, net ) ) Distributions from equity method investments Sales (purchases) of investments, net ) ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration Deferred taxes, net ) ) Right of use asset Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net and other assets ) ) Accrued compensation and benefits, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other liabilities ) Operating activities of consolidated investment products ("CIP"): Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on investments of CIP, net ) ) Purchases of investments by CIP ) ) ) Sales of investments by CIP Net proceeds (purchases) of short-term investments and securities sold short by CIP ) ) Change in other assets and liabilities of CIP ) ) Amortization of discount on notes payable of CIP Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures and other asset purchases ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents of CIP due to consolidation (deconsolidation), net ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Refinancing of credit agreement Payment of long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Affiliate equity sales (purchases) ) Net contributions from (distributions to) noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Financing activities of CIP Borrowings by CIP Payments on borrowings by CIP ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Interest paid Income taxes paid, net Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Conversion of preferred stock to common stock Common stock dividends payable Contingent consideration Increase (decrease) to noncontrolling interests due to consolidation (deconsolidation) of CIP, net ) ) 
 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Cash of consolidated investment products Cash pledged or on deposit of consolidated investment products Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

2. 

Noncontrolling Interests 
 from their issuance) or upon certain conditions such as retirement. The put and call rights are not legally detachable or separately exercisable and are deemed to be embedded in the related noncontrolling interests. The Company, in purchasing affiliate equity, has the option to settle in cash or shares of the Company's common stock and is entitled to the cash flow associated with any purchased equity. Minority interests in an affiliate are recorded at estimated redemption value within redeemable noncontrolling interests on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and any changes in the estimated redemption value are recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Operations within noncontrolling interests. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Segment Information 
 business segment, namely as an asset manager providing investment management and related services for individual and institutional clients. Although the Company provides disclosures regarding assets under management and other asset flows by product, the Company's determination that it operates in business segment is based on the fact that the same investment professionals manage both retail and institutional products, operational resources support multiple products, such products have the same or similar regulatory framework and the Company's chief operating decision maker reviews the Company's financial performance on a consolidated level. Investment managers within the Company are generally not aligned with a specific product type. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Restricted Cash 

Investments 

F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

for furniture and office equipment and three to for computer equipment and software. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the remaining estimated lives of the related leases or useful lives of the improvements. Major renewals or betterments are capitalized, and recurring repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 
 Leases 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 to years. Definite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on an ongoing basis whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible asset may not be recoverable. The Company determines if impairment has occurred by comparing estimates of future undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of assets. Assets are considered impaired, and an impairment is recorded, if the carrying value exceeds the expected future undiscounted cash flows. 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets are comprised of certain trade names and fund investment advisory contracts. These assets are tested for impairment annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the assets might be impaired. The Company follows ASU 2012-02, Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment , which provides the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment to determine if additional impairment testing is necessary. The Company's 2022 and 2021 annual indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment analysis did not result in any impairment charges. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 The Company periodically enters into contingent payment arrangements in connection with its business combinations or asset purchases. In contingent payment arrangements, the Company agrees to pay additional transaction consideration to the seller based on future performance. The Company estimates the value of estimated future payments of these potential future obligations at the time a business combination or asset purchase is consummated. Liabilities under contingent payment arrangements are recorded within contingent consideration on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Contingent payment obligations related to business combinations are remeasured at fair value each reporting date using a simulation model with the assistance of an independent valuation firm and approved by management (level 3 fair value measurement). The change in fair value is recorded in the current period as a gain or loss. Gains and losses resulting from 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Revenue Recognition 
 Amounts paid to unaffiliated subadvisers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Stock-based Compensation 

Income Taxes 

F-16 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Earnings (Loss) per Share 

Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

3. 
 Closed-end funds Retail separate accounts Institutional accounts Total investment management fees 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

4. 
 million paid in cash and million in contingent consideration recorded at fair value, which represents future potential earn-out payments based on pre-established performance metrics related to revenue retention and revenue growth rates. Future contingent consideration will be paid, if earned, in 2023, 2026 and 2027. 
 
 The transaction consideration of million was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based upon their estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition, as well as goodwill of million and definite-lived intangible assets of million. The Company expects million of the purchase price to be tax deductible over years. The revenues and operating income of Stone Harbor were not material to the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Intangible assets 
 Goodwill 
 Other assets 
 Total Assets 
 Liabilities 
 Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 Total Net Assets Acquired 

Identifiable Intangible Assets Acquired 
 Trade names Software Total definite-lived intangible assets 
 The fair value of investment management agreements was estimated using a multi-period excess earnings method, the fair value of the trade names was estimated using a royalty savings method, and the fair value of the software was estimated using a royalty savings method and replacement cost approach. The fair value estimates were prepared with the assistance of an independent valuation firm. 
 
 Westchester Capital Management 
 On October 1, 2021, the Company acquired Westchester Capital Management, LLC ("Westchester"), which was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805. Transaction consideration consisted of million in cash and contingent consideration representing future potential earn-out payments based on pre-established performance metrics related to revenue growth rates, that was recorded as a liability on the Company's Consolidated Balance sheet. Future contingent consideration 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million. 
 
 The total transaction consideration of million was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Goodwill of million and intangible assets of million were recorded as a result of the acquisition. The Company expects million of the purchase price to be tax deductible over years. The revenues and operating income of Westchester were not material to the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Fund Adoption and NFJ Investment Group 
 On February 1, 2021, the Company executed an agreement with Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC ("AGI"), pursuant to which the Company became the investment adviser, distributor and/or administrator of certain of AGI's open-end, closed-end and retail separate account assets. This transaction was classified as an asset acquisition, and the cost of the acquisition was allocated to the assets acquired on the basis of their relative fair values. Additionally, as part of the transaction, AGI s value equity team joined the Company as a newly established affiliated manager, NFJ Investment Group ("NFJ"). The addition of NFJ was classified as a business combination under ASC 805, and assets acquired were recorded at fair value. Assets acquired primarily consisted of definite-lived intangible assets representing investment contracts as well as indefinite-lived assets consisting of goodwill related to NFJ. The revenues and operating income of NFJ were not material to the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 . Contingent payment obligations related to NFJ, which were accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, are remeasured at fair value as of each reporting period-end, with the change in fair value recorded within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. An estimate of these future payments has been recorded as a liability and included as contingent consideration on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. A payment of million was made in the first quarter of 2022. The estimated value of the total future revenue participation payments at December 31, 2022 was million. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

5. 
 ) Additions/Transfers ) Intangible amortization ) ) ) Balances of December 31, 2021 ) Additions Adjustments ) ) ) Intangible amortization ) ) ) Balances of December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 Activity in goodwill was as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Goodwill Balance, beginning of period Acquisitions Balance, end of period 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and Thereafter 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the weighted average estimated remaining amortization period for definite-lived intangible assets was years. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

6. 
 
 Equity method investments (1) Nonqualified retirement plan assets Other investments Total investments 
 (1) The Company's equity method investments are valued on a three-month lag based upon the availability of financial information. 
 
 Investment Securities - Fair Value 
 Investment securities - fair value consist of investments in the Company's sponsored funds and separately managed accounts. 
 Equity securities Total investment securities - fair value 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized a net realized loss of million, and gains of million and million, respectively, on the sale of its investment securities - fair value. 
 
 Equity Method Investments 
 The Company's equity method investments primarily consist of a minority investment in an affiliated manager and an investment in a limited partnership. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, distributions from equity method investments were million, million and million, respectively. The remaining capital commitment for one of the Company's equity method investments at December 31, 2022 was million. 
 
 Nonqualified Retirement Plan Assets 
 The Company's Excess Incentive Plan allows certain employees to voluntarily defer compensation. The Company holds the Excess Incentive Plan assets in a rabbi trust, which is subject to the claims of the Company's creditors in the event of the Company's bankruptcy or insolvency. Each participant is responsible for designating investment options for their contributions, and the ultimate distribution paid to each participant reflects any gains or losses on the assets realized while in the trust. Assets held in trust are included in investments and are carried at fair value utilizing Level 1 valuation techniques in accordance with ASC 320; the associated obligations to participants are included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 
 Other Investments 
 Other investments represent interests in entities not accounted for under the equity method such as those accounted for under the cost method. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

7. 
 Investment securities - fair value Sponsored funds Equity securities Nonqualified retirement plan assets Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Contingent consideration Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash equivalents Investment securities - fair value Sponsored funds Equity securities Nonqualified retirement plan assets Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Contingent consideration Total liabilities measured at fair value 

F-22 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Additions for acquisitions Reduction of liability for payments made ) ) Increase (reduction) of liability related to re-measurement of fair value, net Contingent consideration, end of year 

8. 
 Furniture and office equipment Computer equipment and software Subtotal Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

9. 
 to years and a weighted average remaining lease term of years. The Company has options to renew some of its leases for periods ranging from to years, depending on the lease. None of the Company's renewal options were considered reasonably assured of being exercised and, therefore, were excluded from the initial lease term used to determine the Company's right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company's right-of-use asset, recorded in other assets , and lease liability, recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, at December 31, 2022 were million and million, respectively. The weighted average discount rate used to measure the Company's lease liability was at December 31, 2022. 
 Lease expense totaled million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash payments relating to operating leases during 2022 were million. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 

10. 
 State Total current tax expense (benefit) Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Total expense (benefit) for income taxes 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit Excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation ) ) ) ) Nondeductible compensation Effect of net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other, net Income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 The provision for income taxes reflects U.S. federal, state and local taxes at an effective tax rate of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company's tax position for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was impacted by changes in the valuation allowance related to the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the Company's investments. 
 
 Deferred taxes resulted from temporary differences between the amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Net operating losses Compensation accruals Lease liability Investments Capital losses Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Gross deferred tax assets after valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Other investments ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 
 At each reporting date, the Company evaluates the positive and negative evidence used to determine the likelihood of realization of its deferred tax assets. The Company maintained a valuation allowance in the amount of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, relating to deferred tax assets on items of a capital nature as well as certain state deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards for federal income tax purposes represented by a million deferred tax asset. The related federal net operating loss carry-forwards are scheduled to begin to expire in the year 2031. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had state net operating loss carry-forwards, varying by subsidiary and jurisdiction, represented by a million deferred tax asset. Certain state net operating loss carry-forwards are scheduled to begin to expire in 2023. 
 
 Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ("Section 382") limits tax deductions for net operating losses, capital losses and net unrealized built-in losses after there is a substantial change in ownership in a corporation's stock involving a -percentage point increase in ownership by or larger stockholders. At December 31, 2022, the Company had pre-change losses represented by deferred tax assets totaling million that are subject to Section 382 limits. The utilization of these assets is subject to an annual limitation of million. 
 
 Decrease related to tax positions taken in prior years ) ) Increase related to positions taken in the current year Balance, end of year 
 
 If recognized, million of the million gross unrecognized tax benefit balance at December 31, 2022 would favorably impact the Company's effective income tax rate. The Company does not expect any significant changes to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months. 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

11. 
 million term loan (the "Term Loan") expiring in September 2028 and (ii) a million revolving credit facility with a term expiring in September 2026. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid million outstanding under its Term Loan. At December 31, 2022, million was outstanding under the Term Loan, and there were outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. In accordance with ASC 835, Interest , the amounts outstanding under the Company's Term Loan are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet net of related debt issuance costs, which were million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement bear interest at an annual rate equal to, at the option of the Company, either LIBOR (adjusted for reserves) for interest periods of one, three or six months (or, solely in the case of the revolving credit facility, if agreed to by each relevant Lender, 12 months) or an alternate base rate, in either case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margins are , in the case of LIBOR-based loans, and , in the case of alternate base rate loans. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears with respect to alternate base rate loans and on the last day of each interest period with respect to LIBOR-based loans (but, in the case of any LIBOR-based loan with an interest period of more than three months, at three-month intervals). The Credit Agreement contains LIBOR and other subsequent benchmark successor provisions. 
 
 The terms of the Credit Agreement require the Company to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the average unused amount of the revolving credit facility. The fee is initially set at and following the first delivery of certain financial reports, will range from to , based on the secured net leverage ratio of the Company as of the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter, as reflected in such financial reports. 
 
 The Term Loan amortizes at the rate of per annum payable in equal quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter, commencing on December 31, 2021. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that the Term Loan be mandatorily prepaid with (i) of the Company s excess cash flow on an annual basis, stepping down to if the Company s secured net leverage ratio declines to :1 or below and stepping down to if the Company s secured net leverage ratio declines below :1; (ii) of the net proceeds of certain asset sales, casualty or condemnation events, subject to customary reinvestment rights; and (iii) of the proceeds of any indebtedness incurred to refinance the term loans or other refinancing indebtedness as well as indebtedness incurred other than indebtedness permitted to be incurred by the Credit Agreement. At any time, upon timely notice, the Company may terminate the Credit Agreement in full, reduce the commitment under the facility in minimum specified increments or prepay loans in whole or in part, subject to the payment of breakage fees with respect to LIBOR-based loans and, in the case of any term loans that are prepaid in connection with a "repricing transaction" occurring within the period following the closing date of the Credit Agreement, a premium. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that affect, among other things, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or dissolve, make investments, dispose of assets, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, make distributions and dividends and prepayments of junior indebtedness, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into restrictive agreements, amend documentation governing junior indebtedness, modify its fiscal year and modify its organizational documents, subject to customary exceptions, thresholds, qualifications and "baskets." In addition, the Credit Agreement contains a financial performance covenant that is only applicable when greater than of the revolving credit facility is outstanding, requiring a maximum leverage ratio, as of the last day of each of the four fiscal quarter periods, of no greater than the levels set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 

12. 

13. 
 each. During the third and fourth quarters of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends on the Company's common stock of each. Total dividends declared on the Company's common stock were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, million was included as dividends payable in liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet representing the fourth quarter dividends to be paid on February 15, 2023 for common stock shareholders of record as of January 31, 2023. 
 
 Common Stock Repurchases 
 common shares at a weighted average price of per share, for a total cost, including fees and expenses, of million under its share repurchase program. In May 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an additional shares under the share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, shares remain available for repurchase. Under the terms of the program, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock from time to time at its discretion through open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions and/or other mechanisms, depending on price and prevailing market and business conditions. The program, which has no specified term, may be suspended or terminated at any time. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. 
 Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) (1) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 Foreign Currency 
 Translation Adjustments 
 (in thousands) 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) (1) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

15. 
 of employees' contributions up to the first of the employees' compensation contributed to the 401(k) Plan. The Company's matching contributions were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

16. 
 shares of common stock remain available for issuance of the shares that are authorized for issuance under the Omnibus Plan. 

Restricted Stock Units 
 Each RSU entitles the holder to share of common stock when the restriction expires. RSUs may be time-vested or performance-contingent PSUs that convert into RSUs after performance measurement is complete and generally vest in one to . Shares that are issued upon vesting are newly issued shares from the Omnibus Plan and are not issued from treasury stock. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Granted Forfeited ) Settled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The grant-date intrinsic value of RSUs granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 Fair value of RSUs vested 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, a total of , and RSUs, respectively, were withheld by the Company as a result of net share settlements to settle minimum employee tax withholding obligations. The Company paid million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in minimum employee tax withholding obligations related to RSUs withheld for net share settlements. These net share settlements had the effect of share repurchases by the Company as they reduced the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued as a result of the vesting. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company granted and PSUs, respectively, that contain performance-based metrics in addition to a service condition. Compensation expense for PSUs is generally recognized over a service period based upon the value determined using a combination of (i) the intrinsic value method, for awards that contain a performance metric that represents a "performance condition" in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("ASC 718") and (ii) the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model for awards that contain a "market condition" performance metric under ASC 718. Compensation expense for PSU awards that contain a market condition is fixed at the date of grant and will not be adjusted in future periods based upon the achievement of the market condition. Compensation expense for PSU awards with a performance condition is recorded each period based upon a probability assessment of the expected outcome of the performance metric with a final adjustment upon measurement at the end of the performance period. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized stock-based compensation expense for unvested RSUs and PSUs was million and million, respectively, with a weighted average remaining contractual life of years and years, respectively. The Company did t capitalize any stock-based compensation expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company offers an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase shares of common stock on the open market at market price through after-tax payroll deductions. The initial transaction fees are paid for by the Company and shares of common stock are purchased on a quarterly basis. The Company does not reserve shares for this plan or discount the purchase price of the shares. 

17. 
 million in in restructuring costs, primarily related to the write-down of right-of-use assets for a lease in conjunction with the consolidation of certain office space. 

F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

18. 
 Noncontrolling interests ) ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Shares (in thousands): Basic: Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Plus: Incremental shares from assumed conversion of dilutive instruments Diluted: Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Earnings (Loss) per Share Basic Earnings (Loss) per Share Diluted 
 
 Total anti-dilutive securities 

19. 
 
 Less than 10 percent of total revenues of the Company 

20. 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Changes in redemption value (1) ) ) Total net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Affiliate equity sales (purchases) ) ) Net subscriptions (redemptions) and other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Relates to noncontrolling interests redeemable at other than fair value. 

21. 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Investments Other assets Notes payable ) ) Securities purchased payable and other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) ) ) Net interests in CIP 
 
 Consolidated CLOs 
 The majority of the Company's CIP that are VIEs are CLOs. At December 31, 2022, the Company consolidated CLOs. The financial information of certain CLOs is included on the Company's consolidated financial statements on a one-month lag based upon the availability of their financial information. A majority-owned consolidated private fund, whose primary purpose is to invest in CLOs for which the Company serves as the collateral manager, is also included. 
 
 Investments of CLOs 
 The CLOs held investments of billion at December 31, 2022 consisting of bank loan investments, which comprise the majority of the CLOs' portfolio asset collateral and are senior secured corporate loans across a variety of industries. These bank loan investments mature at various dates between 2023 and 2030 and pay interest at LIBOR plus a spread of up to . The CLOs may elect to reinvest any prepayments received on bank loan investments up until the periods between October 2019 and October 2026, depending on the CLO. Generally, subsequent prepayments received after the reinvestment period must be used to pay down the note obligations. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the senior bank loans was less than the unpaid principal balance by million. At December 31, 2022, there were material collateral assets in default. 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

billion at December 31, 2022, consisting of senior secured floating rate notes payable with a par value of billion and subordinated notes with a par value of million. These note obligations bear interest at variable rates based on LIBOR plus a pre-defined spread ranging from to . The principal amounts outstanding of these note obligations mature on dates ranging from October 2027 to October 2034. 
 
 The Company's beneficial interests and maximum exposure to loss related to these consolidated CLOs is limited to (i) ownership in the subordinated notes and (ii) accrued management fees. The secured notes of the consolidated CLOs have contractual recourse only to the related assets of the CLO and are classified as financial liabilities. 
 Accrued investment management fees Total Beneficial Interests 
 
 The following table represents income and expenses of the consolidated CLOs included on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations for the period indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Income: Realized and unrealized gain (loss), net ) Interest income Total Income Expenses: Other operating expenses Interest expense Total Expense Noncontrolling interests Net Income (loss) attributable to CIP ) 
 
 As summarized in the table below, the application of the measurement alternative as prescribed by ASU 2014-13 results in the consolidated net income summarized above to be equivalent to the Company's own economic interests in the consolidated CLOs, which are eliminated upon consolidation: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) Distributions received and unrealized gains (losses) on the subordinated notes held by the Company ) Investment management fees Total Economic Interests ) 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Debt investments Equity investments Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Notes payable Short sales Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Cash equivalents Debt investments Equity investments Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Notes payable Short sales Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Short sales are transactions in which a security is sold that is not owned or is owned but there is no intention to deliver, in anticipation that the price of the security will decline. Short sales are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets within other liabilities of CIP and are classified as Level 1 based on the underlying equity security. 
 
 The securities purchased payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximated fair value due to the short term nature of the instruments. 
 
 Purchases Sales ) ) Amortization Change in unrealized gains (losses), net ) Realized gains (loss), net ) ) Transfers to Level 2 ) ) Transfers from Level 2 Balance at end of period 
 (1) The investments that are categorized as Level 3 were valued utilizing third-party pricing information without adjustment. Transfers in and/or out of levels are reflected when significant inputs, including market inputs or performance attributes, used for the fair value measurement become observable/unobservable at period end. 
 
 Nonconsolidated VIEs 

At December 31, 2022, the carrying value and maximum risk of loss related to the Company's interest in these VIEs was million. 

22. 
 per common share to be paid on May 15, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 28, 2023. 

F-34 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 formofrestrictedstockuni.htm
 EX-10.7 FORM OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT

formofrestrictedstockuni 

FORM OF VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, INC. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS AGREEMENT Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (the Company hereby grants to the Participant named below a Restricted Stock Unit award Award ), each Restricted Stock Unit Restricted Stock Unit or RSU representing the right to receive one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share Common Shares in accordance with and subject to the terms and restrictions of this Agreement (the Agreement and the Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan (the Plan ), which is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Agreement. This is the first page of the Agreement, which describes in detail your rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units granted to you hereby and which constitutes a legal agreement between you and the Company. 1. Participant Name: 2. Award Date: 3. Number of Restricted Stock Units 4. Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date(s): IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. and the Participant agree to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement, as of the date noted below. VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, INC. By: Title: Date: , 20 RECIPIENT: Name: (Please sign and return this page) Note: This Agreement is not valid unless signed on behalf of the Company by an Executive Officer of the Company and accepted electronically through Stock Plan Services Administrator. ARTICLE I RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS Section 1.1. Restricted Stock Unit. Restricted Stock Unit means the right to receive one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share Common Shares subject to the terms of this Agreement. Section 1.2. Vesting. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Award, including Sections 1.3 and 1.4 below, your Restricted Stock Units will vest on the conclusion of each vesting period ending on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date(s) indicated on page one of this Agreement, provided that you remain actively employed by the Company until each respective Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date(s). Section 1.3. Termination of Employment. (a)(i) If your employment with the Company terminates due to death, Disability, Early Retirement (as these terms are defined in the Plan) or an involuntary termination that qualifies you for severance pay and severance benefits under a Company approved written severance plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, all as conclusively determined by the Company, you will be entitled to a prorated portion of your non-vested Restricted Stock Units, in accordance with Sections 1.3(a)(ii) and 1.3(a)(iii) below, in an amount equal to (X) minus (Y), rounded up to the nearest whole share, where: (X) equals the product of the number of Restricted Stock Units awarded multiplied by the ratio of (1) the number of days that you were actively employed by the Company since the Award Date, divided by (2) the number of days between the Award Date and the final Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date for the Restriction Stock Units covered by this Agreement; and (Y) equals the number of Restricted Stock Units that have already vested in accordance with Section 1.2 as of your termination date; (ii) If your employment with the Company terminates due to death, Disability (as that term is defined in the Plan) or an involuntary termination that qualifies you for severance pay and severance benefits under a Company approved written severance plan, the prorated number of Restricted Stock Units that you are entitled to under Section 1.3(a)(i) above will vest immediately and a distribution of the Common Shares underlying the prorated Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made within 90 days following your termination of employment. The balance of any Restricted Stock Units are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. (iii) If your employment with the Company terminates due to Early Retirement (as that term is defined in the Plan), the prorated number of Restricted Stock Units that you are entitled to under Section 1.3(a)(i) above will continue to vest on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date(s) indicated on page one of this Agreement and a distribution of the Common Shares underlying the prorated Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made in accordance with Section 2.4 below; provided that, in the case of an Award which becomes vested in installments, the number of Restricted Stock Units that will vest on each remaining installment date shall be equal to the total number of prorated shares that are subject to continued vesting in accordance with Section 1.3(a)(i) above divided by the number of remaining installments of the Award. The balance of any Restricted Stock Units are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. (b) If your employment with the Company terminates due to Retirement (as that term is defined in the Plan), as conclusively determined by the Company, your non-vested Restricted Stock Units shall not be prorated and shall vest on the conclusion of each vesting period ending on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date(s) indicated on page one of this Agreement and a distribution of the Common Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made in accordance with Section 2.4 below. (c) If your employment with the Company terminates prior to the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date due to any reason other than those expressly identified in Sections 1.3(a) or 1.3(b) above, then all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested in accordance with Section 1.2 as of your termination date shall be forfeited and you shall have no rights thereunder or hereunder. (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, at the election of the Company, your non-vested Restricted Stock Units will not vest and no shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units will be distributed to you under Sections 1.3(a) or 1.3(b) above, unless and until you have delivered to the Company a written waiver and release in form and content satisfactory to the Company and any right of you to revoke such waiver and release has expired, provided that, if the period during which you are entitled to consider such waiver and release and to revoke such waiver and release, if applicable, spans two calendar years, then your non-vested Restricted Stock Units will not vest and no shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units will be distributed to you until the later of (i) the end of the revocation period (assuming that you do not revoke), or (ii) the first business day of the second calendar year (regardless of whether the you used the full time period allowed for consideration), all if and as required for purposes of Section 409A. Section 1.4 Change in Control. Subject to Section 11.2 of the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), your Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement will automatically vest to the extent not then vested. ARTICLE II RIGHTS AND SETTLEMENT Section 2.1. Rights as a Shareholder. Your Restricted Stock Units will not give you any right to vote on any matter submitted to the Company s stockholders. You will have voting rights with respect to the Common Shares that underlie your Restricted Stock Units only after the shares have actually been issued to you. Section 2.2. Restrictions on Transferability. You will not have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber your Restricted Stock Units. Any attempt to affect any of the preceding in violation of this Section 2.2, whether voluntary or involuntary, will be void. Section 2.3. Dividend Equivalents. The Company will credit each of your Restricted Stock Units with Dividend Equivalents from the date your award is granted to the end of the Restricted Period (as defined in the Plan) which shall be determined pursuant to Section 1.2 of this Agreement. A Dividend Equivalent is an amount equal to the cash dividend payable per Common Share multiplied by the number of Common Shares then underlying each Restricted Stock Unit. Such amount shall be credited to a book entry account on your behalf at the time the Company pays any cash dividend on its Common Shares while your Restricted Stock Units are outstanding. Dividend Equivalents shall vest at the same time as the underlying Restricted Stock Units, and shall be distributed at the same time as the underlying Restricted Stock Units convert to Common Shares. Section 2.4. Settlement of Your Restricted Stock Units. Promptly after the date(s), if any, your Restricted Stock Units vest pursuant to Section 1.2, the Company will deliver to you the number of Common Shares then underlying your vested Restricted Stock Units. Section 2.5. Adjustment Due to Change in Capitalization. If any Adjustment Event (as defined in the Plan) occurs before all of the Restricted Stock Units are settled pursuant to Section 2.4, the number of Common Shares underlying each remaining Restricted Stock Unit may be appropriately and equitably adjusted as provided in the Plan. Section 2.6 Clawback. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary this Award is expressly subject to the provisions in this Section 2.6. You agree that the Company may enforce the provisions in this Section 2.6 by all legal means available, including, without limitation, by withholding the value of the amount required to be returned to the Company and forfeited hereunder from other sums owed to you by the Company. (a) If, following the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, due to death, Disability, Early Retirement or Retirement, the Company becomes aware that (i) during your employment with the Company you engaged in any activity that would have been grounds to terminate your employment or service with the Company for Cause (as defined in the Plan), as reasonably determined by the Committee, or (ii) following your employment with the Company, you have breached any written covenant or agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as reasonably determined by the Committee, not to disclose or misuse any information pertaining to, or misuse any property of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or not to compete or interfere with the Company, or not to solicit employees, agents, customers or clients of the Company, then upon written demand by the Company, you agree to return to the Company and forfeit, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that portion (which may be all) of your Award (including any Dividend Equivalents thereon) or Common Shares distributed in respect of your vested Award, or the value thereof (regardless of whether vesting has occurred and Common Shares distributed) that the Committee, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate. 

(b) The Award (including any Dividend Equivalents thereon), Common Shares distributed in respect of your vested Award, or the value thereof (regardless of whether vesting has occurred and Common Shares distributed) shall also be subject to forfeiture to the extent required by applicable law. Further, if the Company is required by applicable law, rule or regulation to include or adopt any additional clawback or forfeiture provision relating to outstanding and/or vested or earned awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then you hereby agree that such clawback or forfeiture provision shall also apply to your Award under this Agreement as if it had been included on the Award Date and the Company shall notify the you of such additional provision. ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATION Section 3.1. Administration. The Committee is authorized to interpret your Award and this Agreement and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration and interpretation of your Award to carry out its provisions and purposes. Determinations, interpretations or other actions made or taken by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons. The Committee may consult with legal counsel, who may be regular counsel to the Committee, and shall not incur any liability for any action taken in good faith in reliance upon the advice of counsel. ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS Section 4.1. Tax Withholding. The Company will have the power to withhold, or require you to remit to the Company promptly upon notification of the amount due, an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state and local withholding tax requirements with respect to your Award (or settlement thereof), and delivery of Common Shares shall not occur until such requirements are satisfied. You shall have the right to elect (a) to have Common Shares deliverable in respect of your Award withheld by the Company or (b) to deliver to the Company previously acquired Common Shares, in each case, having a fair market value sufficient to satisfy your statutory minimum Federal, state and local tax obligation associated with the transaction. Section 4.2 IRC Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intention of the parties that this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and all regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and this Agreement and the payments of any benefits hereunder will be operated and administered accordingly. However, neither the Company nor the Committee shall have any liability to any person in the event Code Section 409A applies to this award or any payments hereunder in a transaction that result in adverse tax consequences to the award holder or any beneficiaries or transferees. If you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, distributions under Section 1.3 above may be delayed until six months and one day following the date of such termination of employment to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Section 4.3. Requirements of Law. The granting of your Award and the issuance of Common Shares will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. Section 4.4. No Impact on Benefits. Your Award will not be compensation for purposes of calculating your rights under any employee benefit plan. Section 4.5. Securities Law Compliance. The Company shall have the authority to determine the instruments by which your Award shall be evidenced. Instruments evidencing your Award may contain such other provisions as the Company deems advisable. The undersigned understands that the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Form S- 8 registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to the Plan and the shares covered by this Agreement. The Company will endeavor to keep such registration statement effective, but in the event the Company notifies you that such registration statement is not then effective, you agree to refrain from sales of Common Shares until such time as the Company advises you that such registration statement has become effective. Section 4.6 Trading Black Out Periods. By entering into this Agreement you expressly agree that: (i) during all periods of your employment with the Company or its affiliates, or while you are otherwise maintained on the payroll of the Company or its affiliates, you agree to abide by all trading black out periods with respect to purchases or sales of Company stock or exercises of stock options for the Company s stock established from time to time by the Company Trading Black Out Periods and (ii) upon any cessation or termination of your employment with the Company and its affiliates for any reason, you agree that for a period of three (3) months following the effective date of any such termination or cessation of your employment or, if later, for a period of three (3) months following the date as of which you are no longer on the payroll of the Company and its affiliates, you agree to continue to abide by all such Trading Black Out Periods established from time to time by the Company. Section 4.7 Other. This Agreement is binding on you and your executors, administrators, heirs and personal and legal representatives and on the Company and its successors or assigns. This Agreement, including the Cover Page and the Plan, contains the entire Agreement and all terms between you and the Company with respect to this Award, and there are no other understandings, warranties or representations with respect to this Award. Nothing in this Agreement gives you the right to continue working for or with the Company nor changes the right which the Company has to terminate your employment at any time. This Agreement and your Award shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut (other than its conflict of law principles). Any determination or interpretation by the Committee or Company, as applicable, under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons affected hereby. In the event of a conflict between any term of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 formofperformanceshareun.htm
 EX-10.8 FORM OF PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS AGREEMENT

formofperformanceshareun 

VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, INC. PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS AGREEMENT Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Company hereby grants to the Participant named below a Performance Share Unit award Performance Share Unit Award ), each Performance Share Unit representing the right to receive a Restricted Stock Unit or, in certain instances expressly set forth below, a share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share (a Common Share ), as applicable, in accordance with and subject to the terms and restrictions of this Agreement (the Agreement and the Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Omnibus Incentive and Equity Plan Plan ), which is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Agreement. In the event that the Performance Goals are met, upon the expiration of the Performance Cycle, the Company shall grant to the Participant a Restricted Stock Unit award Restricted Stock Unit Award ), each Restricted Stock Unit representing the right to receive a Common Share in accordance with and subject to the terms and restrictions of this Agreement and the Plan. (For purposes of this Agreement, Performance Share Unit Awards and Restricted Stock Unit Awards, collectively shall be referred to as the Awards ). This is the first page of the Agreement which describes the Performance Share Units granted to you, and Restricted Stock Units which may be granted to you, hereby and which constitutes a legal agreement between you and the Company. 1. Participant Name: 2. Performance Share Unit Award Date: , 20 3. Target Number of Performance Share Units: 4. Performance Cycle: , 20 to , 20 5. Restricted Stock Unit Award Date: , 20 6. Number of Restricted Stock Units: To be determined based on calculation under Attachment A 7. Restriction Stock Unit Vesting Date: , 20 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. and the Participant agree to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement, as of the date noted below. VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, INC. By: Title: Date: , 20 RECIPIENT: Name: (Please sign and return this page) Note: This Agreement is not valid unless signed on behalf of the Company by an Executive Officer of the Company and accepted electronically through Stock Plan Services Administrator. ARTICLE I PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS Section 1.1. Performance Share Unit. Performance Share Unit means a long-term incentive award representing the right to receive a Restricted Stock Unit or, in certain instances expressly set forth in this Agreement, a Common Share, as described in and subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. Section 1.2 Calculation of Earned Performance Share Units. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors Committee ), in its sole discretion, will determine the number of Performance Share Units earned by you at the end of the Performance Cycle, based upon the achievement of the Performance Goals (as generally defined in Section 2.1(cc) of the Plan). In the event that the Committee has the discretion under the Plan to adjust the Performance Goals or the Performance Cycle with respect to the Performance Share Units, no such discretion shall be exercised in a manner that would serve to increase the amount of compensation that would otherwise have been due upon attainment of the Performance Goal or upon completion of the Performance Cycle (as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.162-27(e)(2)(iii)) prior to the exercise of such discretion. Section 1.3. Determination of Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Section 1.4 and 1.5 below, your entitlement to Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be determined following the conclusion of the Performance Cycle, and your Performance Share Units will convert to such Restricted Stock Units on the Restricted Stock Unit Award Date (the Conversion ), except as otherwise expressly provided herein. Any Performance Share Units not converted to Restricted Stock Units on the Conversion date under this Section 1.3, and not vested under Sections 1.4 or 1.5 below, are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. Section 1.4. Termination of Employment. (a)(i) If your employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Performance Cycle, or after the end of the Performance Cycle but prior to the Restricted Stock Unit Award Date, due to death, Disability, Early Retirement (as these terms are defined in the Plan) or an involuntary termination that qualifies you for severance pay and severance benefits under a Company approved written severance plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, all as conclusively determined by the Company, you shall be eligible to receive a prorated Performance Share Unit Award, in accordance with Sections 1.4(a)(ii) and 1.4(iii) below, based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goals for the full Performance Cycle, multiplied by the ratio of (X) the number of days that you were actively employed by the Company since the Performance Share Unit Award Date divided by (Y) the number of days during the period beginning on the Performance Share Unit Award Date and ending on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date. (ii) If your employment with the Company terminates due to death, Disability (as that term is defined in the Plan) or an involuntary termination that qualifies you for severance pay and severance benefits under a Company approved written severance plan, the prorated number of Performance Share Units, if any, that you are entitled to under Section 1.4(a)(i) above will vest and a distribution of the Common Shares underlying the prorated Performance Share Unit Award, if any, to which you are entitled shall be made within 90 days following the end of the Performance Cycle. The balance of any Performance Share Units are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. (iii) If your employment with the Company terminates due to Early Retirement (as that term is defined in the Plan), the prorated number of Performance Share Units, if any, that you are entitled to under Section 1.4(a)(i) above will convert into Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Section 1.3 above and shall vest on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date indicated on page one of this Agreement. A distribution of the Common Shares underlying the prorated Restricted Stock Unit Award, if any, to which you are entitled shall be made in accordance with Section 3.4 below. The balance of any Performance Share Units are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. (b) If your employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Performance Cycle, or after the end of the Performance Cycle but prior to the Restricted Stock Unit Award Date, due to Retirement (as that term is defined in the Plan), as conclusively determined by the Company, you shall be eligible to receive a Performance Share Unit Award based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goals for the full Performance Cycle. Your Performance Share Unit Award, if any, shall not be prorated and will convert into Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Section 1.3 above and shall vest on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date indicated on page one of this Agreement. A distribution of the Common Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made in accordance with Section 3.5 below. (c) If your employment with the Company terminates prior to the end of the Performance Cycle, or after the end of the Performance Cycle but prior to the Restricted Stock Award Date, due to any reason other than those expressly identified in Sections 1.4(a) and 1.4(b) above, then all Performance Share Units under this Agreement shall be forfeited as of your termination date and you shall have no further rights therein. (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, at the election of the Company, the Common Shares underlying the Performance Share Units will not be considered vested and will not be distributed to you under Sections 1.4(a) or 1.4(b) above, unless and until you have delivered to the Company a written waiver and release in form and content satisfactory to the Company and any right of you to revoke such waiver and release has expired, provided that, if the period during which you are entitled to consider such waiver and release and to revoke such waiver and release, if applicable, spans two calendar years, then the distribution of Common Shares underlying such Performance Share Units will in no case be made until the later of (i) the end of the revocation period (assuming that you do not revoke), or (ii) the first business day of the second calendar year (regardless of whether the you used the full time period allowed for consideration), all if and as required for purposes of Section 409A. Section 1.5 Change in Control While Performance Share Units Remain Outstanding. Subject to Section 11.2 of the Plan, in the event a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs before the end of the Performance Cycle and prior to any termination of your 

employment with the Company, then (i) the Performance Goals shall be deemed to have been met at, and your Performance Share Units shall vest at, the Target level, (ii) the Performance Share Units so vested shall not be subject to proration, and (iii) the Common Shares underlying such vested Performance Share Units shall be distributed to you within 90 days following the end of the Performance Cycle, unless any such distribution cannot be made because the Change in Control does not constitute a change in control as defined under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), then such distribution of the Common Shares shall be made at the next event, occurrence or date at which such distribution could be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. ARTICLE II RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS Section 2.1. Restricted Stock Unit. Restricted Stock Unit means a long-term incentive award representing the right to receive a Common Share as described in and subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. You will have voting rights with respect to the Common Shares that underlie your Restricted Stock Units only if and to the extent such Common Shares have actually been issued to you. Section 2.2 Calculation Restricted Stock Units. The Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine the number of Performance Share Units that will be converted to Restricted Stock Units under Section 1.2 of the Agreement. Section 2.3. Vesting. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including Sections 2.4 and 2.5 below, your Restricted Stock Units will vest on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date specified on page 1 of this Agreement (i.e., the two-year anniversary of the Restricted Stock Unit Award), provided that you remain actively employed by the Company until such date, except only as otherwise expressly provided herein. Section 2.4. Termination of Employment. (a)(i) If your employment with the Company terminates after the Restricted Stock Unit Award Date and prior to the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date due to death, Disability, Early Retirement (as these terms are defined in the Plan) or an involuntary termination that qualifies you for severance pay and severance benefits under a Company approved written severance plan, arrangement or agreement with the Company, all as conclusively determined by the Company, you shall be eligible to receive a prorated Restricted Stock Unit Award, in accordance with Sections 2.4(a)(ii) and 2.4(a)(iii) below, in an amount equal to the product of the number of Restricted Stock Units awarded, multiplied by the ratio of (X) the number of days that you were actively employed by the Company since the Performance Share Unit Award Date, divided by (Y) the number of days during the period beginning on the Performance Share Unit Award Date and ending on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date. (ii) If your employment with the Company terminates due to death, Disability (as that term is defined in the Plan) or an involuntary termination that qualifies you for severance pay and severance benefits under a Company approved written severance plan, the prorated number of Restricted Stock Units that you are entitled to under Section 2.4(a)(i) above will vest immediately and a distribution of the Common Shares underlying the prorated Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made within 90 days following your termination of employment. The balance of any Restricted Stock Units are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. (iii) If your employment with the Company terminates due to Early Retirement (as that term is defined in the Plan), the prorated number of Restricted Stock Units that you are entitled to under Section 2.4(a)(i) above will vest on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date indicated on page one of this Agreement. A distribution of the Common Shares underlying the prorated Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made in accordance with Section 3.4 below. The balance of any Restricted Stock Units are forfeited and you shall have no further rights therein. (b) If your employment with the Company terminates after the Restricted Stock Unit Award Date and prior to the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date due to Retirement (as that term is defined in the Plan), as conclusively determined by the Company, your Restricted Stock Unit Award shall not be prorated and shall vest on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date indicated on page one of this Agreement. A distribution of the Common Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Unit Award to which you are entitled shall be made in accordance with Section 3.4 below. (c) If your employment with the Company terminates after the Restricted Stock Unit Award Date and prior to the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date due to any reason other than those expressly identified in Sections 2.4(a) and 2.4(b) above, then all Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited as of your termination date and you shall have no rights therein. (d) Notwithstanding anything to in this Agreement to the contrary, at the election of the Company, your non-vested Restricted Stock Units will not vest and no shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units will be distributed to you under Sections 2.4(a) and 2.4(b) above, unless and until you have delivered to the Company a written waiver and release in form and content satisfactory to the Company and any right of you to revoke such waiver and release has expired, provided that, if the period during which you are entitled to consider such waiver and release and to revoke such waiver and release, if applicable, spans two calendar years, then your non-vested Restricted Stock Units will not vest and no shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units will be distributed to you until the later of (i) the end of the revocation period (assuming that you do not revoke), or (ii) the first business day of the second calendar year (regardless of whether the you used the full time period allowed for consideration), all if and as required for purposes of Section 409A. Section 2.5 Change in Control. Subject to Section 11.2 of the Plan, in the event a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs after the end of the Performance Cycle (regardless of whether the Conversion has occurred) and prior to any termination of your employment with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units to which you are entitled under Section 2.2 above and which are then outstanding will automatically vest to the extent not then vested. The Common Shares underlying such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be distributed within 30 days following the Change in Control, unless any such distribution cannot be made because the Change in Control does not constitute a change in control as defined under Section 409A of the Code, then such distribution of the Common Shares shall be made at the next event, occurrence or date at which such distribution could be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. ARTICLE III RIGHTS AND SETTLEMENT Section 3.1. Rights as a Shareholder. Your Performance Share Units and Restricted Stock Units will not give you any right to vote on any matter submitted to the Company s stockholders. You will have voting rights with respect to the Common Shares that underlie your Performance Share Units and/or Restricted Stock Units only if and to the extent the shares have actually been issued to you. Section 3.2. Restrictions on Transferability. You will not have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise encumber your Performance Share Units and/or Restricted Stock Units. Any attempt to effect any of the preceding in violation of this Section 3.2, whether voluntary or involuntary, will be void. Section 3.3. Dividend Equivalents. The Company will credit each of your outstanding Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable, with Dividend Equivalents. A Dividend Equivalent is an amount equal to the cash dividend payable per Common Share multiplied by the number of Common Shares then underlying such outstanding Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable. Such amount shall be credited to a book entry account on your behalf at the time the Company pays any cash dividend on its Common Shares while your Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable, are outstanding. Your rights in any such Dividend Equivalents shall vest at the same time as, and only to the extent, that the underlying Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units, as applicable, vest and shall be distributed at the same time as, and only to the extent, the related Common Shares are to be distributed to you in accordance with this Agreement and to which such Dividend Equivalents apply. Section 3.4. Settlement of Your Restricted Stock Units. If you become vested in your Restricted Stock Units on the Restricted Stock Unit Vesting Date, the Company will deliver to you the number of Common Shares then underlying your vested Restricted Stock Units, or cash, as determined by the Committee, within 90 days following the Restricted Stock Units Vesting Date. Section 3.5. Adjustment Due to Change in Capitalization. If any Adjustment Event occurs while any Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, the number of Common Shares underlying each outstanding Performance Share Unit or Restricted Stock Unit, as applicable, shall be appropriately and equitably adjusted as provided in the Plan. Section 3.6 Clawback. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary the Awards are expressly subject to the provisions in this Section. You agree that the Company may enforce the provisions in this Section by all legal means available, including, without limitation, by withholding the value of the amount required to be returned to the Company and forfeited hereunder from other sums owed to you by the Company. (a) In the event and to the extent the Committee determines within three years following the later of the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Date or the date on which the Committee confirms or otherwise finally determines satisfaction of the applicable Performance Goals that the performance certified by the Committee, on the basis of which Performance Share Units or Restricted Stock Units were converted to Common Shares or Performance Share Units were converted to Restricted Stock Units, was based on materially inaccurate financial statements or other performance measure information, then following the Committee s review of the facts and circumstances underlying such event, you agree to return to the Company and forfeit, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that portion (which may be all) of your Awards (including any Dividend Equivalents thereon) or Common Shares distributed in respect of your vested or earned Awards, or the value thereof (regardless of whether vesting or satisfaction of other conditions to the Awards has occurred and Restricted Stock Units or Common Shares distributed) that the Committee, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate. (b) If, following the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, due to death, Disability, Early Retirement or Retirement, the Company becomes aware that (i) during your employment with the Company you engaged in any activity that would have been grounds to terminate your employment or service with the Company for Cause (as defined in the Plan), as reasonably determined by the Committee, or (ii) following your employment with the Company, you have breached any written covenant or agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as reasonably determined by the Committee, not to disclose or misuse any information pertaining to, or misuse any property of, the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or not to compete or interfere with the Company, or not to solicit employees, agents, customers or clients of the Company, then upon written demand by the Company, you agree to return to the Company and forfeit, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that portion (which may be all) of your Awards (including any Dividend Equivalents thereon) or Common Shares distributed in respect of your vested or earned Awards, or the value thereof (regardless of whether vesting or satisfaction of other conditions to the Awards has occurred and Restricted Stock Units or Common Shares distributed) that the Committee, in its discretion, determines to be appropriate. (c) The Awards (including Dividend Equivalents thereon), Common Shares distributed in respect of your vested Awards, or the value thereof (regardless of whether vesting or satisfaction of other conditions to the Awards has occurred and Restricted Stock Units or Common Shares distributed) shall also be subject to forfeiture to the extent required by applicable law. Further, if the Company is required by applicable law, rule or regulation to include or adopt any additional clawback or forfeiture provision relating to outstanding and/or vested or earned awards, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise, then you hereby agree that such clawback or forfeiture provision shall also apply to the Awards under this Agreement as if it had been included on the Performance Share Unit Award Date and the Company shall notify the you of such additional provision. ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION Section 4.1. Administration. The Committee is authorized to interpret your Awards and this Agreement and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration and interpretation of your Awards to carry out its provisions and purposes. Determinations, interpretations or other actions made or taken by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons. The Committee may consult with legal counsel, who may be counsel to the Committee or the Company, 

and shall not incur any liability for any action taken in good faith in reliance upon the advice of counsel. ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS Section 5.1. Tax Withholding. The Company will have the power to withhold, or require you to remit to the Company promptly upon notification of the amount due, an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state and local withholding tax requirements with respect to your Award (or settlement thereof), and delivery of Common Shares or cash shall not occur until such requirements are satisfied. You shall have the right to elect (a) to have Common Shares deliverable in respect of your Award withheld by the Company or (b) to deliver to the Company previously acquired Common Shares, in each case, having a Fair Market Value equal to and sufficient to satisfy your statutory minimum Federal, state and local tax obligation associated with the transaction. Section 5.2 Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, it is the intention of the parties that this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code, and all regulations or other guidance issued thereunder, and this Agreement and the payments of any benefits hereunder will be operated and administered accordingly. However, neither the Company nor the Committee shall have any liability to any person in the event Section 409A of the Code applies to the Awards or any payments hereunder in a transaction that results in adverse tax consequences to the award holder or any beneficiaries or transferees. If you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, distributions under Sections 1.4 and 2.4 above may be delayed until six months and one day following the date of such termination of employment to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Section 5.3. Unsecured Creditor Status and Assignment Prohibition. These Awards are provided under an entirely unfunded arrangement and no provision shall at any time be made with respect to segregating any assets of the Company or any affiliate for payment of the Awards hereunder. No employee, beneficiary, surviving spouse or any other person shall have any interest in any particular assets of the Company or any affiliate by reason of the right to receive the Awards and any such employee, beneficiary, surviving spouse or other person shall have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor with respect to the Awards. Prior to an actual payment and distribution with respect to the Awards, no interest of any person or entity in, or right to receive, an Award shall be subject in any manner to sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, attachment, garnishment or other alienation or encumbrance of any kind; nor shall any such interest or right to receive a benefit be taken, either voluntarily or involuntarily, for the satisfaction of the debts of, or other obligations or claims against, such person or entity, including claims for alimony, support, separate maintenance and claims in bankruptcy proceedings. Section 5.4. Requirements of Law. The granting of your Awards and the issuance of Common Shares will be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. Section 5.5. No Impact on Benefits. Your Awards will not be compensation for purposes of calculating your rights under any employee benefit plan, unless otherwise specifically provided in such other plans. Section 5.6. Employment. Nothing in this Agreement shall limit the right of the Company or any of its affiliates to terminate your service or otherwise impose upon the Company or any of its affiliates any obligation to continue to employ you. The Company may terminate you at any time, with or without cause. Section 5.7. Securities Law Compliance. The Company shall have the authority to determine the instruments by which your Awards shall be evidenced. Instruments evidencing your Awards may contain such other provisions as the Company deems advisable. The undersigned understands that the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Form S- 8 registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to the Plan and the shares covered by this Agreement. The Company will endeavor to keep such registration statement effective, but in the event the Company notifies you that such registration statement is not then effective, you agree to refrain from sales of Common Shares until such time as the Company advises you that such registration statement has become effective. Section 5.8. Governing Law. This Agreement and your Awards shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut (other than its conflict of law principles). Section 5.9 Trading Black Out Periods. By entering into this Agreement you expressly agree that: (i) during all periods of your employment with the Company or its affiliates, or while you are otherwise maintained on the payroll of the Company or its affiliates, you agree to abide by all trading black out periods with respect to purchases or sales of Company stock or exercises of stock options for the Company s stock established from time to time by the Company Trading Black Out Periods ), and (ii) upon any cessation or termination of your employment with the Company and its affiliates for any reason, you agree that for a period of three (3) months following the effective date of any such termination or cessation of your employment or, if later, for a period of three (3) months following the date as of which you are no longer on the payroll of the Company and its affiliates, you agree to continue to abide by all such Trading Black Out Periods established from time to time by the Company. Section 5.10 Other. This Agreement is binding on you and your executors, administrators, heirs and personal and legal representatives and on the Company and its successors or assigns. This Agreement, including the Cover Page and the Plan, contains the entire Agreement and all terms between you and the Company with respect to the Awards, and there are no other understandings, warranties or representations with respect to the Awards. Any determination or interpretation by the Committee or Company, as applicable, under or pursuant to this Agreement shall be final, binding and conclusive for all purposes and upon all persons affected hereby. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 4
 indemnificationagreement.htm
 EX-10.9 FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

indemnificationagreement 

Indemnity Agreement THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made as of this __ day of _____, ___ by and between you and Virtus Investment Partners, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, it is important to the Corporation to attract and retain as directors and officers the most capable persons reasonably available; WHEREAS, you are a director of the Corporation; WHEREAS, both the Corporation and you recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of U.S. public companies; WHEREAS, the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Corporation, as amended, require the Corporation to indemnify its directors and officers of the Corporation in the manner set forth therein and expressly provide that the indemnification and advancement provisions set forth therein are not exclusive; WHEREAS, you are willing, subject to the Corporation s execution and performance of this Agreement, to continue in your capacity as a director of the Corporation; and WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors has determined that the contractual indemnification included in this Agreement is reasonable, prudent and promotes the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders; NOW, THEREFORE, to provide you with express contractual indemnification (regardless of, among other things, any amendment to or revocation of the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Corporation as in effect as of the date hereof or any change in the composition of the Board of Directors or any acquisition, disposition or other business combination transaction involving the Corporation), in consideration of your service or continued service in any of the following capacities: as a director of the Corporation; or as an officer of the Corporation; or to the extent that you are serving in such capacity at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, manager, partner or trustee of, or in a similar capacity for, another corporation or any limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including any employee benefit plan of the Corporation or of any of its affiliates and any charitable or not-for-profit enterprise, such capacities referred to herein as the Indemnified Capacities , the Corporation with full power and authority to grant an indemnity valid and binding upon and enforceable against it in the terms hereinafter contained, hereby agrees to indemnify you to the full extent contemplated by this Agreement. 1. Scope of Indemnity To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended: (a) Subject to the limitations contained in this Section 1, the Corporation shall indemnify you for the full amount of any Cost (as hereinafter defined) reasonably incurred by you in connection with any Proceeding (as hereinafter defined) that may be made or asserted against or directly affect you or in which you are required by law to participate or in which you participate at the request of the Corporation if it relates to, arises from or is based on your service in an Indemnified Capacity, whether the alleged act or omission occurred before or after the date of this Agreement, in any case whether or not you have been named therein (an Indemnified Claim ). The Corporation shall also indemnify you for the full amount of any other Cost reasonably incurred by you or to which you are subject (including, where you are made a witness or participant in respect in any action, proceeding or investigation) if it relates to your service in an Indemnified Capacity or any other matters claimed against you solely by reason of you having acted in an Indemnified Capacity (an Other Indemnified Matter ). Any amount which the Corporation is obliged to pay pursuant hereto is referred to as an Indemnified Amount . (b) The indemnification provided by this Section 1 shall only be provided if you acted in good faith and in a manner you reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation (or the best interests of the other entity, as the case may be), and, with respect to any criminal action, suit or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that your conduct was unlawful. The knowledge and/or actions or failure to act of any other director, officer, agent or employee of the Corporation or any other entity shall not be imputed to you for the purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1, in the case of any Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact you served in any Indemnified Capacity, no indemnification shall be made in respect of any Proceeding as to which you have been adjudged liable to the Corporation unless, and only to the extent that, the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, you are fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify you, or pay any Expense Advance to you pursuant to Section 2 hereof, in connection with any Cost, Indemnified Claim or Other Indemnified Matter that has been or may be incurred, suffered or required to be paid with respect to any actual or contemplated Proceeding(s) (or part thereof) initiated or instituted by you, unless and to the extent such Proceeding (or part thereof) has been expressly authorized by the Board of Directors or only as otherwise expressly provided in Section 3(d) hereof. (e) For the purposes of this Agreement: (i) Cost means all liability, loss, damage, charge, cost, expense, excise tax, fine or settlement amount whatsoever which you may reasonably incur, suffer or be required to pay (including, without limitation, all legal and other professional fees as well as all out-of-pocket expenses for attending depositions, trials and hearings). (ii) Proceeding means any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or other claim, action, suit, application, litigation, charge, complaint, prosecution, assessment, reassessment, investigation, hearing, proceeding or governmental or regulatory inquiry of any nature or kind whatsoever, and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include any and every claim for any liability and/or any legal, regulatory or investigative action or proceeding by any governmental or regulatory authority, whether such action, proceeding or investigation be pending or threatened and including without limitation any and every claim by or on behalf of the Corporation, or by or on behalf of the United States or any other country, or any political subdivision thereof. For purposes of this definition, the term threatened will be deemed to include your reasonable good faith belief that a claim or other assertion may lead to institution of a Proceeding. 2. Advances (a) The Corporation shall periodically reimburse or advance the funds necessary for the payment of Costs reasonably incurred in connection with the investigation, defense and appeal of any Proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding (an Expense Advance ), provided, however, that, if required under applicable law, an Expense Advance incurred by you in your capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other Indemnified Capacity, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (an Undertaking ), by or on behalf of you, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that you are not entitled to be indemnified for such Costs under this Agreement, the Corporation s by-laws or certificate of incorporation, the Delaware General Corporation Law, or otherwise. Each Expense Advance will be unsecured and interest free and will be made by the Corporation without regard to your ability to repay the Expense Advance. You shall be obligated to return any Expense Advance which remains unspent at the final conclusion of the Proceeding to which the Expense Advance related. 3. Procedure for Making a Claim or Request for Advancement of Expenses (a) If you become aware of any Indemnified Claim or Other Indemnified Matter or reasonably expect that an Indemnified Claim will be made or an Other Indemnified Matter will arise, you shall give notice in writing as soon as reasonably practicable to the Corporation of such Indemnified Claim or Other Indemnified Matter or potential Indemnified Claim or Other Indemnified Matter, including copies of any documents served on you in connection with a Proceeding or any other relevant documents in your possession, provided, however, that failure to give notice in a timely fashion shall not disentitle you to the right to indemnity under this Agreement except to the extent the Corporation suffers prejudice by reason of a delay. (b) If you wish to make any claim for payment of an Indemnified Amount to you by the Corporation hereunder, you shall give written notice of such claim to the Corporation (such written notice referred to herein as an Indemnification Notice ). Such Indemnification Notice shall contain reasonable details and supporting documentation with respect to the claim referred to therein. Subject to the provisions of Section 1 hereof, the Corporation shall pay all Indemnified Amounts arising in connection with the matters described in the Indemnification Notice to you (or as you may direct) no later than sixty (60) days after the date on which you deliver any invoice or account in respect of any such Indemnified Amount to the Corporation. If you wish to make any claim for an Expense Advance you shall give written notice of such claim to the Corporation (such written notice referred to herein as an Expense Advance Notice ). Subject to the provisions of Section 1 hereof, the Corporation shall pay such Expense Advance arising in connection with the matters described in the Expense Advance Notice to you (or as you may direct) no later than twenty (20) days after the date on which you deliver such Expense Advance Notice to the Corporation. You will at all times promptly provide to the Corporation all supporting documentation related to your claim for an Expense Advance as the Corporation may request from time to time. (c) If a claim is not paid in full by the Corporation within the periods set forth under, Sections 3(b) or (c) hereof, you shall have the right at any time thereafter to bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If and to the extent successful in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an Expense Advance pursuant to the terms of an Undertaking, you shall be entitled to be paid also the Costs of prosecuting or defending such suit, all as and to the extent provided and on the terms set forth in Section 7 hereof. (d) In (i) any suit brought by you to enforce a right to an Indemnified Amount (but not in a suit brought by you to enforce a right to an Expense Advance) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an Expense Advance pursuant to the terms of an Undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, you have not met the applicable standard for indemnification set forth in Section 1 hereof and under the Delaware General Corporation Law. Neither the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of you is proper in the circumstances because you have met the applicable standard for indemnification set forth in Section 1 hereof, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (or any other person or body appointed by the Board of Directors) that you have not met such applicable standard for indemnification, shall create a presumption that you have not met the applicable standard for indemnification or, in the case of such a suit brought by you, be a defense to such suit. (e) For the purpose of any determination regarding your right to indemnification or the advancement of expenses hereunder, including in any suit brought by you to enforce a right to an Indemnified Amount or Expense Advance pursuant to Section 3(e) hereof, or brought by the Corporation to recover an Expense Advance pursuant to the terms of an Undertaking, the burden of proving that you are not entitled to such Indemnified Amount or Expense Advance hereunder or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

4. Defense of Action (a) By Corporation The Corporation (or its insurer(s)) shall at its expense and in a timely manner contest and defend you against any Indemnified Claim, including the taking of such appeals as legal counsel to the Corporation (or its insurer(s)) may deem advisable in the circumstances. In this regard, the Corporation will endeavor to keep you informed on a timely basis of all significant developments relating to the foregoing. The Corporation shall not agree to any settlement on your behalf without your written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless the terms of such settlement require only the payment of money (by persons or entities other than you) and do not require you to admit any wrongdoing or take or refrain from taking any action. (b) By Director or Officer Notwithstanding Section 4(a) hereof, you will be entitled to assume carriage of your own defense relating to any Indemnified Claim (and for greater certainty, the full amount of any reasonable expense you incur in connection with such defense shall be an Indemnified Amount subject to the provisions of Section 1 hereof) if, and to the extent: (i) the Corporation (or its insurer(s)) does not in a timely manner undertake appropriate action in respect to an Indemnification Notice delivered pursuant to Section 3 or at any time ceases to actively pursue the defense of any such Indemnified Claim; or (ii) in the reasonable opinion of your legal counsel (which opinion shall be in writing and a copy thereof provided to the Corporation), your interests in respect of the relevant matter conflict with the interests of the Corporation in respect of such matter or with the interests of any other director or officer of the Corporation in respect of whose defense the Corporation has assumed in such Proceeding; or (iii) the Proceeding against you is initiated by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries. 5. Presumptions and Settlement For the purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction shall not, of itself, create a presumption that you did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. No settlement shall be undertaken by you in respect of any Proceeding without the consent of the Corporation unless the Corporation and its insurer(s) have indicated that they would not indemnify you according to this Agreement or any applicable directors' and officers' liability insurance policy D O Policy ). 6. Former Directors and Officers and Access to Information (a) You shall continue to be entitled to indemnification hereunder, even though you may no longer be acting in an Indemnified Capacity. (b) You and your legal advisors shall at all times be entitled to review during regular business hours all documents, records and other information with respect to the Corporation or any entity in which you acted in an Indemnified Capacity which are under the Corporation's control and which may be, and to the extent, reasonably necessary in order to defend yourself against any Proceeding that relates to, arises from or is based on your discharge of your duties in an Indemnified Capacity, provided that you shall maintain all such information in strictest confidence (except only to the extent necessary for your defense and, in such case, pursuant to a protective order reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation). This Section 6(b) shall not apply (i) where the Proceeding is initiated by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; (ii) where the review by you and/or your legal advisors of any such documents, records or other information would, in the opinion of legal counsel to the Corporation, cause the Corporation (or any entity in which you acted in an Indemnified Capacity) to lose its entitlement to claim privilege with respect to the disclosure of same in any proceeding in any jurisdiction; or (iii) in any actual or contemplated Proceeding(s) (or part thereof) initiated or instituted in whole or in part by you, unless such Proceeding has been authorized by the Board of Directors. 7. Indemnification for Expenses Incurred in Enforcing Rights The Corporation shall indemnify you against all Costs that are reasonably incurred by you in connection with any action brought by you, the Corporation or a third party to determine whether you are entitled to: (a) be indemnified by the Corporation under this Agreement, under any other agreement or under applicable law now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification of directors and officers; and/or (b) an Expense Advance, but only in the event that you are ultimately determined to be entitled to such indemnification or Expense Advance, as the case may be. Furthermore, if so requested by you, the Corporation shall periodically reimburse or advance the funds necessary for the payment of Costs that are reasonably incurred by you in connection with the foregoing action in advance of the final disposition, within thirty (30) days of any such request in writing by you. 8. Partial Indemnification If you are entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation for some or a portion of the Costs in respect of a Proceeding, but not for the total amount of such Costs, the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify you for the portion of such Costs to which you are entitled. 9. Further Assurances Each of you and the Corporation shall diligently attend to, and assist in the conduct of, the defense of any Proceeding, shall assist in enforcing any right of contribution or indemnity against any person or organization and shall (or in the case of the Corporation, shall cause its appropriate officers, directors, advisors or personnel to) attend hearings and trials and assist in securing and giving evidence and obtaining the attendance of witnesses, as appropriate. 10. Non-Exclusivity Your rights under this Agreement shall be in addition to any other rights that you may have under the Corporation's by-laws or certificate of incorporation, applicable law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. To the extent that a change in applicable law (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits greater indemnification by agreement than would be afforded currently under this Agreement or under the Corporation's by- laws or certificate of incorporation, it is the intent of the parties hereto that you may enjoy by this Agreement the greater benefits so afforded by that change. Your rights under this Agreement shall not be diminished by any present or future provision of the Corporation's by-laws or certificate of incorporation and shall not diminish any other rights that you now or in the future have against the Corporation. 11. Severability If any part of this Agreement or the application of such part to any circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, such part or the application of such part shall be interpreted and applied to such extent so as to be valid and enforceable in the circumstances, and the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such part to any other circumstance, shall not be affected thereby and each provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 12. Insurance To the extent the Corporation maintains a D O Policy for the directors and officers of the Corporation (but not for any of the Corporation s subsidiaries or affiliates), you shall be covered by such policy in accordance with its terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the lapse of insurance coverage will not affect any of your rights to indemnification. 13. Enurement This Agreement and the benefit of the obligations of the undersigned hereunder shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon you, your heirs, estate, executors and administrators and shall be binding upon the Corporation's successors and assigns. 14. Previous Indemnities and Retroactivity; No Duplication of Payments This Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior indemnities entered into between the Corporation and you with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, provided however, that nothing in this provision shall operate to restrict in any way any indemnity to which you are entitled under the Corporation's by-laws, certificate of incorporation, or otherwise at law. The Corporation shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that you have otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, by-law, certificate of incorporation, or otherwise (each, an Other Payment and, to the extent that you so receive any such Other Payment after you have received a payment or advance by the Corporation for the same Cost, such amount shall be repaid by you to the Corporation within thirty (30) days of your receipt of such duplicative payment. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been in effect during all periods that you were acting in an Indemnified Capacity, regardless of the date of this Agreement. 15. Subrogation In the event of payment or advance under this Agreement, the Corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment or advance to all of your rights of recovery. You shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Corporation to bring suit to enforce such rights. All of your actions to assist the Corporation in securing and enforcing its subrogation rights shall themselves be subject to the terms of this Agreement. 16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Corporation and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware (each, a Delaware Court ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in such Delaware Court, and (iv) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in such Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. The Corporation and you agree that service of process may be effected in any such action in accordance with Section 17 hereof. 17. Notices All notices and other communications given or made pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not so confirmed, then on the next business day, (iii) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent: (a) To you at the address set forth below your signature to this Agreement. (b) To the Corporation at: 

Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. One Financial Plaza Hartford, CT 06103 Attention: General Counsel or to such other address as may have been furnished by notice hereunder to you by the Corporation or to the Corporation by you, as the case may be. 18. Counterpart Execution This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank] VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS, INC. By: George R. Aylward President and Chief Executive Officer The undersigned accepts the foregoing indemnity and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions set out above. By: ________________________________ Address: ____________________________________ ____________________________________ ____________________________________ ____________________________________ 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 virtus12312022ex-211.htm
 EX-21.1 VIRTUS SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. Subsidiary List 
 Name Jurisdiction Ceredex Value Advisors LLC Delaware Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. Illinois ETFis Holdings LLC Delaware Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, LLC California NFJ Investment Group, LLC Delaware Seix CLO Management GP LLC Delaware SGIA, LLC Delaware Silvant Capital Management LLC Delaware Stone Harbor Asia Holdings LLC 
 Delaware Stone Harbor Investment Partners Limited 
 Ireland Stone Harbor Investment Partners (UK), LLP 
 United Kingdom Stone Harbor Services (UK) Limited 
 United Kingdom Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP Delaware Virtus Alternative Investment Advisers, Inc. Connecticut Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Delaware Virtus ETF Solutions LLC Delaware Virtus Fixed Income Advisers, LLC Delaware Virtus Fund Advisers, LLC Delaware Virtus Fund Services, LLC Delaware Virtus Global Partners PTE. LTD. Singapore Virtus Intermediate Holdings LLC Delaware Virtus Investment Advisers, Inc. Massachusetts Virtus Investment Partners International Ltd. United Kingdom Virtus Partners, Inc. Delaware Virtus Shared Services, LLC Delaware VP Distributors, LLC Delaware Westchester Capital Management, LLC Delaware Westchester Capital Partners, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 virtus12312022ex-231.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-236738 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-258973 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 27, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. and the effectiveness of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 vrts12312022ex-311.htm
 EX-31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 
 I, George R. Aylward, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 S G EORGE R. A YLWARD 
 George R. Aylward President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 vrts12312022ex-312.htm
 EX-31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 
 I, Michael A. Angerthal, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 S M ICHAEL A. A NGERTHAL 
 Michael A. Angerthal Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 vrts12312022ex-321.htm
 EX-32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 
 
 S G EORGE R. A YLWARD 
 George R. Aylward President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 S M ICHAEL A. A NGERTHAL 
 Michael A. Angerthal Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vrts-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 vrts-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vrts-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vrts-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vrts-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

