<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_99250_0000099250-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6452540</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>160593</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1111058</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1916986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1702957</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1462130</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000099250-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227082806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000099250-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000099250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				741079400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07584
		FILM NUMBER:		23670157

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 POST OAK BLVD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1396
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7132152000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2800 POST OAK BLVD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1396
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77251

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000099250-23-000004.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 tgpl-20221231.htm
 10-K

tgpl-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 
 THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS (I)(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM 10-K WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

Table of Contents 

TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 General 
 3 
 Markets and Transportation 
 3 
 Pipeline Projects 
 3 
 Rate Matters 
 4 
 Regulation 
 5 
 Employees 
 7 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 7 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure s About Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 56 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 57 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance (Omitted) 
 57 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation (Omitted) 
 57 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (Omitted) 
 57 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence (Omitted) 
 57 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

1 

Table of Contents 

DEFINITIONS 
 The following is a listing of certain abbreviations, acronyms, and other industry terminology that may be used throughout this Annual Report. 
 Measurements : 
 Bcf: One billion cubic feet of natural gas 
 Dekatherms (Dth): A unit of energy equal to one million British thermal units 
 Mdth/d: One thousand dekatherms per day 
 MMdth/d: One million dekatherms per day 
 Government and Regulatory : 
 EPA: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
 Exchange Act: Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FERC: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 SEC: Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Securities Act: Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
 Other : 
 LNG: Liquefied natural gas; natural gas which has been liquefied at cryogenic temperatures 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 In this report, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (Transco) is at times referred to in the first person as we , us or our . 
 
 Transco is indirectly owned by The Williams Companies, Inc. (Williams), a publicly traded Delaware corporation. 
 
 GENERAL 
 We are an interstate natural gas transmission company that owns and operates a natural gas pipeline system extending from Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi and the Gulf of Mexico through Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New Jersey to the New York City metropolitan area. Our principal business is the interstate transportation of natural gas which is regulated by the FERC. 
 At December 31, 2022, our natural gas pipeline had a design capacity of approximately 18.6 MMdth/d. The system is comprised of approximately 9,700 miles of mainline and branch transmission pipelines, 59 compressor stations, four underground storage fields and one LNG storage facility. Compression facilities at sea level rated capacity total approximately 2.4 million horsepower. 
 We have natural gas storage capacity in four underground storage fields located on or near our pipeline system or market areas and we operate two of these storage fields. We also have storage capacity in an LNG storage facility that we own and operate. The total usable gas storage capacity available to us and our customers in such underground storage fields and LNG storage facility and through storage service contracts is approximately 188 Bcf of natural gas. At December 31, 2022, our customers had stored in our facilities approximately 127 Bcf of natural gas. Storage capacity permits our customers to inject gas into storage during the summer and off-peak periods for delivery during peak winter demand periods. 
 
 MARKETS AND TRANSPORTATION 
 Our natural gas pipeline system serves customers in Texas and 12 southeast and Atlantic seaboard states including major metropolitan areas in Georgia, North Carolina, Washington, D.C., Maryland, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. 
 Our major customers are public utilities and municipalities that provide service to residential, commercial, industrial and electric generation end users. Shippers on our pipeline system include public utilities, municipalities, intrastate pipelines, direct industrial users, electrical generators, gas marketers and producers. Our largest customer in 2022 was Dominion Energy, Inc., which accounted for approximately 10 percent of our total operating revenues. Our firm transportation agreements are generally long-term agreements with various expiration dates and account for the major portion of our business. Additionally, we offer interruptible transportation services under shorter-term agreements. 
 Our facilities are divided into eight rate zones. Five are located in the production area and three are located in the market area. Long-haul transportation is gas that is received in one of the production-area zones and delivered in a market-area zone. Market-area transportation is gas that is both received and delivered within market-area zones. Production area transportation is gas that is both received and delivered within production area zones. 
 
 PIPELINE PROJECTS 
 The pipeline projects listed below are significant future pipeline projects for which we have customer commitments. In 2023, we expect to invest capital of approximately 245 million in pipeline projects. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Regional Energy Access 
 The Regional Energy Access Expansion involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in northeastern Pennsylvania to multiple delivery points in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Maryland. In January 2023, we received approval from the FERC for the project. We plan to place the full project into service as early as the fourth quarter of 2024, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 829 Mdth/d. 
 
 Southside Reliability Enhancement 
 
 The Southside Reliability Enhancement Project is an incremental expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide firm transportation capacity from receipt points in Virginia and North Carolina to delivery points in North Carolina. We filed our certificate application for the project with the FERC on May 23, 2022. We plan to place the project into service as early as the 2024/2025 winter heating season assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 423.4 Mdth/d. 
 
 Texas to Louisiana Energy Pathway 
 
 The Texas to Louisiana Energy Pathway Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide firm transportation capacity from receipt points in south Texas to delivery points in Texas and Louisiana. We filed our certificate application for the project with the FERC on August 9, 2022. We plan to place the project into service as early as the first quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to provide 364.4 Mdth/d of new firm transportation service through a combination of increasing capacity, converting interruptible capacity to firm, and utilizing existing capacity. 
 
 Southeast Energy Connector 
 
 The Southeast Energy Connector Project is an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in Mississippi and Alabama to a delivery point in Alabama. We filed our certificate application for the project with the FERC on August 22, 2022. We plan to place the project into service in the first quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 150 Mdth/d. 
 
 Commonwealth Energy Connector 
 
 The Commonwealth Energy Connector Project involves an expansion of our existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity in Virginia. We filed our certificate application for the project with the FERC on August 24, 2022. We plan to place the project into service as early as the fourth quarter of 2025, assuming timely receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The project is expected to increase capacity by 105 Mdth/d. 
 
 RATE MATTERS 
 FERC regulation requires all terms and conditions of service, including the rates charged, to be filed with and accepted by the FERC before any changes can go into effect. We establish our rates primarily through the FERC's ratemaking process, but we also may negotiate rates with our customers pursuant to the terms of our tariff and FERC policy. Key determinants in the ratemaking process are (1) costs of providing service, including depreciation expense, (2) allowed rate of return, including the equity component of the capital structure and related income taxes, and (3) contract and volume throughput assumptions. The allowed rate of return is determined in each rate case. Rate design and the allocation of costs between the reservation and commodity rates also impact profitability. As a result of these proceedings, certain revenues may be collected subject to refund. We record estimates of rate refund liabilities considering our and third-party regulatory proceedings, advice of counsel and other risks. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Since September 1, 1992, we have designed our rates using the straight fixed-variable (SFV) method of rate design. Under the SFV method of rate design, substantially all fixed costs, including return on equity and income taxes, are included in a reservation charge to customers and all variable costs are recovered through a commodity charge to customers. While the use of SFV rate design limits our opportunity to earn incremental revenues through increased throughput, it also limits our risk associated with fluctuations in throughput. 
 
 REGULATION 
 FERC Regulation 
 Our interstate transmission and storage activities are subject to regulation by the FERC under the Natural Gas Act of 1938, as amended (NGA), and under the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, as amended, and as such, our rates and charges for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, the extension, enlargement or abandonment of jurisdictional facilities, and accounting, among other things, are subject to regulation. We hold certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the FERC authorizing ownership and operation of pipelines, facilities and properties for which certificates are required under the NGA. FERC Standards of Conduct govern the relationship between natural gas transmission providers and marketing function employees as defined by the rule. The standards of conduct are intended to prevent natural gas transmission providers from preferentially benefiting gas marketing functions by requiring the employees of a transmission provider that perform transmission functions to function independently from gas marketing employees and by restricting the information that transmission providers may provide to gas marketing employees. Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the FERC is authorized to impose civil penalties of up to approximately 1.5 million per day for each violation of its rules. 
 Updated Certificate Policy Statement and Interim Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Policy Statement On February 18, 2022, the FERC issued two policy statements providing guidance for its pending and future consideration of interstate natural gas pipeline projects. The first policy statement is an Updated Certificate Policy Statement, which provides an analytical framework for how the FERC will consider whether a project is in the public convenience and necessity and explains that the FERC will consider all impacts of a proposed project, including economic and environmental impacts, together. The second policy statement is an Interim GHG Policy Statement, which sets forth how the FERC will assess the impacts of natural gas infrastructure projects on climate change in its reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act and the NGA. The FERC sought comment on all aspects of the policy statements, including the approach to assessing the significance of the proposed project s contribution to climate change. On March 24, 2022, the FERC issued an order converting the Updated Certificate Policy Statement and the Interim GHG Policy Statement into draft policy statements and announcing that it will not apply either policy statement to pending applications or applications filed before the FERC issues any final guidance on the policy statements. The FERC has not yet issued final guidance on the policy statements. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our operations are subject to federal environmental laws and regulations as well as the state and local laws and regulations adopted by the jurisdictions in which we operate. We could incur liability to governments or third parties for any unlawful discharge of pollutants into the air, soil, or water, as well as liability for cleanup costs. Materials could be released into the environment in several ways including, but not limited to: 
 Leakage from gathering systems, underground gas storage caverns, pipelines, transportation facilities and storage tanks; 
 Damage to facilities resulting from accidents during normal operations; 
 Damages to onshore and offshore equipment and facilities resulting from storm events or natural disasters; and 
 Blowouts, cratering and explosions. 
 In addition, we may be liable for environmental damage caused by former owners or operators of our properties. 
 We believe compliance with current environmental laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or current competitive position. However, environmental laws and 
 5 

Table of Contents 

regulations could affect our business in various ways from time to time, including incurring capital and maintenance expenditures, fines and penalties, and creating the need to seek relief from the FERC for rate increases to recover the costs of certain capital expenditures and operation and maintenance expenses. 
 For additional information regarding the potential impact of federal, state, or local regulatory measures on our business and specific environmental issues, please refer to Risk Factors Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, which may expose us to significant costs, liabilities, and expenditures that could exceed our expectations, and Environmental Matters in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments of Notes to Financial Statements. 
 Safety and Maintenance 
 Our operations are subject to the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968, as amended, the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Jobs Creation Act of 2011 (Pipeline Safety Act), and the Protecting Our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety (PIPES Act) of 2016 and 2020, which regulate safety requirements in the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of interstate natural gas transmission facilities. The United States Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) administers federal pipeline safety laws. 
 Federal pipeline safety laws authorize PHMSA to establish minimum safety standards for pipeline facilities and persons engaged in the transportation of gas or hazardous liquids by pipeline. These safety standards apply to the design, construction, testing, operation, and maintenance of gas and hazardous liquids pipeline facilities affecting interstate or foreign commerce. PHMSA has also established reporting requirements for operators of gas and hazardous liquid pipeline facilities, as well as provisions for establishing the qualification of pipeline personnel and requirements for managing the integrity of gas transmission and distribution lines and certain hazardous liquid pipelines. To ensure compliance with these provisions, PHMSA performs pipeline safety inspections and has the authority to initiate enforcement actions. 
 In October 2019, PHMSA published the first of three rules that would be a part of the Mega Rule. The Mega Rule was more than 10 years in the making and since October 2019, PHMSA has also published Rules 2 and 3 as a part of the Mega Rule implementation. At the end of 2021, PHMSA published Rule 3 of the Mega Rule with an implementation date in May 2022. Rule 3 was also called The Gas Gathering Rule and expanded Federal Pipeline Safety oversight to more than 400,000 miles of pipeline across all operators. The rule established Federal pipeline safety oversight on previously unregulated gas gathering pipelines. New regulations in Rule 3 include requirements for public awareness, emergency response, damage prevention, incident notification, and annual reporting. As a result we revised numerous procedures and are now reporting based on the expanded scope as required. In August 2022, PHMSA published Rule 2, which is the last in the three part Mega Rule set of regulations. Certain portions of Rule 2 go into effect in May 2023 with the remaining portions taking effect in February 2024. Rule 2 contains new corrosion control requirements, new requirements for repair criteria outside of high consequence areas (HCAs), inspections to be performed after extreme weather events or natural disasters, management of change, and other integrity management related rule changes. We are evaluating procedures that will need to be updated to maintain compliance and are also analyzing anticipated cost impacts. 
 PHMSA s new rule, Requirement of Valve Installation and Minimum Rupture Detection Standards, went into effect in October 2022. The rupture monitoring and emergency response standards are applicable to existing pipelines, but the installation of rupture mitigation valves (RMVs) is not retroactive and only applies to new pipelines and significant pipeline replacements. This new rule establishes criteria for how operators must monitor and respond to potential ruptures on their system. It also outlines requirements for the installation of RMVs or Alternative Equivalent Technology to allow for quicker isolation after an incident has occurred. In response to the new regulation we have updated all applicable procedures and are developing implementation plans as a result of the rulemaking. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Pipeline Integrity Regulations We have an enterprise-wide Gas Integrity Management Plan that meets the PHMSA final rule that was issued pursuant to the requirements of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002. The rules require pipeline operators to develop an integrity management program for pipelines that could affect HCAs in the event of pipeline failure. The integrity management program includes a baseline assessment plan along with periodic reassessments to be completed within required time frames. In meeting the integrity regulations, we have identified HCAs and developed baseline assessment plans. Ongoing periodic reassessments and initial assessments of any new HCAs have been completed. Also, in response to the portion of the Mega Rule implemented in 2021, we have identified Moderate Consequence Areas and Class 3 and 4 pipeline locations required by the rule and integrated those segments into our integrity program, and have begun scheduling required assessments and reassessments as needed to meet the regulatory timelines. We estimate that the cost to be incurred in 2023 associated with this program to be approximately 96 million. Management considers the costs associated with compliance with the rule to be prudent costs incurred in the ordinary course of business and, therefore, recoverable through our rates. 
 Cybersecurity Matters 
 The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) issued Security Directive Pipeline-2021-01B (Security Directive 1B) on May 29, 2022, which requires that owners/operators of critical pipelines (1) report cybersecurity incidents to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Agency (CISA) within 24 hours; (2) appoint a cybersecurity coordinator to coordinate with TSA and CISA; and (3) conduct a self-assessment of cybersecurity practices, identify any gaps, and develop a plan and timeline for remediation. On July 27, 2022, the TSA issued Security Directive Pipeline-2021-02C (Security Directive 2C), which requires owners/operators of critical pipelines to (1) establish and implement a TSA-approved Cybersecurity Implementation Plan that describes the specific cybersecurity measures employed and the schedule for achieving the cybersecurity outcomes described in Security Directive 2C; (2) develop and maintain a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan to reduce the risk of operational disruption or other significant impacts from a cybersecurity incident; and (3) establish a Cybersecurity Assessment Program and submit an annual plan describing how the effectiveness of cybersecurity measures will be assessed. We have established and received TSA approval for our Cybersecurity Implementation Plan and are compliant with the remaining requirements established in Security Directives 1B and 2C. New regulations or security directives issued by TSA may impose additional requirements applicable to our cybersecurity program, which could cause us to incur increased capital and operating costs and operational delays. See Risk Factors A breach of our information technology infrastructure, including a breach caused by a cybersecurity attack on us or third parties with whom we are interconnected, may interfere with the safe operation of our assets, result in the disclosure of personal or proprietary information, and harm our reputation. 
 
 EMPLOYEES 
 Transco has no employees. Operations, management and certain administrative services are provided by Williams and its affiliates. 
 
 TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES 
 We engage in transactions with Williams and other Williams subsidiaries. Please see Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 9 Transactions with Major Customers and Affiliates of Notes to Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Transco, may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management s plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory proceedings, market conditions, and other matters. 
 All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report that address activities, events, or developments that we expect, believe, or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words such as anticipates, believes, seeks, could, may, should, continues, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, might, goals, objectives, targets, planned, potential, projects, scheduled, will, assumes, guidance, outlook, in-service date, or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and include, among others, statements regarding: 
 Our and our affiliates future credit ratings; 
 Amounts and nature of future capital expenditures; 
 Expansion and growth of our business and operations; 
 Expected in-service dates for capital projects; 
 Financial condition and liquidity; 
 Business strategy; 
 Cash flow from operations or results of operations; 
 Rate case filings; 
 Natural gas prices, supply, and demand; and 
 Demand for our services. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions, uncertainties, and risks that could cause future events or results to be materially different from those stated or implied in this report. Many of the factors that will determine these results are beyond our ability to control or predict. Specific factors that could cause actual results to differ from results contemplated by the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 The impact of operational and developmental hazards and unforeseen interruptions; 
 Development and rate of adoption of alternative energy sources; 
 The strength and financial resources of our competitors and the effects of competition; 
 Availability of supplies, including lower than anticipated volumes from third parties, and market demand; 
 Volatility of pricing including the effect of lower than anticipated energy commodity prices; 
 Changes in maintenance and construction costs, as well as our ability to obtain sufficient construction-related inputs, including skilled labor; 
 The impact of existing and future laws and regulations, the regulatory environment, environmental matters, and litigation, as well as our ability to obtain necessary permits and approvals, and achieve favorable rate proceeding outcomes; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social, and governance practices; 
 The physical and financial risks associated with climate change; 
 Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties; 
 Our ability to successfully expand our facilities and operations; 
 Whether we are able to successfully identify, evaluate, and timely execute our capital projects and investment opportunities; 
 Risks related to financing, including restrictions stemming from debt agreements, future changes in credit ratings as determined by nationally recognized credit rating agencies, and the availability and cost of capital; 
 Inflation, interest rates, and general economic conditions (including future disruptions and volatility in the global credit markets and the impact of these events on customers and suppliers); 
 Our costs for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans sponsored by our affiliates; 
 The risks resulting from outbreaks or other public health crises, including COVID-19; 
 Changes in the current geopolitical situation, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine; 
 Changes in U.S. governmental administration and policies; 
 Risks associated with weather and natural phenomena, including climate conditions and physical damage to our facilities; 
 Acts of terrorism, cybersecurity incidents, and related disruptions; and 
 Additional risks described in our filings with the SEC. 
 Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligations to and do not intend to update the above list or announce publicly the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. 
 In addition to causing our actual results to differ, the factors listed above and referred to below may cause our intentions to change from those statements of intention set forth in this report. Such changes in our intentions may also cause our results to differ. We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon changes in such factors, our assumptions, or otherwise. 
 Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, we caution that there are important factors, in addition to those listed above, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These factors are described in the following section. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information in this report. If any of the risks discussed below occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and, in some cases our reputation, could be materially adversely affected. Each of these factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. 
 Risks Inherent to Our Industry and Business 
 Our natural gas transportation and storage activities involve numerous risks and hazards that might result in accidents and unforeseen interruptions. 
 Our operations are subject to all the risks and hazards typically associated with the transportation and storage of natural gas including, but not limited to: 
 Aging infrastructure and mechanical problems; 
 Damages to pipelines and pipeline blockages or other pipeline interruptions; 
 Uncontrolled releases of natural gas; 
 Operator error; 
 Damage caused by third-party activity, such as operation of construction equipment; 
 Pollution and other environmental risks; 
 Fires, blowouts, cratering, and explosions; and 
 Security risks, including cybersecurity. 
 Any of these risks could result in loss of human life, personal injuries, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, loss of services to our customers, reputational damage, and substantial losses to us. The location of certain segments of our pipeline in or near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. An event such as those described above could cause considerable harm and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, particularly if the event is not fully covered by insurance. 
 Certain of our services are subject to long-term, fixed-price contracts that are not subject to adjustment, even if our cost to perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts. 
 We provide some services pursuant to long-term, fixed-price contracts. It is possible that costs to perform services under such contracts will exceed the revenues we collect for our services. Although other services are priced at cost-based rates that are subject to adjustment in rate cases, under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a negotiated rate that may be above or below the FERC regulated cost-based rate for that service. These negotiated rate contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased costs that could be produced by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services. 
 We may not be able to extend or replace expiring natural gas transportation and storage contracts at favorable rates, on a long-term basis, or at all. 
 Our primary exposure to market risk occurs at the time the terms of existing transportation and storage contracts expire or are subject to termination. Upon expiration or termination of our existing contracts, we may not be able to extend such contracts with existing customers or obtain replacement contracts at favorable rates, on a long-term basis or at all. Failure to extend or replace a significant portion of our existing contracts may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our ability to extend or replace existing customer contracts on favorable terms is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The level of existing and new competition to deliver natural gas to our markets and competition from alternative fuel sources such as electricity, renewable resources, coal, fuel oils, or nuclear energy; 
 Pricing, demand, availability, and margins for natural gas in our markets; 
 Whether the market will continue to support long-term firm contracts; 
 The effects of regulation on us, our customers, and our contracting practices; and 
 The ability to understand our customers expectations, efficiently and reliably deliver high quality services, and effectively manage customer relationships. The results of these efforts will impact our reputation and positioning in the market. 
 Competitive pressures could lead to decreases in the volume of natural gas contracted for or transported through our pipeline system. 
 The principal elements of competition among natural gas transportation and storage assets are rates, terms of service, access to natural gas supplies, flexibility, and reliability. Although most of our pipeline system s current capacity is fully contracted, the FERC has taken certain actions to strengthen market forces in the interstate natural gas pipeline industry that have led to increased competition throughout the industry. Similarly, a highly liquid competitive commodity market in natural gas and increasingly competitive markets for natural gas services, including competitive secondary markets in pipeline capacity, have developed. As a result, pipeline capacity is being used more efficiently, and peaking and storage services are increasingly effective substitutes for annual pipeline capacity. As a result, we could experience some turnback of firm capacity as the primary terms of existing agreements expire. If we are unable to remarket this capacity or can remarket it only at substantially discounted rates compared to previous contracts, we or our remaining customers may have to bear the costs associated with the turned back capacity. 
 We compete primarily with other interstate pipelines and storage facilities in the transportation and storage of natural gas. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources and access to greater supplies of natural gas than we do. Some of these competitors may expand or construct transportation and storage systems that would create additional competition for natural gas supplies or the services we provide to our customers. Moreover, Williams and its other affiliates may not be limited in their ability to compete with us. In a number of key markets, interstate pipelines are now facing competitive pressure from other major pipeline systems, enabling local distribution companies and end users to choose a transmission provider based on considerations other than location. Other entities could construct new pipelines or expand existing pipelines that could potentially serve the same markets as our pipeline system. Any such new pipelines could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers because of locations, facilities, or other factors. These new pipelines could charge rates or provide service to locations that would result in greater net profit for shippers and producers and thereby force us to lower the rates charged for service on our pipeline in order to extend our existing transportation service agreements or to attract new customers. We are aware of proposals by competitors to expand pipeline capacity in certain markets we also serve, which, if the proposed projects proceed, could increase the competitive pressure upon us. Further, natural gas also competes with other forms of energy available to our customers, including electricity, coal, fuel oils, and other alternative energy sources. We may not be able to successfully compete against current and future competitors and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Any significant decrease in supplies of natural gas in the supply basins we access or in demand for those supplies in the markets we serve could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our ability to maintain and expand our business depends on the level of drilling and production predominately by third parties in our supply basins. Production from existing wells and natural gas supply basins with access to our pipeline will naturally decline over time. The amount of natural gas reserves underlying these existing wells may also be less than anticipated, and the rate at which production from these reserves declines may be greater than anticipated. We do not obtain independent evaluations of natural gas reserves underlying such wells and supply basins with access to our pipeline. Accordingly, we do not have independent estimates of total reserves dedicated to our pipeline or the anticipated life of such reserves. In addition, low prices for natural gas, regulatory limitations, 
 11 

Table of Contents 

including permitting and environmental regulations, or the lack of available capital for these projects could adversely affect the development and production of additional reserves, as well as gathering, storage, pipeline transportation, and import and export of natural gas supplies. Localized low natural gas prices in one or more of our existing supply basins, whether caused by a lack of infrastructure or otherwise, could also result in depressed natural gas production in such basins and limit the supply of natural gas made available to us. The competition for natural gas supplies to serve other markets could also reduce the amount of natural gas supply for our customers. 
 Demand for our transportation services depends on the ability and willingness of shippers with access to our facilities to satisfy demand in the markets we serve by deliveries through our system. Any decrease in this demand could adversely affect our business. Demand for natural gas is also affected by weather, future industrial and economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation including governmentally imposed constraints such as prohibitions on natural gas hookups in newly constructed buildings, and technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which are matters beyond our control. 
 A failure to obtain sufficient natural gas supplies or a reduction in demand for our services in the markets we serve could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Significant prolonged changes in natural gas prices could affect supply and demand and cause a reduction in or termination of our long-term transportation and storage contracts or throughput on our system. 
 Higher natural gas prices over the long term could result in a decline in the demand for natural gas and, therefore, in our long-term transportation and storage contracts or throughput on our system. Also, lower natural gas prices over the long term could result in a decline in the production of natural gas, resulting in reduced contracts or throughput on our system. As a result, significant prolonged changes in natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our costs of testing, maintaining, or repairing our facilities may exceed our expectations, and the FERC may not allow, or competition in our markets may prevent, our recovery of such costs in the rates we charge for our services. 
 We have experienced and could experience in the future unexpected leaks or ruptures on our gas pipeline system or storage facilities. Either as a preventative measure or in response to a leak or another issue, we could be required by regulatory authorities to test or undertake modifications to our systems. If the cost of testing, maintaining, or repairing our facilities exceed expectations and the FERC does not allow us to recover, or competition in our markets prevents us from recovering, such costs in the rates that we charge for our services, such costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The operation of our businesses might be adversely affected by regulatory proceedings, changes in government regulations or in their interpretation or implementation, or the introduction of new laws or regulations applicable to our businesses or our customers. 
 Public and regulatory scrutiny of the energy industry has resulted in the proposal and/or implementation of increased regulations. Such scrutiny has also resulted in various inquiries, investigations, and court proceedings, including litigation of energy industry matters. Both the customers on our system and regulators have rights to challenge the rates we charge under certain circumstances. Any successful challenge could materially affect our results of operations. 
 Certain inquiries, investigations, and court proceedings are ongoing. Adverse effects may continue as a result of the uncertainty of these ongoing inquiries, investigations, and court proceedings, or additional inquiries and proceedings by federal or state regulatory agencies or private plaintiffs. In addition, we cannot predict the outcome of any of these inquiries or whether these inquiries will lead to additional legal proceedings against us, civil or criminal fines and/or penalties, or other regulatory action, including legislation, which might be materially adverse to the operation of our business and our revenues and net income or increase our operating costs in other ways. Current legal proceedings or other matters, including environmental matters, suits, regulatory appeals, and similar matters, might result in adverse decisions against us which, among other outcomes, could result in the imposition of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

substantial penalties and fines and could damage our reputation. The result of such adverse decisions, either individually or in the aggregate, could be material and may not be covered fully or at all by insurance. 
 In addition, existing regulations, including those pertaining to financial assurances to be provided by our businesses in respect of potential asset decommissioning and abandonment activities, might be revised, reinterpreted, or otherwise enforced in a manner that differs from prior regulatory action. New laws and regulations might also be adopted or become applicable to us, our customers, or our business activities. The change in the U.S. governmental administration and its policies may increase the likelihood of such legal and regulatory developments. If new laws or regulations are imposed relating to oil and gas extraction, or if additional or revised levels of reporting, regulation, or permitting moratoria are required or imposed, including those related to hydraulic fracturing, the volumes of natural gas that we transport could decline, our compliance costs could increase, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their environmental, social, and governance (ESG) practices. Investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, investment funds, and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. Regardless of the industry, investors increased focus and activism related to ESG (as proponents or opponents) and similar matters may hinder access to capital, as investors may decide to reallocate capital or to not commit capital as a result of their assessment of a company s ESG practices. Companies that do not adapt to or comply with investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or that are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and the business, financial condition, and/or stock price of such a company could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We face pressures from our stakeholders, who are increasingly focused on climate change, to prioritize sustainable energy practices, reduce our carbon footprint and promote sustainability. Our stakeholders may require us to implement ESG procedures or standards in order to continue engaging with us, to remain invested in us, or before they will make further investments in us. Additionally, we may face reputational challenges in the event our ESG procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by certain constituencies. We adopted certain practices as highlighted in Williams 2021 Sustainability Report, including with respect to air emissions, biodiversity and land use, climate change, and environmental stewardship. It is possible, however, that our stakeholders might not be satisfied with our sustainability efforts or the speed of their adoption. If we do not meet our stakeholders expectations, our business and/or our ability to access capital could be harmed. 
 Additionally, adverse effects upon the oil and gas industry related to the worldwide social and political environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from climate change, changes in political leadership and environmental policies, changes in geopolitical-social views toward fossil fuels and renewable energy, concern about the environmental impact of climate change, and investors expectations regarding ESG matters, may also adversely affect demand for our services. Any long-term material adverse effect on the oil and gas industry could have a significant financial and operational adverse impact on our business. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We may be subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change. 
 The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Energy needs vary with weather conditions. To the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. Weather conditions outside of our operating territory could also have an impact on 
 13 

Table of Contents 

our revenues. To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to mitigating these physical risks. 
 Additionally, many climate models indicate that global warming is likely to result in rising sea levels and increased frequency and severity of weather events, which may lead to higher insurance costs, or a decrease in available coverage, for our assets in areas subject to severe weather. These climate-related changes could damage our physical assets, especially operations located in low-lying areas near coasts and river banks, and facilities situated in hurricane-prone and rain-susceptible regions. 
 To the extent financial markets view climate change and GHG emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively impact our cost of and access to capital. Climate change and GHG regulation could also reduce demand for our services. Our business could also be affected by the potential for lawsuits against GHG emitters, based on links drawn between GHG emissions and climate change. 
 Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, which may expose us to significant costs, liabilities, and expenditures that could exceed our expectations. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, endangered and threatened species, the discharge of materials into the environment, and the security of chemical and industrial facilities. Substantial costs, liabilities, delays, and other significant issues related to environmental laws and regulations are inherent in the gathering, transportation, and storage of natural gas as well as waste disposal practices and construction activities. New or amended environmental laws and regulations can also result in significant increases in capital costs we incur to comply with such laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations, and permits may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and/or criminal penalties, the imposition of remedial obligations, the imposition of stricter conditions on or revocation of permits, the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations, and delays or denials in granting permits. 
 Joint and several strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under certain environmental laws and regulations for the remediation of contaminated areas and in connection with spills or releases of materials associated with natural gas, oil, and wastes on, under, or from our properties and facilities. Private parties, including the owners of properties through which our pipeline system passes and facilities where our wastes are taken for reclamation or disposal, may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from our operations. Some sites at which we operate are located near current or former third-party hydrocarbon storage and processing or oil and natural gas operations or facilities, and there is a risk that contamination has migrated from those sites to ours. 
 We are generally responsible for all liabilities associated with the environmental condition of our facilities and assets, whether acquired or developed, regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown. In connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, we could acquire, or be required to provide indemnification against, environmental liabilities that could expose us to material losses, which may not be covered by insurance. In addition, the steps we could be required to take to bring certain facilities into compliance could be prohibitively expensive, and we might be required to shut down, divest, or alter the operation of those facilities, which might cause us to incur losses. 
 In addition, climate change regulations and the costs that may be associated with such regulations and with the regulation of emissions of GHGs have the potential to affect our business. Regulatory actions by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency or the passage of new climate change laws or regulations could result in increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, install new emissions controls on our facilities, or administer and manage any GHG emissions program. We believe it is possible that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require us either to limit GHG emissions associated with our operations or to purchase allowances for such emissions. However, we cannot predict precisely what form these future regulations might take, the 
 14 

Table of Contents 

stringency of any such regulations or when they might become effective. Several legislative bills have been introduced in the United States Congress that would require carbon dioxide emission reductions. Previously considered proposals have included, among other things, limitations on the amount of GHGs that can be emitted (so called caps together with systems of permitted emissions allowances. These proposals could require us to reduce emissions or to purchase allowances for such emissions. 
 In addition to activities on the federal level, state and regional initiatives could also lead to the regulation of GHG emissions sooner than and/or independent of federal regulation. These regulations could be more stringent than any federal legislation that may be adopted. Future legislation and/or regulation designed to reduce GHG emissions could make some of our activities uneconomic to maintain or operate. We continue to monitor legislative and regulatory developments in this area and otherwise take efforts to limit and reduce GHG emissions from our facilities. Although the regulation of GHG emissions may have a material impact on our operations and rates, we believe it is premature to attempt to quantify the potential costs of the impacts. 
 If we are unable to recover or pass through a significant level of our costs related to complying with climate change regulatory requirements imposed on us, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We depend on certain key customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The loss of any of these key customers or the loss of any contracted volumes could result in a decline in our business. 
 We rely on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. Although some of these customers are subject to long-term contracts, we may be unable to negotiate extensions or replacements of these contracts on favorable terms, or at all. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our largest customer was Dominion Energy, Inc., which accounted for approximately 10 percent of our operating revenues. The loss of all, or even a portion of, the revenues from contracted volumes supplied by our key customers, as a result of competition, creditworthiness, inability to negotiate extensions or replacements of contracts, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties and our credit risk management will not be able to completely eliminate such risk. 
 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our customers and counterparties in the ordinary course of our business. Generally, our customers are rated investment grade, are otherwise considered creditworthy, are required to make pre-payments or provide security to satisfy credit concerns, or are dependent upon us, in some cases without a readily available alternative, to provide necessary services. However, our credit procedures and policies cannot completely eliminate customer credit risk. Our customers and counterparties include industrial customers, local distribution companies, natural gas producers, and marketers whose creditworthiness may be suddenly and disparately impacted by, among other factors, commodity price volatility, deteriorating energy market conditions, and public and regulatory opposition to energy producing activities. In a low commodity price environment certain of our customers have been or could be negatively impacted, causing them significant economic stress resulting, in some cases, in a customer bankruptcy filing or an effort to renegotiate our contracts. To the extent one or more of our key customers commences bankruptcy proceedings, our contracts with such customers may be subject to rejection under applicable provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, or, if we so agree, may be renegotiated. Further, during any such bankruptcy proceeding, prior to assumption, rejection, or renegotiation of such contracts, the bankruptcy court may temporarily authorize the payment of value for our services less than contractually required, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. If we fail to adequately assess the creditworthiness of existing or future customers and counterparties, or otherwise do not take sufficient mitigating actions, including obtaining sufficient collateral, deterioration in their creditworthiness, and any resulting increase in nonpayment and/or nonperformance by them could cause us to write down or write off accounts receivable. Such write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our operating results for the period in which they occur, and, if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

If third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to our pipeline and facilities become unavailable to transport natural gas, our revenues could be adversely affected. 
 We depend upon third-party pipelines and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from our pipeline and storage facilities for the benefit of our customers. Because we do not own these third-party pipelines or facilities, their continuing operation is not within our control. If these pipelines or other facilities were to become temporarily or permanently unavailable for any reason, or if throughput were reduced because of testing, line repair, damage to pipelines or facilities, reduced operating pressures, lack of capacity, increased credit requirements or rates charged by such pipelines or facilities, or other causes, we and our customers would have reduced capacity to transport, store or deliver natural gas to end use markets, thereby reducing our revenues. Any temporary or permanent interruption at any key pipeline interconnection causing a material reduction in volumes transported on our pipeline or stored at our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We do not own all of the land on which our pipeline and facilities are located, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We do not own all of the land on which our pipeline and facilities have been constructed. As such, we are subject to the possibility of increased costs to retain necessary land use. In those instances in which we do not own the land on which our facilities are located, we obtain the rights to construct and operate our facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. Our loss of any of these rights, through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We face opposition to operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from various individuals and groups. 
 We have experienced, and we anticipate that we will continue to face, opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from governmental officials, environmental groups, landowners, tribal groups, local groups, and other advocates. In some instances, we encounter opposition that disfavors hydrocarbon-based energy supplies regardless of practical implementation or financial considerations. Opposition to our operation and expansion can take many forms, including the delay or denial of required governmental permits, organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt, or delay the operation or expansion of our assets and business. In addition, acts of sabotage or eco-terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property, or the environment or lead to extended interruptions of our operations. Any such event that delays or prevents the expansion of our business, that interrupts the revenues generated by our operations, or which causes us to make significant expenditures not covered by insurance, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we engage in significant capital projects. We have a project lifecycle process and an investment evaluation process. These are processes we use to identify, evaluate, and execute on acquisition opportunities and capital projects. We may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks or our investment evaluation process may be incomplete or flawed. Our growth may also be dependent upon the construction of new natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, processing, or treating pipelines and facilities, as well as the expansion of existing facilities. Additional risks associated with construction may include the inability to obtain rights-of-way, skilled labor, equipment, materials, permits, and other required inputs in a timely manner such that projects are completed on time and the risk that construction cost overruns, including due to inflation, could cause total project costs to exceed budgeted costs. Additional risks associated with growing our business include, among others, that: 
 Changing circumstances and deviations in variables could negatively impact our investment analysis, including our projections of revenues, earnings, and cash flow relating to potential investment targets, resulting in outcomes that are materially different than anticipated; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

We could be required to contribute additional capital to support acquired businesses or assets and we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us that exceed our estimates and for which contractual protections are either unavailable or prove inadequate; 
 Acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, distract management, divert financial and operational resources from existing operations, and make it difficult to maintain our current business standards, controls, and procedures; and 
 Acquisitions and capital projects may require substantial new capital, including the issuance of debt or equity, and we may not be able to access credit or capital markets or obtain acceptable terms. 
 If realized, any of these risks could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, including the possible impairment of our assets, or cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Strategy and Financing 
 A downgrade of our credit ratings, which are determined outside of our control by independent third parties, could impact our liquidity, access to capital, and our costs of doing business. 
 Downgrades of our credit ratings increase our cost of borrowing and could require us to provide collateral to our counterparties, negatively impacting our available liquidity. In addition, our ability to access capital markets could be limited by a downgrade of our credit ratings. 
 Credit rating agencies perform independent analysis when assigning credit ratings. The analysis includes a number of criteria such as business composition, market and operational risks, as well as various financial tests. Credit rating agencies continue to review the criteria for industry sectors and various debt ratings and may make changes to those criteria from time to time. Credit ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the credit ratings agencies. 
 Our ability to obtain credit in the future could be affected by Williams credit ratings. 
 Substantially all of Williams operations are conducted through its subsidiaries. Williams cash flows are substantially derived from loans, dividends, and distributions paid to it by its subsidiaries. Due to our relationship with Williams, our ability to obtain credit will be affected by Williams credit ratings. If Williams were to experience a deterioration in its credit standing or financial condition, our access to capital and our ratings could be adversely affected. Any downgrading of a Williams credit rating could result in a downgrading of our credit rating. A downgrading of a Williams credit rating could limit our ability to obtain financing in the future upon favorable terms, if at all. 
 Restrictions in our debt agreements and the amount of our indebtedness may affect our future financial and operating flexibility. 
 Our total outstanding long-term debt (including current portion) as of December 31, 2022 was 5.28 billion. 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain covenants that restrict our ability to incur certain liens to support indebtedness and our ability to merge or consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, certain of our debt agreements contain various covenants that restrict or limit, among other things, our ability to guarantee certain indebtedness, to make certain distributions during the continuation of an event of default, and to enter into certain affiliate transactions and certain restrictive agreements and to change the nature of our business. Certain of our debt agreements also contain, and those we enter into in the future may contain, financial covenants and other limitations with which we will need to comply. Williams debt agreements contain similar covenants with respect to Williams and its subsidiaries, including us. 
 Our debt service obligations and the covenants described above could have important consequences. For example, they could, among other things: 
 Make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, which could in turn result in an event of default on such indebtedness; 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, general limited liability company purposes, or other purposes; 
 Diminish our ability to withstand a continued or future downturn in our business or the economy generally; 
 Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, general limited liability company purposes, or other purposes; and 
 Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate, including by limiting our ability to expand or pursue our business activities and by preventing us from engaging in certain transactions that might otherwise be considered beneficial to us. 
 Our ability to comply with our debt covenants, to repay, extend, or refinance our existing debt obligations and to obtain future credit will depend primarily on our operating performance. Our ability to refinance existing debt obligations or obtain future credit will also depend upon the current conditions in the credit markets and the availability of credit generally. If we are unable to comply with these covenants, meet our debt service obligations, or obtain future credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional equity capital, or sell assets. We may be unable to obtain financing or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
 Our failure to comply with the covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness could result in events of default, which could render such indebtedness due and payable. We may not have sufficient liquidity to repay our indebtedness in such circumstances. In addition, cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions in our debt agreements could cause a default or acceleration to have a wider impact on our liquidity than might otherwise arise from a default or acceleration of a single debt instrument. For more information regarding our debt agreements, please read Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 5 Debt and Financing Arrangements of Notes to Financial Statements. 
 Difficult conditions in the global financial markets and the economy in general could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted by adverse economic conditions or future disruptions in the global financial markets. Included among these potential negative impacts are industrial or economic contraction (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) leading to reduced energy demand and lower prices for our products and services and increased difficulty in collecting amounts owed to us by our customers. The ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine and the actions undertaken by western nations in response to Russia s actions has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on global financial markets. We, along with Williams and Northwest Pipeline LLC, are party to a credit agreement with aggregate commitments available of 3.75 billion, with up to an additional 500 million increase in aggregate commitments available under certain circumstances. We and Northwest Pipeline LLC are each subject to a 500 million borrowing sublimit. As of December 31, 2022, we had a borrowing capacity of 500 million under such credit facility, but our ability to borrow under that facility could be impaired if one or more of our lenders fails to honor its contractual obligation to lend to us. If financing is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. In addition, financial markets have periodically been affected by concerns over U.S. fiscal and monetary policies. These concerns, as well as actions taken by the U.S. federal government in response to these concerns, could significantly and adversely impact the global and U.S. economies and financial markets, which could negatively impact us in the manner described above. 
 Williams can exercise substantial control over our distribution policy and our business and operations and may do so in a manner that is adverse to our interests. 
 Because we are an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Williams, Williams exercises substantial control over our business and operations and makes determinations with respect to, among other things, the following: 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Payment of distributions and repayment of advances; 
 Decisions on financings and our capital raising activities; 
 Mergers or other business combinations; and 
 Acquisition or disposition of assets. 
 Williams could decide to increase distributions or advances to our member consistent with existing debt covenants. This could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 Risks Related to Regulations That Affect Our Industry 
 Our natural gas transportation and storage operations are subject to regulation by the FERC, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to establish transportation and storage rates that would allow us to recover the full cost of operating our pipeline and storage assets, including a reasonable rate of return. 
 In addition to regulation by other federal, state, and local regulatory authorities, under the NGA, our interstate pipeline transportation and storage services and related assets are subject to regulation by the FERC. Federal regulation extends to such matters as: 
 Transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce; 
 Rates, operating terms, types of services and conditions of service; 
 Certification and construction of new interstate pipeline and storage facilities; 
 Acquisition, extension, disposition, or abandonment of existing interstate pipeline and storage facilities; 
 Accounts and records; 
 Depreciation and amortization policies; 
 Relationships with affiliated companies that are involved in marketing functions of the natural gas business; and 
 Market manipulation in connection with interstate sales, purchases, or transportation of natural gas. 
 Regulatory or administrative actions in these areas, including successful complaints or protests against our rates, can affect our business in many ways, including by decreasing existing tariff rates or setting future tariff rates to levels such that revenues are inadequate to recover increases in operating costs or to sustain an adequate return on capital investments, decreasing volumes in our pipelines, increasing our costs, and otherwise altering the profitability of our business. 
 Unlike other interstate pipelines that own facilities in the offshore Gulf of Mexico, we charge our transportation customers a separate fee to access our offshore facilities. The separate charge is referred to as an IT feeder charge. The IT feeder rate is charged only when gas is actually transported on the applicable facilities and typically it is paid by producers or marketers. Because the IT feeder rate is typically paid by producers and marketers, it generally results in netback prices to producers that are slightly lower than the netbacks realized by producers transporting on other interstate pipelines. This rate design disparity can result in producers bypassing our offshore facilities in favor of alternative transportation facilities. 
 Risks Related to Employees and Outsourcing of Support Activities 
 Failure of our service providers or disruptions to outsourcing relationships might negatively impact our ability to conduct our business. 
 We rely on Williams and other third parties for certain services necessary for us to be able to conduct our business. We have a limited ability to control these operations and the associated costs. Certain of Williams accounting and information technology functions that we rely on are currently provided by third-party vendors, and sometimes from service centers outside of the United States. Services provided pursuant to these arrangements could 
 19 

Table of Contents 

be disrupted. Similarly, the expiration of agreements associated with such arrangements or the transition of services between providers could lead to loss of institutional knowledge or service disruptions. Our reliance on Williams and others as service providers and on Williams outsourcing relationships, and our limited ability to control certain costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our allocation from Williams for costs for its defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans are affected by factors beyond our and Williams control. 
 As we have no employees, employees of Williams and its affiliates provide services to us. As a result, we are allocated a portion of Williams costs for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans. The timing and amount of our allocations under the defined benefit pension plans depend upon a number of factors that Williams controls, including changes to pension plan benefits, as well as factors outside of Williams control, such as asset returns, interest rates, and changes in pension laws. Changes to these and other factors that can significantly increase our allocations could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Weather, Other Natural Phenomena and Business Disruption 
 Our assets and operations, as well as our customers assets and operations, can be affected by weather and other natural phenomena. 
 Our assets and operations, especially those located offshore, and our customers assets and operations can be adversely affected by hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, landslides, tornadoes, and other natural phenomena and weather conditions, including extreme or unseasonable temperatures, making it more difficult for us to realize the historic rates of return associated with our assets and operations. A significant disruption in our or our customers operations or the occurrence of a significant liability for which we were not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by acts of terrorism and related disruptions. 
 Given the volatile nature of the commodities we transport and store, our assets and the assets of our customers and others in our industry may be targets of terrorist activities. Uncertainty surrounding the Russian invasion of Ukraine, or other sustained military campaigns, may affect our operations in unpredictable ways, including the possibility that infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terrorism. A terrorist attack could create significant price volatility, disrupt our business, limit our access to capital markets, or cause significant harm to our operations, such as full or partial disruption to our ability to transport natural gas. Acts of terrorism, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with acts of terrorism, could cause environmental repercussions that could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 A breach of our information technology infrastructure, including a breach caused by a cybersecurity attack on us or third parties with whom we are interconnected, may interfere with the safe operation of our assets, result in the disclosure of personal or proprietary information, and harm our reputation. 
 We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. In addition to the oversight of our business provided by our Management Committee, the Williams Board of Directors has oversight responsibility with regard to enterprise-wide assessment of the major risks inherent in its businesses, including cybersecurity risks. Accordingly, the Williams Board of Directors reviews management s efforts to address and mitigate such risks, including the establishment and implementation of policies to address cybersecurity threats. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant time, manpower, and capital in our information technology infrastructure. However, the age, operating systems, or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets and our ability to maintain and upgrade such assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. While we believe that we maintain appropriate information security policies, practices, and protocols, we regularly face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants, and assets. We face 
 20 

Table of Contents 

unlawful attempts to gain access to our information technology infrastructure, including coordinated attacks from hackers, whether state-sponsored groups, hacktivists , or private individuals. We face the threat of theft and misuse of sensitive data and information, including customer and employee information. We also face attempts to gain access to information related to our assets through attempts to obtain unauthorized access by targeting acts of deception against individuals with legitimate access to physical locations or information. We also are subject to cybersecurity risks arising from the fact that our business operations are interconnected with third parties, including third-party pipelines, other facilities, and our contractors and vendors. In addition, the breach of certain business systems could affect our ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions, including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud, or unethical conduct, which may increase as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, could result in damage to or destruction of our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability, the loss of contracts, the imposition of significant costs associated with remediation and litigation, heightened regulatory scrutiny, increased insurance costs, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We do not insure against all potential risks and losses and could be seriously harmed by unexpected liabilities or by the inability of our insurers to satisfy our claims. 
 In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, risks and losses, and only at levels we believe to be appropriate. The occurrence of any risks not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and our ability to repay our debt. 
 A failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or unavailability of contract labor may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development, including with the workforce needs associated with projects and ongoing operations. Williams failure to hire and adequately obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate the businesses. If Williams is unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, including members of senior management, results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2 . Properties 
 Our gas pipeline facilities are generally owned in fee simple. However, a substantial portion of such facilities is constructed and maintained pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses or consents on and across properties owned by others. Compressor stations, with appurtenant facilities, are located in whole or in part either on lands owned or on sites held under leases or permits issued or approved by public authorities. Our storage facilities are either owned or contracted for under long-term leases or easements. We lease our company offices in Houston, Texas. 
 
 Item 3 . Legal Proceedings 
 Environmental 
 While it is not possible for us to predict the final outcome of any pending legal proceedings involving governmental authorities under federal, state, and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, we do not anticipate a material effect on our financial position if we were to receive an unfavorable 
 21 

Table of Contents 

outcome in any one or more of such proceedings. Our threshold for disclosing material environmental legal proceedings involving a governmental authority where potential monetary sanctions are involved is 1 million. 
 Other 
 The additional information called for by this item is provided in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments of Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We are indirectly owned by Williams. 
 Distributions totaling 838 million and 344 million were declared and paid by us to our parent during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In January 2023, we declared and paid a distribution to our parent of 310 million. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our parent made contributions to us totaling 128 million and 417 million, respectively. 
 
 Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 General 
 The following discussion and analysis of critical accounting estimates, results of operations and capital resources and liquidity should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included within Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions. We believe that the nature of these estimates and assumptions is material due to the subjectivity and judgment necessary, or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of these on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 We are regulated by the FERC. Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 980, Regulated Operations, (Topic 980) provides that certain costs that would otherwise be charged to expense should be deferred as regulatory assets, based on the expected recovery from customers in future rates. Likewise, certain actual or anticipated credits that would otherwise reduce expense should be deferred as regulatory liabilities, based on the expected return to customers in future rates. Management's expected recovery of deferred costs and return of deferred credits generally results from specific decisions by regulators granting such ratemaking treatment. We record certain incurred costs and obligations as regulatory assets or liabilities if, based on regulatory orders or other available evidence, it is probable that the costs or obligations will be included in amounts allowable for recovery or refunded in future rates. 
 Accounting for businesses that are regulated and apply the provisions of Topic 980 can differ from the accounting requirements for non-regulated businesses. Transactions that are recorded differently as a result of regulatory accounting requirements include the capitalization of an equity return component on regulated capital projects, capitalization of other project costs, retirements of general plant assets, employee-related benefits, environmental costs, negative salvage, asset retirement obligations (ARO) and other costs and taxes included in, or expected to be included in, future rates. As a rate-regulated entity, our management has determined that it is appropriate to apply the accounting prescribed by Topic 980 and, accordingly, the accompanying financial statements include the effects of the types of transactions described above that result from regulatory accounting requirements. Management s assessment of the probability of recovery or pass through of regulatory assets and liabilities requires judgment and interpretation of laws and regulatory commission orders. If, for any reason, we cease to meet the criteria for application of regulatory accounting treatment for all or part of our operations, the regulatory assets and liabilities related to those portions ceasing to meet such criteria would be eliminated from the Balance Sheet and included in the Statement of Net Income for the period in which the discontinuance of regulatory accounting treatment occurs, unless otherwise required to be recorded under other provisions of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The aggregate amount of regulatory assets reflected on the Balance Sheet is 422.7 million at December 31, 2022. The aggregate amount of regulatory liabilities reflected on the Balance Sheet is 
 23 

Table of Contents 

1,021.0 million at December 31, 2022. A summary of regulatory assets and liabilities is included in Note 11 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities of Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 This analysis discusses financial results of our operations for the years 2022 and 2021. Variances due to changes in natural gas prices and transportation volumes have little impact on revenues, because under our rate design methodology, the majority of overall cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in our transportation rates. 
 We have cash out sales, which settle gas imbalances with shippers. In the course of providing transportation services to customers, we may receive different quantities of gas from shippers than the quantities delivered on behalf of those shippers. Additionally, we transport gas on various pipeline systems, which may deliver different quantities of gas on our behalf than the quantities of gas received from us. These transactions result in gas transportation and exchange imbalance receivables and payables. Our tariff includes a method whereby the majority of transportation imbalances are settled on a monthly basis through cash out sales or purchases. The cash out sales have no impact on our operating income. 
 We recognized Net Income of 1,099.7 million in 2022 compared to 1,066.2 million in 2021. The significant components of this year-over-year increase of 33.5 million (3 percent) are discussed further below. 
 Natural gas sales increased 91.1 million (103 percent) due to higher cash out volumes and pricing (offset in Operating Costs and Expenses resulting in no net impact on our results of operations). 
 Natural gas transportation increased 124.0 million (5 percent), which was primarily due to: 
 90.2 million from additional Leidy South project capacity placed fully in service in December 2021; 
 23.2 million higher electric power costs, which are recovered from our customers through transportation rates and are offset in Operating Costs and Expenses resulting in no net impact on our results of operations; 
 12.7 million from a combination of higher short-term firm transportation and overall demand; and 
 10.6 million higher commodity fee revenues; partially offset by 
 12.7 million lower revenues related to a cash out surcharge (offset in Operating Costs and Expenses resulting in no net impact on our results of operations). 
 Natural gas storage increased 25.1 million (15 percent) primarily due to an increase in rates that became effective in the second quarter of 2022, which are offset in Operation and maintenance resulting in no net impact on our results of operations. 
 Other revenues increased 14.1 million (72 percent) due primarily to higher park and loan services. 
 Operating Costs and Expenses, excluding Cost of natural gas sales, which directly offsets Natural gas sales in Operating Revenues , increased 160.1 million (13 percent). This increase was primarily attributable to: 
 117.0 million increase in Operation and maintenance costs primarily resulting from (i) increased transportation costs of 37.5 million associated with the Leidy South project, (ii) higher electric power costs of 23.2 million (electric power costs are recovered from customers through transportation rates and are offset in Operating Revenues resulting in no net impact on our results of operations), (iii) higher third-party storage costs of 23.8 million (offset in Operating Revenues resulting in no net impact on our results of operations), (iv) 20.5 million increase in routine operation and maintenance expense primarily from higher costs related to outside services for painting, pipeline inspection and bridge repairs, and higher compressor station maintenance; and (v) 5.2 million higher employee-related labor and benefit costs; 
 4.2 million increase in General and administrative expenses primarily due to an unfavorable change in allocated corporate expenses associated with an increase in information technology costs; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

23.4 million increase in Depreciation and amortization costs primarily as a result of an increase in ARO-related depreciation (offset in Other (income) expense, net resulting in no net impact on our results of operations) and additional assets placed into service; 
 5.2 million increase in Taxes - other than income taxes primarily due to an increase in property taxes as a result of valuation increases; and 
 14.0 million unfavorable change in Regulatory credit resulting from tax rate changes associated with a decrease in our estimated state deferred taxes; partially offset by 
 1.4 million favorable change in Other (income) expense, net primarily due to favorable changes associated with (i) the deferral of 12.9 million of ARO-related depreciation (offset in Depreciation and amortization resulting in no net impact on our results of operations), (ii) a cash out surcharge of 12.6 million (offset in Operating Revenues resulting in no net impact on our results of operations), (iii) 6.1 million decrease in project-related costs driven by the absence of a charge in the prior year and the capitalization of feasibility costs and (iv) 0.8 million of various other immaterial items, partially offset by (v) 31.0 million of charges related to storage cavern abandonments and monitoring at our Eminence facility. 
 Other (Income) and Other Expenses had a favorable change of 30.4 million (10 percent) driven by an increase in affiliated interest income on our advances to Williams due to rising interest rates and favorable changes in AFUDC as a result of higher capitalized construction costs, partially offset by an increase in interest expense primarily due to interest incurred on our financing obligation associated with the Leidy South project. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Method of Financing 
 We fund our capital requirements with cash flows from operating activities, equity contributions from Williams, advances from Williams, accessing capital markets, and, if required, borrowings under the credit facility described below. 
 We may raise capital through private debt offerings, as well as offerings registered pursuant to offering-specific registration statements. Interest rates, market conditions, and industry conditions will affect amounts raised, if any, in the capital markets. We anticipate that we will be able to access public and private debt markets on terms commensurate with our credit ratings to finance our capital requirements, when needed. 
 We, along with Williams and Northwest Pipeline LLC, are co-borrowers under a 3.75 billion unsecured credit facility. Total letter of credit capacity available to Williams under the credit facility is 500 million. We may borrow up to 500 million under the credit facility to the extent not otherwise utilized by Williams and Northwest Pipeline LLC. See Note 5 Debt and Financing Arrangements of Notes to Financial Statements for further discussion of the credit facility. 
 We are a participant in Williams's cash management program, and we make advances to and receive advances from Williams. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our advances to Williams totaled approximately 1.8 billion and 1.7 billion, respectively. These advances are represented by demand notes. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We categorize our capital expenditures as either maintenance capital expenditures or expansion capital expenditures. Maintenance capital expenditures are those expenditures required to maintain the existing operating capacity and service capability of our assets, including replacement of system components and equipment that are worn, obsolete, completing their useful life, or necessary to remain in compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Expansion capital expenditures improve the service capability of existing assets, extend useful lives, increase transmission or storage capacities from existing levels, reduce costs or enhance revenues. We anticipate 2023 capital expenditures will be approximately 245 million for expansion projects and 414 million for maintenance projects. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 At December 31, 2022, our debt portfolio included only fixed rate debt, which mitigates the impact of fluctuations in interest rates. The following table provides information about our long-term debt, including current maturities, as of December 31, 2022. The following table presents principal cash flows and weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (1) Fair Value December 31, 2022 (Millions) Long-term debt, excluding other financing obligation: Fixed rate 1,208 2,975 4,183 3,842 Weighted-average interest rate 5.20 5.20 5.20 4.44 4.17 4.42 Other financing obligation: Fixed rate 29 31 34 37 41 967 1,139 1,520 Weighted-average interest rate 9.19 9.20 9.20 9.21 9.21 9.25 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Excludes unamortized discount/premium and debt issuance costs. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 28 
 Statement of Net Income 
 30 
 Balance Sheet 
 31 
 Statement of Changes in Member s Equity 
 33 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 34 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 35 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 35 
 Note 2 Revenue Recognition 
 42 
 Note 3 Leases 
 43 
 Note 4 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
 43 
 Note 5 Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 45 
 Note 6 ARO Trust 
 48 
 Note 7 Fair Value Measurements 
 49 
 Note 8 Benefit Plans 
 50 
 Note 9 Transactions with Major Customers and Affiliates 
 51 
 Note 10 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 52 
 Note 11 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 53 

27 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Management Committee and Member of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of net income, changes in member s equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account s or disclosure s to which it relates. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Description of the Matter Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company is an interstate natural gas transmission company that is regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC and applies accounting principles in Topic 980 for regulated operations. As such, certain incurred costs that would otherwise be charged to expense are deferred as regulatory assets, based on the expected recovery from customers in future rates. Likewise, certain actual or anticipated credits that would otherwise reduce expense are deferred as regulatory liabilities, based on the expected return to customers in future rates. The Company records items as regulatory assets or liabilities if, based on regulatory orders or other available evidence, it is probable that the costs or obligations will be included in amounts allowable for recovery or refunded in future rates. 
 Auditing regulatory assets and liabilities is complex as it requires specialized knowledge of rate-regulated activities and judgments as to matters that could affect the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s accounting for regulatory assets and liabilities, including, among others, controls over the evaluation of filings with regulatory bodies and their effects on existing regulatory assets and liabilities, including factors that may affect the timing or nature of recoverability. 
 We performed audit procedures that included, among others, reviewing evidence of correspondence with regulatory bodies to test that the Company evaluated new information obtained from regulatory rulings. For example, we assessed the recoverability, considering information obtained from regulatory orders, of various regulatory assets. In addition, we tested calculations of material regulatory assets and liabilities, including that amortization for certain regulatory assets and liabilities corresponded to relevant regulatory rulings and/or orders. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1995. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Statement of Net Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Thousands) Operating Revenues: Natural gas sales Natural gas transportation Natural gas storage Other Total operating revenues Operating Costs and Expenses: Cost of natural gas sales Operation and maintenance General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Taxes other than income taxes Impairment of assets Regulatory credit resulting from tax rate changes ) ) ) Other (income) expense, net Total operating costs and expenses Operating Income Other (Income) and Other Expenses: Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Allowance for equity and borrowed funds used during construction (AFUDC) ) ) ) Miscellaneous other (income) expense, net Total other (income) and other expenses Net Income 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Balance Sheet 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Thousands) ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Receivables: Advances to affiliate Trade Affiliates Other (less allowance of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Transportation and exchange gas receivables Inventories: Materials and supplies, at average cost Gas available for customer nomination, at average cost Gas in storage, at original cost Regulatory assets Other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment Less-Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property, plant and equipment, net Other Assets: Regulatory assets Right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets 
 (continued) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Balance Sheet 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Thousands) LIABILITIES AND MEMBER S EQUITY Current Liabilities: Payables: Trade Affiliates Cash overdrafts Transportation and exchange gas payables Accrued liabilities: Interest Asset retirement obligations Regulatory liabilities Property and other taxes Customer deposits Customer advances Other Long-term debt due within one year Total current liabilities Long-Term Debt Other Long-Term Liabilities: Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Contract liabilities Lease liability Other Total other long-term liabilities Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (Note 4) Member s Equity: Member s capital Retained earnings Total member s equity Total liabilities and member s equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Statement of Changes in Member s Equity 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Thousands) Member's Capital: Balance at beginning of period Cash contributions from parent Balance at end of period Retained Earnings: Balance at beginning of period Net income Cash distributions to parent ) ) ) Balance at end of period Total Member's Equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of assets Allowance for equity funds used during construction (equity AFUDC) ) ) ) Regulatory credit resulting from tax rate changes ) ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Affiliate receivables ) ) ) Trade and other accounts receivable ) ) Transportation and exchange gas receivables ) ) Inventories ) Regulatory assets ) ) Other current assets ) ) ) Affiliate payables ) ) Trade accounts payable ) Transportation and exchange gas payables ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Reserve for rate refunds ) Other, including changes in long-term assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from long-term debt Proceeds from other financing obligations Payments on other financing obligations ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) ) Cash distributions to parent ) ) ) Cash contributions from parent Advances from affiliate, net ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Property, plant and equipment; Capital expenditures (1) ) ) ) Contributions and advances for construction costs Disposal of property, plant and equipment, net ) ) ) Advances to affiliate, net ) ) ) Purchase of ARO Trust investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of ARO Trust investments Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period ____________________________ (1) Increase to property, plant and equipment, exclusive of equity AFUDC ) ) ) Changes in related accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest (exclusive of amount capitalized) Income taxes 
 See accompanying notes. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 billion allocation to property, plant and equipment and adjustments to deferred taxes based upon the book basis of the net assets recorded as a result of the acquisition. The amount allocated to property, plant and equipment is being depreciated on a straight-line basis over years, the estimated useful lives of these assets at the date of acquisition, at approximately million per year. At 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion. Current FERC policy does not permit us to recover through rates amounts in excess of original cost. 
 Certain reclassifications have been made to information from previous periods to conform to the current presentation on the statement of cash flows within operating activities, with no net impact to cash provided by operating activities. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to years. Payment provisions in certain of our lease agreements contain escalation factors which may be based on stated rates or a change in a published index at a future time. The amount by which a lease 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

38 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

- 
 Offshore transmission facilities Storage facilities - 
 Gathering facilities - 
 Construction in progress Not applicable Other - 
 Property, plant and equipment Less-Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 We record a liability and increase the basis in the underlying asset for the present value of each expected future ARO at the time the liability is initially incurred, typically when the asset is acquired or constructed. Measurements of ARO include, as a component of future expected costs, an estimate of the price that a third party would demand, and could expect to receive, for bearing the uncertainties inherent in the obligations, sometimes referred to as a market-risk premium. The ARO asset is depreciated in a manner consistent with the expected timing of the future abandonment of the underlying physical assets. We measure changes in the liability due to passage of time by applying an interest method of allocation. The depreciation of the ARO asset and accretion of the ARO liability are generally recognized as an increase to a regulatory asset, as management expects to recover such amounts in future rates. The regulatory asset is amortized commensurate with our collection of these costs in rates. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million, and million, for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The allowance for equity funds was million, million, and million, for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 and million, respectively. The balance at December 31, 2021 was primarily related to non-trade receivables. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

41 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 2 
 Recognized in revenue 
 ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Our remaining performance obligations primarily include reservation charges on contracted capacity on our firm transportation and storage contracts with customers. Amounts from certain contracts included in the table below, which are subject to the periodic review and approval by the FERC, reflect the rates for such services in our current FERC tariffs, net of estimated reserve for refund, for the life of the related contracts; however, these rates may change based on future tariffs approved by the FERC. This table excludes the variable consideration component for commodity charges. Certain of our contracts contain evergreen and other renewal provisions for periods beyond the initial term of the contract. The remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022, do not consider potential future performance obligations for which the renewal has not been exercised and exclude contracts with customers for which the underlying facilities have not received FERC authorization to be placed into service.) 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 3 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities December 31, 2022 2021 (Thousands) Other Information: Right-of-use assets 
 Operating lease liabilities: Current (included in Accrued liabilities - Other on our Balance Sheet) 
 Lease liability 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (years) Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments 
 Less amount representing interest Total obligations under operating leases 

Note 4 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million for the expected ongoing remediation and monitoring costs, million recorded in Accrued liabilities - Other and million recorded in Other Long-Term Liabilities - Other on the Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2021, we had a liability of approximately million for the expected ongoing remediation costs, million recorded in Accrued liabilities - Other and million recorded in Other Long-Term Liabilities - Other on the Balance Sheet. 
 We have been identified as a potentially responsible party (PRP) at various Superfund and state waste disposal sites. Based on present volumetric estimates and other factors, our estimated aggregate exposure for remediation of these sites is less than million. The estimated remediation costs for all of these sites are included in the environmental liabilities discussed above. Liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and applicable state law can be joint and several with other PRPs. Although volumetric allocation is a factor in assessing liability, it is not necessarily determinative; thus, the ultimate liability could be substantially greater than the amounts described above. 
 The EPA and various state regulatory agencies routinely propose and promulgate new rules, and issue updated guidance to existing rules. These rulemakings include, but are not limited to, rules for reciprocating internal combustion engine and combustion turbine maximum achievable control technology, review and updates to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, and rules for new and existing source performance standards for volatile organic compounds and methane. We continuously monitor these regulatory changes and how they may impact our operations. Implementation of new or modified regulations may result in impacts to our operations and increase the cost of additions to Total property, plant and equipment, net on the Balance Sheet for both new and existing facilities in affected areas; however due to regulatory uncertainty on final rule content and applicability timeframes, we are unable to reasonably estimate the cost of these regulatory impacts at this time. 
 We consider prudently incurred environmental assessment and remediation costs and the costs associated with compliance with environmental standards to be recoverable through rates. Historically, with limited exceptions, we have been permitted recovery of environmental costs, and it is our intent to continue seeking recovery of such costs through future rate filings. 
 Other Matters 
 Various other proceedings are pending against us and are considered incidental to our operations. 
 Summary 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 5 
 due 2026 
 due 2026 
 Total debentures Notes: due 2026 
 due 2028 
 due 2030 
 due 2041 
 due 2042 
 due 2048 
 due 2050 
 Total notes Other financing obligations Total long-term debt, including current portion Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unamortized debt premium and discount, net ) ) Long-term debt due within one year ) ) Total long-term debt 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 property is pledged as collateral under any of our long-term debt issues. 
 Restrictive Debt Covenants 
 At December 31, 2022, none of our debt instruments restrict the amount of distributions to our parent, provided, however, that under the credit facility described below, we are restricted from making distributions to our parent during an event of default if we have directly incurred indebtedness under the credit facility. Our debt 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

percent, percent and percent, respectively. 
 Dalton Expansion Project 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount included in Long-Term Debt on our Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, and the amount included in Long-term debt due within one year on our Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively. 
 Atlantic Sunrise Project 
 During 2022 and 2021, we received million and million, respectively, of additional funding from a co-owner for its proportionate share of construction costs related to its undivided ownership interest in Atlantic Sunrise. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount included in Long-Term Debt on our Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, and the amount included in Long-term debt due within one year on our Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively. 
 Leidy South Project 
 Upon placing the applicable portion of the project in service during the fourth quarter of 2021, we began utilizing the co-owner s undivided interest in the facilities, including the associated pipeline capacity, and reclassified approximately million of funding previously received from our co-owner from Other Long-Term Liabilities to debt to reflect the financing obligation payable to our co-owner over an expected term of years. During 2022, we received million of additional funding from our co-owner for its proportionate share of construction costs related to its undivided ownership interest in Leidy South. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount included in Long-Term Debt on our Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, and the amount included in Long-term debt due within one year on our Balance Sheet for this financing obligation was million and million, respectively. As this transaction did not meet the criteria for sale leaseback accounting due to our continued involvement, it was accounted for as a financing arrangement over the course of the capacity agreement. 
 Long-Term Debt Due Within One Year 
 The long-term debt due within one year at December 31, 2022 and 2021, are associated with the previously described other financing obligations. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion to billion, with up to an additional million increase in aggregate commitments available under certain circumstances. The Credit Agreement was effective on October 8, 2021. The maturity date of the credit facility is October 8, 2026. However, the co-borrowers may request up to two extensions of the maturity date each for an additional one-year period to allow a maturity date as late as October 8, 2028, under certain circumstances. The Credit Agreement allows for swing line loans up to an aggregate of million, subject to available capacity under the credit facility, and letters of credit commitments of million. We and Northwest Pipeline LLC are each able to borrow up to million under the credit facility to the extent not otherwise utilized by the other co-borrowers. At December 31, 2022, letters of credit have been issued and loans were outstanding under the credit facility. 
 The Credit Agreement contains the following terms and conditions: 
 Various covenants may limit, among other things, a borrower s and its material subsidiaries ability to grant certain liens supporting indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell all or substantially all of its assets in certain circumstances, make certain distributions during an event of default, and each borrower and each borrower s respective material subsidiaries ability to enter into certain restrictive agreements. 
 If an event of default with respect to a borrower occurs under the credit facility, the lenders will be able to terminate the commitments for the respective borrowers and accelerate the maturity of the loans of the defaulting borrower under the credit facility and exercise other rights and remedies. 
 Other than swing line loans, each time funds are borrowed, the applicable borrower may choose from two methods of calculating interest: a fluctuating base rate equal to an alternative base rate as defined in the Credit Agreement plus an applicable margin or a periodic fixed rate equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin. Williams is required to pay a commitment fee based on the unused portion of the credit facility. The applicable margin is determined by reference to a pricing schedule based on the applicable borrower s senior unsecured long-term debt ratings and the commitment fee is determined by reference to a pricing schedule based on Williams senior unsecured long-term debt ratings. The Credit Agreement also includes customary provisions to provide for replacement of LIBOR with an alternative benchmark rate when LIBOR ceases to be available. 
 The ratio of debt to capitalization (defined as net worth plus debt), each as defined in the Credit Agreement, must be no greater than percent for each of Northwest Pipeline LLC and us. 
 At December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with this covenant. 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 billion commercial paper program that has been reduced to billion in connection with the October 2021 Credit Agreement. Williams management considers amounts outstanding under this program to be a reduction of available capacity under the credit facility. At December 31, 2022, Williams had million of commercial paper outstanding. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 6 
 million, with deposits made monthly. 
 U.S. Equity Funds International Equity Funds Municipal Bond Funds Total 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 7 
 Additional disclosures: Long-term debt, including current portion ) ) ) Assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2021: 
 Measured on a recurring basis: ARO Trust investments Additional disclosures: Long-term debt, including current portion ) ) ) 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and considered other internal uses and salvage values for the Property, plant, and equipment, net million during the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Note 8 
 million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Included in our pension costs are settlement charges of million for 2020. 
 Williams makes annual cash contributions to the pension plans, based on annual actuarial estimates, which we recover through rates that are set through periodic general rate filings. Effective with the Docket No. RP18-1126 rate case settlement, any amounts of annual contributions that fall below a threshold are recorded as adjustments to income and refunded through future rate adjustments. The amounts of deferred pension collections recorded as regulatory liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Also effective with the Docket No. RP18-1126 rate case settlement, the pension regulatory liability as of March 1, 2019 is being amortized over a five -year period. 
 Williams provides subsidized retiree medical benefits to a closed group of participants as well as retiree life insurance to eligible participants. We recognized other postretirement benefit income of million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 We have been allowed by rate case settlements to collect or refund in future rates any differences between the actuarially determined costs and amounts currently being recovered in rates related to other postretirement benefits. Any differences between the annual actuarially determined cost and amounts currently being recovered in rates are recorded as an adjustment to expense and collected or refunded through future rate adjustments. The amounts of other postretirement benefits costs deferred as regulatory liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are million and million, respectively. Effective with the Docket No. RP18-1126 rate case settlement, the other postretirement benefits regulatory liability as of March 1, 2019 is being amortized over a period of approximately five years. 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 Williams maintains a defined contribution plan for substantially all of its employees. Williams charged us compensation expense of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for Williams company contributions to this plan. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million, and million, respectively, excluding amounts allocated from Williams. 
 
 Note 9 
 million percent), million percent) and million percent) of our operating revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. No other customers accounted for 10 percent or more of our revenues during any of the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 Affiliates 
 We are a participant in Williams cash management program, and we make advances to and receive advances from Williams. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our advances to Williams totaled approximately billion and billion, respectively. These advances are represented by demand notes and are classified as Receivables - Advances to affiliate on the Balance Sheet. Advances are stated at the historical carrying amounts. Interest expense and income are recognized when earned and the collectability is reasonably assured. The interest rate on these intercompany demand notes is based upon the daily overnight investment rate paid on Williams excess cash at the end of each month, which was approximately percent at December 31, 2022. The interest income from these advances was million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million during each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Such interest income is included in Other (Income) and Other Expenses - Interest income on the Statement of Net Income. 
 Included in Operating Revenues on the Statement of Net Income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 are revenues received from affiliates of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Included in Cost of natural gas sales on the Statement of Net Income for 2022, 2021 and 2020 are costs of gas purchased from affiliates of million, million, and million, respectively. All gas purchases are made at market or contract prices. 
 We have employees. Services necessary to operate our business are provided to us by Williams and certain affiliates of Williams. We reimburse Williams and its affiliates for all direct and indirect expenses incurred or payments made (including salary, bonus, incentive compensation and benefits) in connection with these services. Employees of Williams also provide general, administrative and management services to us, and we are charged for certain administrative expenses incurred by Williams. These charges are either directly identifiable or allocated to our assets. Direct charges are for goods and services provided by Williams at our request. Allocated charges are based on a three-factor formula, which considers revenues; property, plant and equipment; and payroll. In management s estimation, the allocation methodologies used are reasonable and result in a reasonable allocation to us of our costs of doing business incurred by Williams. We have recorded million, million, and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for these service expenses, which are primarily included in Operation and maintenance and General and administrative expenses on the Statement of Net Income. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During January 2023, we declared and paid a cash distribution of million to our parent. 
 
 Note 10 

Accretion New obligations Changes in estimates of existing obligations (1) Property dispositions/obligations settled ) ) Ending balance 
 ______________________ 
 
 We are entitled to collect in rates the amounts necessary to fund our ARO with limited exceptions. All funds received for such retirements are deposited into an external trust account dedicated to funding our ARO (see Note 6 ARO Trust). 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 11 
 Electric power cost ARO Deferred cash out Asset retirement costs - Eminence Total current regulatory assets Long-term regulatory assets: ARO Grossed-up deferred taxes on equity funds used during construction Asset retirement costs - Eminence Slug Catcher Deferred cash out Other Total long-term regulatory assets Total regulatory assets 
 
 Postretirement benefits other than pension Pension Other Total current regulatory liabilities Long-term regulatory liabilities: Negative salvage Deferred taxes - liability Postretirement benefits other than pension Pension Sentinel meter station depreciation Other Total long-term regulatory liabilities Total regulatory liabilities 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of rate base deferred taxes was recorded due to a decrease in the effective state income tax rate. This amount will be subject to future discussions and negotiation with our customers in our next rate case. 
 Postretirement benefits other than pension: We recover the actuarially determined cost of postretirement benefits through rates that are set through periodic general rate filings. Any differences between the annual actuarially determined cost and the amounts recovered in rates are recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities to be collected or refunded through future rate adjustments. These amounts are not included in the rate base. Effective with the Docket No. RP18-1126 rate case settlement, the other postretirement benefits regulatory liability balance as of March 1, 2019, is currently being amortized (see Note 8 Benefit Plans). 
 Pension: We recover the actuarially determined pension cash contributions through rates that are set through periodic general rate filings. Effective with the Docket No. RP18-1126 rate case settlement, any amounts of annual contributions that fall below the threshold are recorded as adjustments to income and refunded through future rate adjustments. Also effective with the Docket No. RP18-1126 rate case settlement, the pension regulatory liability balance as of March 1, 2019, is currently being amortized (see Note 8 Benefit Plans). 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended) (Disclosure Controls) or our internal control over financial reporting (Internal Controls) will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We monitor our Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls and make modifications as necessary; our intent in this regard is that the Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls will be modified as systems change and conditions warrant. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls was performed as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer concluded that these Disclosure Controls are effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management regarding the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Senior Vice President and our Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 This annual report does not include a report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. A report by our registered public accounting firm is not required pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 Since we meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction (I)(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, and 13, is omitted. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in each of the last two fiscal years in each of the following categories are (in millions): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees 1.3 1.4 Audit-related fees Tax fees All other fees Total fees 1.3 1.4 
 Fees for audit services include fees associated with the annual audit, the reviews for our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, the reviews for other SEC and FERC filings, and accounting consultation. 
 
 As a wholly owned subsidiary of Williams, we do not have a separate audit committee. The Williams Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention, and oversight of Ernst Young LLP (EY) as such appointment relates to us and Williams other affiliates. The Williams Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the determination of fees associated with EY s audit of our financial statements. The Williams Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by EY to Williams and its affiliates. On an ongoing basis, management presents specific projects and categories of service, including projects and categories of service relating to us, to the Williams Audit Committee to request advance approval. The Williams Audit Committee reviews those requests and advises management if the Williams Audit Committee approves the engagement of EY. On a periodic basis, management reports to the Williams Audit Committee regarding the actual spending for such projects and services compared to the approved amounts. The Williams Audit Committee may also delegate the authority to pre-approve audit and permitted non-audit services, excluding services related to internal control over financial reporting, to a subcommittee of one or more committee members, provided that any such pre-approvals are reported on at a subsequent Williams Audit Committee meeting. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page Reference to 2022 10-K (a) 1 and 2. Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC financial statements and schedules Index Covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: Statement of Net Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 30 
 Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 31 
 Statement of Changes in Member s Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 33 
 Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 34 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 35 
 The following schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required: I, II, III, IV, and V. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 2 Certificate of Conversion dated December 22, 2008 and effective December 31, 2008 (filed on February 24, 2011 as Exhibit 2.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.1 Certificate of Formation executed as of December 22, 2008 and effective December 31, 2008 (filed on February 24, 2011 as Exhibit 3.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC dated February 17, 2010 (filed on October 28, 2010 as Exhibit 3.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Senior Indenture dated July 15, 1996 between Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (filed on April 2, 1996 as Exhibit 4.1 to our registration statement Form S-3 (File No. 333-02155) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2011 between Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed on August 12, 2011 as Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of July 13, 2012, between Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (filed on July 16, 2012 as Exhibit 4.1 to our current report Form 8-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2016, between Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed on January 22, 2016 as Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2018, between Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed on March 15, 2018 as Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2020, between Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed on May 8, 2020 as Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2010, by and between Transco Pipeline Services LLC and Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (filed on February 22, 2010 as Exhibit 10.3 to Williams Partners L.P. s, Form 8-K (File No. 001-32599) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Assignment Agreement dated February 13, 2013 by and between Transco Pipeline Services LLC and Williams WPC-I, LLC, effective January 1, 2013 (filed on February 27, 2013 as Exhibit 10.2 to our annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-07584) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 8, 2021 between The Williams Companies, Inc., Northwest Pipeline LLC, and Transcontinental Gas Pipeline Company, LLC, as co-borrowers, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (filed on October 8, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 to The Williams Companies, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-04174) and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document (contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE COMPANY, LLC (Registrant) By: /s/ Billeigh W. Mark Billeigh W. Mark Controller 
 Date: February 27, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature Title /s/ Scott A. Hallam Management Committee Member and Senior Vice President (Principal Executive Officer) Scott A. Hallam /s/ Mary A. Hausman Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Mary A. Hausman /s/ Billeigh W. Mark Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Billeigh W. Mark 
 
 Date: February 27, 2023 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tgpl_20221231xex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Scott A. Hallam, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 By s Scott A. Hallam Scott A. Hallam Senior Vice President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tgpl_20221231xex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Mary A. Hausman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 By s Mary A. Hausman Mary A. Hausman Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 tgpl_20221231xex-32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Scott A. Hallam Scott A. Hallam Senior Vice President February 27, 2023 

s Mary A. Hausman Mary A. Hausman Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer February 27, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to, and will be retained by, the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report and shall not be considered filed as part of the Report. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tgpl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tgpl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tgpl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tgpl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tgpl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

